The signage outside the front of a West Texas plant and nursery store does not mince a West Texas plant and nursery store words when it comes to how the business owner feels about the presumptive presidential Democrat nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton . it reads : " Crooked Hillary Would Be a Fucking Disaster ! " [ No asterisks , no redacting , no euphemistic use of the pretend word " effing " to mask where Slide Plant Market owner Mark Lee stands on the possibility that " Crooked Hillary " could be elected as the next president of the United States .   Since the sign went up Thursday , residents of the small unincorporated community of Slide , located in South Lubbock County , reacted strongly but not because Mark Lee used the term " Crooked Hillary , " coined by the presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump . The outrage is over Mark Lee use of profanity . " I ’m not a profane man , but some things just need to be said and I can say whatever I want . It ’s my right , Lee Mark Lee KCBD 11 ( NBC ) . " I do n’t agree with what the Obama administration has done , and I ca n’t imagine four years of Hillary , " Lee Mark Lee . He Mark Lee that voicing his Mark Lee    sentiments was just a matter of exercising his Mark Lee Amendment right to free speech . Additionally , there are no laws on the books that govern signage in Lubbock County to stop him Mark Lee Local officials agree Lee Mark Lee keep the vulgar curse word in his Mark Lee Crooked Hillary " sign , the local NBC affiliate reported . The plant store proprietor is known for sharing clever and comical messages on that very same signpost , say residents . He Mark Lee KCBD 11 ( ABC ) his Mark Lee has been ringing off the hook since putting up the " Crooked Hillary " sign , with callers expressing both support and opposition . He Mark Lee more than 40 locals stopped by to take photos on Thursday . In Slide , that is a lot of people . The tiny cotton growing town has approximately 44 residents . According to Wikipedia , its The tiny cotton growing town has never exceeded 50 . Responses to Lee ’s sign extended beyond Slide ’s boundaries . On social media , many supported the message . One woman tweeted : " Suddenly I need a plant . " @mommahand2 Suddenly I need a plant :) @realDonaldTrump https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Amber ( @mommahand2 ) June 9 , 2016 , A local woman posted on Facebook : " Holy crap this is right by my house ! ! He A local woman posted on Facebook: "Holy crap this my business ! " Another Slide resident wrote she Another Slide resident the news about Lee ’s sign to her Another Slide resident who " does n’t even like plants " but now because of the sign , he her husband to go to the store . Area resident Malissa Roys , however , expressed upset only over the the sign lone curse word to the local ABC affiliate . " I have a     daughter who can read , " she said a    daughter who can read " I do n’t necessarily want her to a    daughter who can read that and then ask me what that word ’s lone curse word to the local ABC affiliate " She never stated a    daughter who can read presidential candidate she supported , a    daughter who can read Roys commented : " I do n’t think we have a good candidate this year but I think there ’s a lot better ways without using vulgarity . " KCBD 11 posted their news segment on Facebook . At the time Breitbart Texas wrote this article , that post garnered 719 reactions   —    512 likes , 67 loves , 113   ’s , and 2 sad faces . There were only 15 angry responses . Also , 149 people shared the post , that post commented . Many stood with Lee ’s right to free speech and use of profanity . Some commented on how " sensitive " a society we have become . Others noted their objection to Lee Others his business Lee espouse Lee political views . Lee few were n’t Hillary or Trump fans . Several highlighted the prevalent    applied to conservative ’s conduct only . There was one " Hillary 2016 . " Hillary user Angela Young , posted , in part : " People have issues with what a sign says   …     get over it . I find more offense in those that stand on our flag and disrespect it . I have issues with supposed Democrats trashing and fighting at Republican rallies   …     " A man named Whitney Owens best summed up the profanity controversy in his Facebook post . A man named Whitney Owens wrote : " A man named Whitney Owens I agree with the sentiment and the message , the particular choice of vernacular in this instance is inappropriate . " One Facebook user wanted to give Lee " a medal , " another said he was more offended A man named Whitney Owens the morals and political views of both presumptive presidential candidates plus Bernie Sanders than he was of the A man named Whitney Owens . KAMC TV asked viewers for their opinions on the viewers Crooked Hillary the sign report , most said they stood with the viewers but could have done viewers the profanity . Others said they were just fine with the entire message and Others profanity . The remainder disagreed with the message the profanity profanity . Despite criticism that his use of profanity the profanity his message , Lee told KCBD 11 : " the message a his president is obscene . " He indicated he will not cave to pressure and the " Crooked his " his is not coming down anytime soon . Follow Merrill Hillary , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter @OutOfTheBoxMom . 
 