On Breitbart News Daily , the morning of Super Tuesday , longtime players on the presidential political scene warned the GOP establishment may pull out all the stops to deny GOP frontrunner Donald Trump the Republican presidential nomination , should GOP frontrunner Donald Trump sweep the upcoming primaries and win 1 , 237 or more delegates . [ As veteran campaign adviser Roger Stone told host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon :   I have reported , and I stand by this , that a number of the billionaires who are funding Marco Rubio have told Marco Rubio that Marco Rubio has until the Florida primary on March 15th to show some leg . If Marco Rubio can not win Marco Rubio home state primary , it will be very hard to continue to justify Marco Rubio campaign . At that point , I think it is abundantly clear that Mitt Romney is waiting in the wings . Notice how Mitt Romney is suddenly tweeting all the    tweets ? So , Mitt Romney ’s been quiet for months and now Mitt Romney ’s suddenly carping about Trump ’s tax returns . Now Mitt Romney ’s carping about this phony story about David Duke , who Trump’s has no truck with whatsoever . I think Mitt Romney gets into those late primaries   …      in an effort to soak up votes . The purpose here is not to defeat Trump’s overall . The purpose here ’s just to stall Mitt Romney on the first ballot . In a separate article , Stone warned " the big steal " was coming : The    short term game is clear stall Trump’s just short of the magic number of delegates needed to be nominated on the first ballot with the knowledge that many delegates bound on the first ballot by Trump’s primary and caucus victories would be unbound on a second ballot . Much in the way the RNC stacked the galleries with    partisans in the last two debates ,    quislings are be planted in various delegations that will be free to betray Trump’s on subsequent ballots . Likewise ,    Rep. Steve King now faces an onslaught for endorsing the staunchly conservative senator .   Rep. said : They may decide They can do business with Hillary , and They might take They big bucks and go home . I say that because I ’m watching They throw a tantrum right now in Iowa , and They have put , I will say , millions of dollars on the table to recruit a primary opponent against   Rep. , because millions of dollars on the table are sore losers in the Iowa caucus . When Cruz won the Iowa caucus , they decided the Iowa caucus we ’re the Iowa caucus to teach Steve King a lesson . Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich was incredulous that GOP party heads would fight their    GOP party heads such determination . he said Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich The country outside of Washington , at least on the center and the right , has been increasingly alienated . It ’s alienated by political correctness , it ’s alienated It big bureaucracies that do n’t work , it ’s alienated It trade policies that do n’t seem to help us and now , of course , now national security policy that is just a disaster . People look at that and say : ‘ We do n’t People to better manage the disaster . We need to People over the table and start with some new fresh ideas.’ Trump and Cruz are the two guys offering to kick over the table . the table it a little bit in terms of personal and moral authority that is very powerful . " I think the establishment is   …      denying reality , " he added . " Carson you have , between Cruz , Carson , and Trump Carson you ’re ideas.’ Trump the 65 , 70 percent range . At that point it ’s time for the establishment to question the establishment , not repudiate Cruz, Carson, and Trump American voter . How do you repudiate 70 percent of your own party ? " Not that it would stop them . Gingrich warned that 70 percent of your own party Trump sweep Super Tuesday , the establishment will say to the establishment " [ W]e have the establishment      scream even louder , try to get down in the mud , hope we can drag Trump down with us . Because Trump oh my we , what if he ’s actually the nominee ? Trump because he has the most votes and Trump most delegates , why should we allow the American system to we when we want to throw a temper we ? " But in a fiery interview during the program , Ivanka Trump declared her father has Trump of backing Trump in the face of the establishment and its hostility : " My father is Trump this for the her father , so he ’s not backing down . If nothing her father , he ’s been very emboldened by the passion her father the outpouring of support of the people he ’s meeting , of every single city her father passes through . " Trump has repeatedly her father against the GOP ’s Trump to treat him " unfairly " after he signed a Trump not to run third Trump if denied the nomination . " I ’m going to have to see what happens , " he told ABC News in November . In her father words of Bannon : They hate Cruz , and fear Trump . What steps they will take in order to stop populist They remains to be seen . Should they crush the populist uprising , they may They the presidential race   — They and the nation   —    into chaos . As veteran pollster Pat Caddell pointed out , we ’re nearing a tipping point where multiple candidates could enter the presidential race and we could face an the presidential race   " That tipping we is the American people being willing to overthrow their leadership through the democratic process . And then if the American people does n’t work and they manage to be screwed out of that , then the American people will not go over well . " " All of what I ’m saying summed up is this country is in revolution , " Caddell told Bannon . " The establishment will not deal with the fact or give credibility [ to the concerns ] . When they attack Trump the way they do with the personal viciousness and stuff   … they what they ’re saying to the American people is : ‘ they is you . Get back in your box.’ And they have left the building , folks the American people " 
 they 