Columnist Charles Krauthammer argued that while Texas Senator Ted Cruz got a " win " over Donald Trump in their debate exchange on Texas Senator Ted Cruz ’s eligibility , this was a " minor " win , compared to Trump ’s " electric " win in the " New York values " exchange on Thursday ’s " Kelly File " on the Fox News Channel following the GOP presidential debates .   Krauthammer said , " you saw Texas Senator Ted Cruz on the right , utterly speechless and essentially beaten . That was a pretty rare event . I ’m surprised the focus group was looking so much at the exchange between the two of the focus group on the birth issue . That was a win for Texas Senator Ted Cruz , but I thought it was a minor one . This one , I thought , was electric . " He added , " it ’s not just that Texas Senator Ted Cruz walked into a trap , knowing what was coming , having no answer , but that Trump , acted in a way that ’s quite uncharacteristic . If you notice how spoke , He dropped the tone of He voice , it was serious , and He slowed down . And He delivered that in a way that was sober and serious , unlike the way He generally speaks , which is , quickly , and half sentences , jumping around , and with a lot of , sort of energy , but also   —    I mean , animus sometimes , I think He played that . That was the     card , and He dealt the    card out of the deck in a way that was surprising for Trump . I thought that was the moment of the debate . " Krauthammer also stated , " I would say the other winner would have been , as always , as usual , [ Sen. Marco ] Rubio ( ) I would have , again , included Cruz in that because of Sen. Marco] Rubio ( ) fluency and Sen. Marco] Rubio ( ) strength , but that one moment , I thought detracted a lot . But Sen. Marco] Rubio ( ) , as always , had a combination of articulateness and passion , and that passion is there all the time . Some people are saying Sen. Marco] Rubio ( ) ’s getting angry , I think it ’s not . it ’s a kind of thing , I mean , it ’s a version of the anger that trump was , if   —    forgive me , trumpeting , and saying this is why I ’m angry , because the country ’s being misrun , but the anger in Rubio is less that , the anger in Rubio ’s a sense that we could be doing this , we are n’t , and we can do this , if we realize the values that we have and see the world clearly . Rubio ’s done that in every debate , and I do n’t think Rubio stumbled once on this . " Krauthammer concluded by saying Dr. Ben Carson and Ohio Governor John Kasich were " . " Rubio further stated that while former Florida Governor Jeb Bush " had Rubio best night . " It " was n’t enough . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 