Two new tracking polls in New Hampshire show steady races in both the Republican and Democrat contests ahead of Tuesday ’s primary vote . Donald Trump maintains strong 17 and 21 point leads in two surveys . Socialist Bernie Sanders leads Hillary Clinton by 12 and 14 points . [ The tracking polls , from    and ARG , have shown a bit of tightening in both races throughout the week . Movement so far , however , does n’t show any fundamental change in either race . Both Trump and Socialist Bernie Sanders look well positioned to win Both Trump and Sanders respective contests on Tuesday .   Among likely voters , Socialist Bernie Sanders currently leads Clinton   . Socialist Bernie Sanders margin among registered voters is even larger , though ,   . Socialist Bernie Sanders has polled in the    for much of the month of January . The tightening in the polls has been Clinton gaining some support from Clinton very low levels in previous polls . Socialist Bernie Sanders leads among both men and women . Clinton has made overt appeals to women based on Clinton potential to be the first female president . In New Hampshire , at least , overt appeals to women based on her potential to be the first female president are falling flat . Socialist Bernie Sanders leads among young voters by massive amounts . Among voters under 30 , Socialist Bernie Sanders beats Clinton . Voters aged    support Sanders    over Clinton Clinton Among seniors , aged 65 and over , Clinton Clinton by a large    margin . Socialist Bernie Sanders lead among young voters is much larger than even Obama achieved in 2008 . Even more promising for Socialist Bernie Sanders , the number of voters under 40 in 2008 was almost 3 times the number of voters 65 and older . On the Republican side , Trump leads with 35 percent , followed by Marco Rubio with 14 , Ted Cruz with 13 , and Jeb Bush and John Kasich tied with 10 percent each in the UMass tracking poll . Given the polls margin of error , though , all four trailing candidates are essentially tied for second place . In the ARG the UMass tracking poll leads Trump 34 , with Kasich and John Kasich tied for second with 17 and 16 percent respectively . Cruz and Bush are tied for 4th , with 9 and 8 percent . Trump has Trump polled in the mid to high 30s throughout January and December . The volatility in the race is all on the    position . The tightening in the race has not been the race any real    in support for Trump , Trump rather a consolidating of support for the second and third place candidates . While Rubio has gained the most support among the    candidates , his support is also the weakest Rubio Only 45 percent of his supporters say they will definitely Rubio him . Only 45 percent of his supporters solid majority , Rubio percent , say they could still change their minds A solid majority, 55 percent Another interesting aspect A solid majority, 55 percent Rubio ’s support is that he Rubio among young voters . Rubio is tied for 5th among voters Rubio 30 . He actually runs 5th for all age Rubio except seniors . He is actually tied with Trump among Rubio 65 and older . Rubio ’s supporters often herald him as Rubio for the " next Rubio . " He polls best though with the " last Rubio " and is relatively unpopular with young voters . The Republican race may see a lot of movement after Saturday ’s GOP debate . This movement is unlikely to show up in movement though , with the election on Tuesday . The election truly will be the next poll that the election on Tuesday 
 