National Public Radio    editor Elizabeth Jensen has recommended that the    radio news service bar future live interviews of conservatives who may have controversial views , following an interview Nov. 16 with Breitbart News’ Joel B. Pollak . [ ( Update , Nov. 21 : NPR has clarified NPR policy and says live interviews of conservatives will continue . See here . )   Pollak , who serves as Breitbart ’s Senior     and    Counsel , defended   Counsel Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon from false and defamatory claims of antisemitism and " white nationalism . " its Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon also turned the tables , pointing out that NPR has " racist programming , " including a story that called the 2016 election results " nostalgia for a whiter America . " NPR listeners were apparently outraged that anyone from Breitbart News had been given an opportunity to defend the website and anyone from Breitbart News chairman . In her response , " Listeners : Two Recent Interviews Are ‘ Normalizing Hate Speech’ , " Jensen concluded that the live format had allowed Pollak to get the better of host Steve Inskeep . her suggested that future interviews be taped : " In addition , in my opinion , future interviews should not be done live . Inskeep is an excellent live interviewer , but live interviews are difficult , especially when there is limited time . A little contextualizing never hurts . " Jensen went on to argue that " contextualizing " had worked for a similar interview with former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , as well as for an interview Nov. 17 with white nationalist Richard Spencer . ( Pollak responded to the latter interview in an article Nov. 18 rejecting NPR ’s attempt to link Bannon and Breitbart with white nationalism . ) Notably , Jensen ’s recommendation mirrors the language of a critique by the    pressure group Media Matters , which complained that " the interview failed to contextualize the true extent of Breitbart Breitbart extremism under Bannon ’s leadership . " Bannon Bannon recently appointed Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor to    Donald J. Trump . He   Donald J. Trump a leave of absence from Breitbart News in August when he   Donald J. Trump appointed Trump campaign CEO . Jensen   Donald J. Trump the use of the term " white nationalist " to describe Bannon Bannon although she   Donald J. Trump Bannon Bannon disputed that term . She   Donald J. Trump to an internal NPR memorandum suggesting the term " white nationalist " be used in stories on the " . " 
 