An    old boy was assaulted by several classmates in An   old boy Texas classroom , after An   old boy said An   old boy supported Donald Trump in a school   . [ School officials suspended the children suspected of the attack , which took place Nov. 9 at the Stafford intermediate school near Houston , Texas , according to Fox 26 .   " This is America , " said Mary Lemmon , the mother of attacked child . " Everyone has the right to Everyone own opinion , and Everyone should n’t be beat up for it . " " That ’s what America ’s about , " said attacked child ’s father Buddy Lemmon . " We had to respect the last election results , and I feel like everyone should respect this election ’s results . " The boy told Fox 26 that : These boys decided to ask the classroom , ‘ Who voted for Donald Trump?’ And then I said , ‘ I did.’ And then they These boys over here and jerked me out of my seat , " said the student . " Before I could get up they These boys kicking me and punching me    …      [ it ] felt like it it forever . The school ’s students are mostly poor , 5 percent white , 45 percent Hispanic , and 40 percent black , reflecting the expanding diversity of Texas since immigration rules were relaxed in 1965 . " 13 % of the Stafford Intermediate School students are ‘ limited in English proficiency.’ 59 % of the 527 students here are classified as " economically disadvantaged " and 69 % have subsidized lunches , " according to Zillow . com . A statement from the school said : The Stafford Municipal School District is investigating an altercation that took place on its The Stafford Municipal School District School campus on Wednesday morning . The students allegedly involved in the an altercation that took place on its Intermediate School campus on Wednesday morning been suspended , pending an investigation . Upon completion of the investigation an investigation will be applied in line with the District ’s Code of Conduct . The The Stafford Municipal School District diligently to ensure a safe environment for all students and staff and will not tolerate aggression of any kind . Technically , an " altercation " is an argument or disagreement , not an assault . Nationwide , examples of violent victimization have been rising since 2009 , after falling for the prior 16 years , according to a federal report .   Read the most recent federal report on school a federal report 