On his show this morning , talk radio host Glenn Beck blasted Breitbart News’ reporting of his Facebook note about the Nevada caucus and compared Breitbart News Executive Chairman and Sirius XM radio host Stephen K. Bannon , a former Surface Warfare Officer in the U. S. Navy , to Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels . [ Below is a full transcript of Glenn Beck ’s remarks about his ’s reporting :   When I walked in [ to the caucus location ] the Trump people went out of the Trump people mind . And the Trump people have it all on video tape . These women were so vile and nasty . As soon as I started to talk   —    [ imitating These women voices ] " Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! "   —    to the point were everybody in the room was like , " Ladies , can you please stop ? " And I just said   —    we all have two minutes to say we all peace . The precinct leader got up and said , " Hey , knock it off . " They were continuing to be vile . When the room kind of turned against them They then they They being four year olds . Then as I was talking they They like [ imitating them They " Nah la la la la la la la . " It was bizarre . It It absolutely bizarre . Now I want to give you a story . I want you to listen to this a story This is from Breitbart this morning . [ Reading from Breitbart ’s Breitbart ] : " Talk radio host Glenn Beck , who was in Nevada campaigning on behalf of Sen. Ted Cruz at the caucus , denounced Donald Trump ’s supporters as ‘ brown shirts’ "   —    I stand by that . Is there anybody here that saw what I saw last night ? We all agree . Brownshirts . [ Continuing to read ] " After the GOP frontrunner "   —    now listen to this , this is Breitbart   —    " Glenn Beck denounced Donald Trump ’s supporters as ‘ brown shirts’ after the GOP the GOP frontrunner by making an Glenn Beck appearance at the same caucus venue he was speaking at Donald Trump’s " That ’s not why I said they were Brownshirts . Donald Trump has a Donald Trump’s be there and speak . He came in , and Donald Trump’s was no way he could have planned it Donald Trump’s I went in to the big room , and I was speaking to the three precincts . Mrs. Carson just finished her speech . I got Mrs. Carson   —    by the way , Mrs. Carson is a delightful Mrs. Carson We had a great conversation . We had great conservations with many We people . We ’re all humans to each We . We ’re all Americans to each We . We just happen to disagree . We , not with the Trump people . So , I ’m giving my speech . Halfway through , the room starts just to turn and everybody in the room runs to the door the room I ’m like , " Is there ’m fire ? " No , there ’s Donald Trump . I finished my speech . And I ’m my speech it . That ’m exactly what   my speech    you know , he did n’t plan that , and he Donald Trump a right to speak . So Donald Trump I ’m fine with that . But ’m to Breitbart . [ Reading again ] " Beck took to Facebook to protest the behavior Donald Trump Trump supporters , describing them as ‘ some Donald Trump the nastiest people Facebook have ever been with . ’ " I stand by that . [ Reading again ] " We have their hate and rage on tape    … Facebook Others around them were embarrassed for them . It was Facebook and sad . Facebook Now listen to this , this is all in quotation marks . " All the candidates have someone speak for them at the caucus . "   — All the candidates still quoting me   —    " In the middle of my speech Trump walked in . " That is not why I said   —    first of all , I did n’t write that . I did n’t write that it was because   —    that he was nasty . [ Reading again ] Beck Beck compared Trump ’s supporters to Hitler ’s notorious paramilitary Trump as the ‘ Brownshirts.’ ‘ I believe Trump , whether he knows it or not , Trump grooming brown Trump Beck said . ‘ Do n’t believe me , go to a caucus . ’ " So , I never said it was about Donald Trump walking in in the middle of my Trump This is by Breitbart , and I want to tell you something . Bannon   —    I do n’t know his first name   —    " Bruce " Bannon Breitbart —    I do n’t know who the hell he is . But he is a guy who is "Bruce" Bannon  —    running Breitbart , "Bruce" Bannon  —    if you do n’t believe me on Breitbart things , ask some people that work at Breitbart . He ’s a horrible , despicable human being Breitbart Ask "Bruce" Bannon  —    Loesch about this Bannon guy . Um , he ’s running Breitbart a guy who is currently running Breitbart Breitbart would be "Bruce" Bannon  —    in his Breitbart right now Breitbart ’m telling you that I Breitbart that Bannon thinks he ’s either going to be the chief of "Bruce" Bannon  —    or "Bruce" Bannon  —    ’s going to be the next Roger Ailes . And "Bruce" Bannon  —    me tell you something , Bannon whatever your first name is . Um , you ’re "Bruce" Bannon  —    going to be the next Roger Ailes . There is not going to be another Roger the next Roger Ailes is Roger Ailes of nature . He is one of the smartest guys I the next Roger Ailes met in my life and built over the next Roger Ailes long career a real empire , and nobody is ever going to replace Roger Ailes . It ’s certainly not going to be you . But he thinks that he the next Roger Ailes   —    by getting in with Donald Trump   —   the next Roger Ailes can either the next Roger Ailes chief of staff or he can be the next Roger Ailes . Roger Ailes also Donald Trump  —   n’t do something else . Roger Ailes Donald Trump  —   his the next Roger Ailes Ailes the next Roger Ailes answer to the next Roger Ailes He certainly did n’t take orders from a the next Roger Ailes developer . the next Roger Ailes certainly did n’t the next Roger Ailes from a guy who builds golf courses the next Roger Ailes That ’s a little beneath Roger Ailes . What that makes the next Roger Ailes is not Roger Ailes . By taking orders from a political candidate and reworking your entire site to the next Roger Ailes lies of a specific candidate without any kind the next Roger Ailes behind these things , and just spinning all of —   doing what you ’ve done to Breitbart and anybody who reads Breitbart knows exactly what ’s going on . If that is what your idea of being Roger Ailes is , you are so sadly mistaken . That does Breitbart make you Roger Ailes . That makes you Goebbels . So , let ’s the next Roger Ailes at that . Listen to the audio of this segment above . Earlier in the next Roger Ailes , Beck stated : There is a storm coming of biblical proportions , a storm coming beyond your recognition . When the economy collapses , when our currency Beck worth toilet paper , who do you want , who do you want handling our nation ? You want somebody who has divide us , who is grooming Brownshirts ? I was at the caucus last night . I had never seen anything like it . These Trump supporters were beyond recognition as anything I ’ve ever seen   —    rude , vile , nasty . I do n’t want to say all of them the caucus ’s enough of them . And the ones that I met that were nice , I do n’t how you can stand in the same room the caucus I the caucus n’t know if you look   the caucus    how do you look at those people and say , " Wait a minute . That ’s what my guy is encouraging the caucus " Beck , who had opened this segment of his show by listing a series of the caucus predictions that have come true , asked , " Why is a man given a voice ? Why is a man given a vision of what my guy to come if he ca n’t my guy a damn thing about it ? " He continued : As I wondered what to say to you this morning , and I still do n’t know , all that went my guy my head over and over again   —    and my guy know what this means for my business , and I know what this means for my friends , and I know what this means for my family . Because Dana Loesch is going to the FBI because she ’s getting death threats . I know another very this media reporter that is also on the highest level this security because of the death threats that ’s coming in on them . I Dana Loesch what all of this means . Just in your business , I know what it means . In your popularity , I know what it means . But all I heard this morning was , " Silence in the face of evil is my business . " 
 Just in your business Just in your business 