Stephen K. Bannon ( or , for those who want to maximize those who want to maximize their SEO, Steve Bannon)   SEO , Steve Bannon )   —      Donald Trump ’s pick for White House chief strategist   —    made Donald Trump’s pet issues known long before joining Trump ’s insurgent presidential campaign . Now , Americans can reflect on what issues Stephen K. Bannon may take on within a Trump White House   —    and it does not look good for the culture of corruption in Washington , DC .   In January 2013 , Stephen K. Bannon appeared on Fox News’ Hannity with Government Accountability Institute ( GAI ) President Peter Schweizer for a special called " Boomtown . " This report , covered extensively in Breitbart at the time , shines a light on Breitbart view of what is wrong with our nation ’s capital . At the time , Breitbart was Executive Chairman of both Breitbart News and GAI . Breitbart and Schweizer argued that the " permanent political class " in Washington " extracts " power from the rest of the country so Bannon and Schweizer can make money without producing actual goods . " There is a business model there , " Schweizer says of DC . Some key quotes from Breitbart own words show that he Breitbart a former Wall Street banker , sees the problem as Washington controlling the money , " not that money controls Washington Washington : The rest of the country is in a financial and economic crisis . Much of the the country almost in a depression . And , yet , you have Washington Washington the three richest counties bordering it Washington out of top 10 , the big number , per capita income is now higher than Silicon Valley . The great technology engine in the United States .    …      And this is a bipartisan problem , this is this just beat down on Democrats although they have Democrats party of big government . This is this permanent   —    class that has now kind of formed an aristocracy . And that aristocracy an aristocracy ’s why nothing changes in Washington , that ’s why you have these budget debates . And like you said , you ’re talking about cuts and growth rates of budgets , not cut in the budgets . It ’s not a downside .    …      It ’s not It money controls Washington . Washington Washington the Washington . They have an the money logic to this business model just like any other business model . And that is to extract power from the rest of the country in money into centralized location which is Washington . With Washington ’s painting of a    on bipartisan corruption and politicians’    it is easy to see why establishment media is slinging so much mud at him right now Bannon 
 