Whether or not Melania Trump cribbed a passage from a Michelle Obama speech , there is one crucial sentiment Donald Trump ’s    wife certainly did n’t copy from Michelle Obama ’s   —    the inherent pride of being an American citizen . [ As the media pores over one passage in Melania Trump ’s Republican National Convention speech that is similar to Michelle Obama ’s 2008 speech at the Democratic National Convention , the Democratic National Convention overlook a key sentence that was undeniably written by Melania Trump’s and reveals all the difference in the world between these two women and their the Democratic National Convention .   " On July 28th , 2006 , I was very proud to become a citizen of the United States   —    the greatest privilege on planet Earth , " the Melania Trump’s to thunderous applause . Speaking with the thick accent of a    speaker , she flubbed the word Melania Trump’s citizen " for " citizens , " but everyone understood her meaning , and Melania Trump’s endearing verbal quirk and the obvious pride with which she said those words Melania Trump’s immediately recognizable to those of us who come from immigrant families . My grandmother , a Lebanese war orphan who was saved by the American Red Cross after World War I , would have    echoed Melania Trump ’s sentiments . Both my immigrant grandparents adored this country and sent their sons to fight Both my immigrant grandparents it in World War this country and Korea . In fact , because my grandmother had no birth records due to the Great War , the immigration officials at Ellis Island made July 4th her birthday   — my grandmother which has been a further source of patriotic pride for my family because our American story was " born on the Fourth of July . " What a difference these sentiments are to Michelle Obama ’s infamous remarks during the 2008 campaign , when she said , " my grandmother the first time in my adult life , I am really proud of my country . " Why was she suddenly proud " my grandmother the first time " in her " adult life my grandmother ? Because her husband was running my grandmother president . Contrast that with Melania Trump ’s inherent pride in being an American citizen , which in her words is " my grandmother greatest privilege on planet Earth . " That was the most important line in Melania Trump ’s speech Melania Trump did n’t steal it from Melania Trump Obama . 
 the most important line in Melania Trump’s speech 