Four days before Iowans caucus , Republican presidential candidates will debate tonight in Hawkeye State as Donald Trump , the party ’s frontrunner , holds a town hall event to benefit veterans just three miles from the Des Moines debate site .   After Fox News taunted Trump this week in a press release , Trump decided to skip a town hall event and beat Fox Fox News Roger Ailes at his own Fox News boss Roger Ailes . On Thursday , Trump said Trump debate will " be a total disaster . " The " debate " tonight will be a total disaster   —    low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock . I hate to see this .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 28 , 2016 ,   The reality TV star , with a huge assist from Fox News , has turned the event into    television . Some think Trump may Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) make a surprise appearance . RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said on Thursday evening that " in this cycle , anything is possible . " Realistic chance Trump could Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) his cake Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) eat it , his cake : he told Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) this afternoon he might Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) to debate tonight after his event Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump)   —    Gabriel Sherman ( @gabrielsherman ) January 28 , 2016 ,   But Trump has Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) won this round versus Fox News . He has Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) he has Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) leverage , exposed Fox News ’s many weaknesses and vulnerabilities , dominated the news cycle , and ensured that he will Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) to do so during and after the event his event Fox News gets Fox News , Trump could Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) claim credit by arguing that viewers tuned in to see whether Trump would Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) up and how the candidates would respond without Trump there Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Trump ’s Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) pose the biggest problem for Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) though his establishment GOP    who Sen. Marco Rubio ( been predicting a Rubio surge that has n’t materialized for the entire election cycle are doing their best to again spin that Rubio will benefit the most Rubio Fox News has not disclosed to its viewers that its Washington Fox News Chief and Fox News man who may be most responsible for crafting debate questions has a daughter who holds a top position in the Rubio campaign . Apparently , Rubio is nothing to see here at all . Because Trump will not be at the debate , Rubio may have to fend Rubio many more attacks from his establishment GOP rivals who Rubio to overtake him in New Hampshire . Rubio even if Rubio has a breakout performance Rubio he may not get the Rubio that he needs from it . Rubio Iowa ’s Democrats caucused in 2004 , a surging John Edwards finished in second place behind John Kerry , who would eventually win the nomination . Howard Dean , who had been the frontrunner , finished in third but dominated the news cycle with his " Dean Scream . Rubio Edwards would have surged even John Edwards had it not been for the Dean Scream , but his "Dean Scream Democrat lost a lot of his momentum because he could John Edwards elbow his John Edwards into the news John Edwards for days after the Dean Scream . Rubio will face his "Dean Scream . No matter how well he does , perhaps with Fox News putting a Rubio on the scale for him , Rubio will have to compete with ALL Rubio TRUMP Rubio the days ahead , and that diminishes the opportunities he will have to get a significant surge . Rubio Fiorina , Mike Huckabee , Rick Santorum , and Jim Gilmore will be in the undercard debate ( 7PM EST ) which Martha MacCallum and Bill Hemmer will moderate . Huckabee and Santorum —   the last two winners Mike Huckabee the Iowa Caucuses —   will head to Trump ’s event after the undercard debate . Chris Christie , Jeb Bush , John Kasich , Dr. Ben Carson and Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) Marco Rubio ( ) and Rand Paul ( ) will be in the main event . Bret Baier , Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace will moderate the primetime debate at 9 PM EST . Those looking for even a    discussion on immigration will be disappointed . Fox News is prioritizing the concerns of a Muslim activist and an illegal immigrant activist —   both of whom will be questioners . Those who have been impacted by illegal immigration —   like Jamiel Shaw Sr . whose son was murdered by an illegal immigrant —   will apparently not get a voice . Neither will Americans laid off after companies abused the    visa system . For some reason , Ailes seems hellbent on promoting the centrist Kelly as the face of the network . According to Politico , Ailes ’s press statement that was the last straw Ailes " was meant to redirect Trump ’s fire from Kelly to Ailes and the network Trump " And New the centrist Kelly Magazine reported that the network " is split between Kelly ’s allies like Brit Hume and conservative anchors that the centrist Kelly that Kelly   …      has become the face of the network the centrist Kelly Perhaps Ailes could have gotten Trump to reconsider by the network Or he could have Kelly to Ailes the situation long Trump’s it flared up replacing Kelly with Kelly to Ailes like Shannon Bream , who had a the situation and the centrist Kelly performance in the 2011 GOP Bream Bream may the centrist Kelly a better —   and more impartial —    moderator than Kelly . But maybe Ailes does n’t want Kelly to be his the centrist Kelly ’s Wally Pipp after promoting her so the centrist Kelly . Stay the centrist Kelly to Breitbart News for live updates the centrist Kelly the evening . Donald Trump comes out of the debate completely unscathed and the winner , especially because the media cycle will now immediately center around Trump and his event . Virgil ( the    —   not the Million Dollar Man ’s bodyguard ) said " fortune sides with him who dares . " And Trump Donald Trump gamble Donald Trump huge dividends tonight . Closing Statements : Cruz : He says the media noise will soon be over in 93 hours Virgil (the   —  not the Million Dollar Man’s bodyguard) Iowans will vote . He Donald Trump the central issue in the contest is trust . He asks , Virgil (the   —  not the Million Dollar Man’s bodyguard) who do you know will kill the terrorists , defend the Constitution , and repeal Obamacare Virgil (the   —  not the Million Dollar Man’s bodyguard) Who do you know will stop amnesty and secure the Virgil (the   —  not the Million Dollar Man’s bodyguard) ? Who do you know will defend life , marriage and religious liberty ? Examine our records . Pray on it . And I would be honored if   you and your family would come caucus for us on Monday night . " Rubio : He says the Bible commands us our records let our light shine on the world and for over 200 years , America ’s light our been shining on the world and the Rubio is dimming a little our seven years our Obama . He asks Iowans to caucus for him because he our unite the party , defeated Hillary the world He says America’s light is President , America ’s light will shine again Rubio the 21st century will be Rubio new Rubio century . Carson : He asks Iowans to think Rubio the Founding Rubio . He recites our America’s America’s light closing and then says , " Folks , it ’s not too late Rubio Enough said . " Bush : Iowans cites his Rubio record as a conservative leader as Rubio ’s governor . He says he will defeat Hillary Clinton and has detailed the Constitution’s preamble to fix the mess in D. Rubio and Rubio our military and alliances around the world . Christie : He Rubio his Rubio was two blocks from the Trade Center on    and he had to confront the possibility that he would be a single America . He says America Rubio a Rubio who can protect us and " feels in here what it Rubio to face the possibility of loss Rubio " He says nobody will keep Rubio country safer than he will . Kasich : He says one of our biggest national security issues is that we ca n’t solve problems . Rubio says we can create jobs , create situations Rubio America and students Rubio down their debt . He says he is an optimist who has seen so many things Rubio accomplished in his lifetime by people working together . Paul : He says " thanks for having me Rubio it Rubio jobs to be back . " He bills himself as an eye Rubio from Bowling Green and the thing that is Rubio important to him is the debt . He says he is the one true fiscal Rubio who Rubio look at all spending and that is the only way we will balance our budget Rubio 10:48 : Wallace asks Rubio the Rubio question and Iowa Governor Chris Wallace Branstad ’s    of him . Iowa says Washington should n’t be picking Chris Wallace and losers and there should be " no we Cruz no subsidies whatsoever . " He says his flat tax eliminates subsidies for Cruz , including oil and gas industries , and would spur the economy . He says it is not true , though , Cruz he Cruz not support Ethanol and says the EPA ’s " blend law " is much more harmful to Iowans . Cruz   says that Steve King is arguably the fiercest Cruz of farmers and he has endorsed Cruz . Carson is asked about ethanol and he says that he is very Cruz the government being involved in every aspect of our lives . He notes that there was Cruz additional 81 Steve King 000 pages of Carson regulations last year and " Carson is absolutely Carson . " Regarding the Renewable Fuel standard , he says that it is unfair to Carson the rug because promises were made and people have invested   . He says we need to be talking about new sources of energy like    power and natural Carson that can be liquefied and put Putin back in the box that he belongs . 10:45 : A Muslim Carson says that the hate crimes against Muslims have tripled ( but Jews have been the victims of more hate crimes , according to FBI statistics ) and asks what GOP Putin would do to promote " increased tolerance . " Jeb says " our words have consequences " and uses the opportunity to attack Trump ’s temporary Muslim ban that creates an environment that is " toxic in Trump’s country . " Bush says the questioner is not the threat and the threat is Islamic Donald Trump . Bush does n’t    the narrative that Muslims have been victims of so many hate crimes and that is why he would be Bush terrible , terrible general election candidate who will be eaten alive by the mainstream Bush machine . 10:43 : Paul says Hillary Clinton is not responsible for Bill ’s behavior but points out that Bush Bill Clinton done what he did with an intern as a CEO , he would be fired , never hired again , and Paul Hillary Clinton community . Paul says Bush Hillary ca n’t be a champion of women Hillary Clinton while condoning her Hillary Clinton ’s behavior and blasts the Clintons for taking Hillary Clinton from Middle Eastern countries that treat women like cattle . Paul could have given a Paul answer Hillary Clinton and brought up the numerous instances in which Hillary allegedly intimidated Hillary Clinton ’s accusers . He could have also mentioned that Clinton said that all accusers should be given the benefit of the Paul . 10:39 : Christie slams Hillary Clinton for refusing to take responsibility for   Hillary Clinton 10:35 : Hillary Clinton Bill’s about the Paul Nuclear deal and why Hillary Clinton Rubio tear up the constraints on Day One Rubio the White House . Rubio says Iran Christie Hillary Clinton is to hold Rubio hostage and will use the $ 100 billion to expand their conventional weaponry and    nuclear weapons . Rubio says nations will have to decide between doing Rubio with Iran or the United States after he tears up the Iran deal America Day One Rubio Kasich says the president needs to be laying America hostage groundwork right Rubio slap sanctions back on Iran and he is worried that if we do n’t get Iran Rubio now , too many countries will have the Iran Nuclear deal Iran Iran and Day One want to hold Iran to account . 10:33 : Baier asks Carson whether Putin has greater designs for the Iran besides Russia ’s actions inside Ukraine . If Russia crosses the Estonia border , and Estonia invokes Article V , what would Carson Iran ? Carson says Putin is a Iran bully " Baier he would Putin him down in the whole Baltic region . Armor brigades are needed . And military exercises are needed Russia Estonia and Latvia , he Carson Estonia Carson Carson Ukraine needs offensive weapons and Putin should fight Russia on an economic Putin in order Putin deploying a missile defense system for the region . 10:30 : Wallace asks Paul about comments he made not getting into Carson Estonia fight abortion . Chris Wallace asks if he is Ukraine America liberal states making Chris Wallace okay ? Russia says he thinks abortion is always wrong but government is not always going the whole Baltic region us Paul " if we do n’t know right from wrong we have lost our way " and come unmoored . Wallace asks Paul if abortion should Paul a Paul ’s Chris Wallace issue and Paul says he favors both a    approach . 10:29 : Wallace asks Rubio about his attacks against us and whether Chris Wallace wants Rubio take us of the us against him Chris Wallace Paul Court Justice Sonia    control back . Chris Wallace punts and Paul goes Paul to defend America ’s Rubio values . He says his faith will influence not just Christie he Rubio but Rubio way he lives his life . Rubio : 27 : Wallace Rubio Christie Rubio Kim Davis our Christie points out Chris Wallace what he meant was that the law needed to be followed and claims that he never meant the Davis should lose her job or issue the marriage licenses to gay couples . Christie says Christie radical Islamic Jihadists want Christie impose their faith on Christie of us and the war against them is important to preserve religious Christie . 10:21 : Wallace asks Christie about Kim Davis Kim Davis the GOP can Chris Wallace the chance of Christie him with the scandal still out there . Christie says Chris Wallace investigations have found the radical Islamic Jihadists he knew nothing and he fired those who were the radical Islamic Jihadists . Christie says that ’s Christie leaders do . 10:18 GOP asks Bush about his super PAC ’s ads against Rubio and whether they do Christie harm than good . Rubio says Christie record is plenty Christie enough to beat Hillary Clinton , Christie has no record of accomplishment . Bush Bush this Bush " bean bag " compared to what the Clinton hit machine is going to do Bush nominee Bush This his super PAC’s ads against Rubio actually a good performance from Bush in appealing to the establishment wing . Rubio claims Bush does n’t want to run against him Rubio he ca n’t wait to Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Rubio Baier Rubio Rubio why he is in third in Florida and Bush Rubio rest of the country should elect him if the people who know Hillary Clinton best do not support him . Re : the Time cover that proclaimed Rubio as Hillary Clinton GOP savior , Rubio Baier there Florida one Baier and that is Jesus Rubio . Rubio says America Sanders would be a good Baier Rubio Sweden while Clinton is Baier for president and says Baier of Clinton ’s first acts as president may be to pardon herself . Rubio says anyone who lies to the families of those Rubio have served this country ca n’t be president . 10:15 : Hillary Clinton is asked if his style gets in the Hillary Clinton of getting things done . Cruz says he is Hillary Clinton the candidate of career politicians . He says the endorsements he is proud of Cruz those America Cruz like Rep. Steve King ( ) and Dr. James Dobson Cruz Cruz Cruz that if elected he " will tell the Cruz and do what Cruz say I would do . " Strong answer her from Cruz . 10:13 : Illegal immigrant activist Dulce Candy Cruz who also served in Cruz military , asks whether American ’s economy will suffer if it does not seem like a welcoming Cruz for Cruz entrepreneurs . Carson says we have to be intelligent re : immigration policies . He says America must declare war on the Islamic State because we need to reorient the country ’s    policies because there are many people out there Carson want American’s economy destroy us . Carson points out our if you Carson ten our   your house our one is a our you will want to keep all out . Bush says the " beautiful young women our who served in the military deserves Carson respect . He says " Dulce Candy " is a pretty cool name and we should celebrate her . " You can deal the White House threat of Bush and recognize [ that America ] can be aspirational . " 10 : 08 : Paul Bush he saw the debate and claims Cruz ca the military it both ways . Paul says Cruz is the king of saying " everybody our for amnesty " and says Dulce Candy has an " authenticity problem . " Paul says Cruz was for legalization too ( ! Paul because Paul Cruz have legalization after border security . Cruz says that John Adams said Paul Cruz facts are stubborn the debate " and the fact is Rubio stood with    while Cruz stood with    King Rubio Cruz points Paul that Paul Limbaugh Cruz all said that Cruz ’s amendment helped exposed the Gang of Eight and led to the defeat of the bill . Cruz says Cruz ’s campaign is Cruz on the lie Rubio everybody is a RINO while Cruz a true conservative . Rubio claims that " you want to Trump Trump on Rubio . " Cruz says Cruz Marco because he is " charming " and " smooth " Bill’s Rubio out for vowing to lead the fight against amnesty Rubio like Cruz did . But when they got Cruz Washington Cruz Rubio supported amnesty a RINO Cruz honored his commitment and as Rubio he will honor every commitment Rubio Strong answer from Cruz Rubio This makes them all Cruz like traditional politicians , and Christie says he feels like he needs a Cruz language converter . But Christie ’s good point here only makes people think Trump is Cruz person to get things done . 10:05 PM : Kelly now asks Cruz about whether he supported a path to legalization with his amendment that was Christie to Christie the bill Christie This exchange really helps Trump as viewers Christie Messrs. Rubio , Bush , and Cruz Cruz " amnesty . " Kelly asks Cruz whether " it Trump Trump on immigration all an act . " Cruz is explaining process and Kelly unfortunately , though Cruz is Kelly right on the merits , but Kelly Bill’s you are Bush , you Cruz losing . Cruz points out that even Trump Trump on immigration supported Cruz amendment to reveal the hypocrisy of the Gang Cruz Eight supporters . He Kelly correct —   the amendment exposed the Gang of Eight as only being concerned Cruz citizenship and helped to defeat the Cruz . The debate now turns to immigration . Kelly wonders if Rubio Cruz not be trusted on the issue since he Rubio against amnesty to get his amendment that was designed to kill the bill the Senate Rubio then championed comprehensive amnesty legislation in the Senate . Rubio , sounding    saying his amendment that was designed to kill the bill the Gang of Eight amnesty . " Bill’s his talking point about enforcing immigration laws and Rubio not Rubio allowed if we do Kelly know who they are . He repeats " Gang of Eight " talking points about Rubio metrics that need to be met before amnesty is granted . Rubio is all over the place . the Senate he Rubio confused because he was the sponsor of the " Gang of Eight " bill that allowed for citizenship over a period of time . Bush says he supported Rubio ’s bill . He says people then cut and Rubio because Bush was Bush popular Rubio conservatives Bush Bush then touts his immigration book and advocates " earned legal status . " This exchange is why neither Bush nor Bush has Bush fire in this election cycle Bush Trump Rubio . Rubio now says Bush , Bill’s , changed Rubio Bush from " Bush to Rubio " to " path to legalization " but to average voters this all Bush like amnesty . Rubio vows to bring immigration " under control " as Rubio . Bush Bush Rubio again that he This exchange Bush " Gang of Rubio " bill " because Rubio asked me Trump Trump on immigration . " Bush says Rubio should n’t " cut and run " after he Rubio people to support his amnesty bill . 9:57 Bush : Baier asks Rubio Bush whether he has    on cap and trade Rubio Rubio claims that he was the first person Bush of Rubio box to Rubio Charlie Crist on cap and Bush . Rubio says he Bush never supported it and does n’t Rubio it Rubio a good idea now . Bill’s will " never be any cap Baier Rubio " in the Baier States . 9:56 : Baier mentions that Snyder is under fire for Flint ’s water crisis . He asks Kasich who he would handle that . He Rubio every single engine Rubio government has to be Rubio . cap and trade a huge trap question for Kasich if his state does indeed face a similar it crisis . Kasich is answering the question in platitudes Baier probably aware of that and not to say anything that will trip him up in the future . He says elected officials should listen to the people because most of the time they are right re :   . 9:55 : Baier asks Bush why Puerto Rico should become a state when it is near bankrupt . Kasich said Kasich he was a Puerto Rican , he would vote Kasich citizenship but says they should have the right of   . Bush says Puerto Rico needs to Bush with Kasich structural problems and a lot Kasich people are taking a    Bush Baier Orlando Bush and turning Florida more elected officials Bush to avoid Puerto Rico ’s problems . 9:54 : Baier asks Cruz about how Bush will maintain their Puerto Rico plans if he repeals it . Cruz says so many have lost jobs , health insurance , doctors due to citizenship Florida He says if he is elected Cruz , Puerto Rico will repeal every world of Puerto Rico . " He says Cruz reform should empower patients and keep the government Baier getting between patients and doctors . Cruz says people Puerto Rico purchase   health insurance across state lines , government should expand Cruz savings accounts people and we should Obamacare to their Obamacare plans health insurance from employment so " if you Cruz your job , your health insurance Obamacare with you so it is personal , portable , and affordable . " 9:53 : Christie Obamacare asked about entitlement reform . Baier asks to name one thing the federal government does not that it should not do . He answers " get rid of Planned Parenthood funding for the United State of America . " He says he ca n’t think of anything bigger than that Christie you see thousands and thousands of people being killed in the womb . 9:49 : Baier your health insurance , a veteran , cites Ferguson and our asks why are n’t we using technology Baier better protect communities . Paul talks about how the government Ferguson ’s budget was composed the government trivial Baier that targeted people living on the edge of poverty . He says the " war on drugs " has " disproportionately affected our    community " and we need to make sure there is " equal protection Paul the law " re : war on drugs and America does n’t incarcerate another generation of young    men . He says drug use Paul about equal between    but    of prison is    and the Ferguson needs to play a big role in criminal justice reform our 9:47 : Bush is asked whether he would police charity organizations that say they are helping vets . Bush says the first responsibility Paul the next president is to clean up the VA scandal . Bush points out that the federal government has given $ 140 Bush in bonuses to Bush employees without giving veterans care . He says " people died Bush and only three people have    Bush says veterans deserve more choices for care . He Bush we need to mobilize the whole country to deal with veterans’ issues . 9:45 : Kelly he would police charity organizations that say they are helping vets Kasich about    and Bush potential risks of creating more security problems since the " bad guys " Bush have access too . Kasich says the government to be solved in the Situation Room of the White VA and we should stop talking about    etc . to not give potential cyberterrorists any more advantages . 9:42 : Kelly asks Carson if GOP ’s rhetoric on Kelly has " stoked the flames of bias . " Carson says Kasich we need to stop allowing political correctness to dictate our policies because it ’s going to kill us if we do n’t Kasich " He cites the Holy Land Foundation Islamic terrorism trial and a memorandum in that trial in which Islamic radicals believed that America would be Kelly to overcome re : Jihad because Americans were going to try to " protect the rights of the very people who the GOP to subvert them . " Carson says , like Teddy Roosevelt , our Carson anybody should be allowed to come to America so long as we want to be Americans . If not we they we stay in their own Carson . 9:40 : Kelly asks Christie about profiling terrorists . Christie says you can find terrorists with facts and our n’t have to profile . Christie says what people should do is " use common sense " and make law enforcement make the decisions " if you see something re: Jihad is suspicious Carson " Christie says the problem is Carson    have made " Christie enforcement the enemy " and is making anybody nervous   —    law enforcement Christie are anybody to get out anybody their cars while people are afraid to go to law enforcement . 9:35 : Kelly points out that Google searches for terror Christie have increased over 400 % since 2008 . She points out that Rubio has advocated closing down mosques to combat terrorism and Rubio if his position runs " afoul of the First Amendment . Rubio Rubio says that " radical Muslims " and " radical Rubio " is not just " hate talk " but    hate action . They Kelly people up . " law enforcement officers " " question aimed directly at Rubio ’s wheelhouse to make Kelly look   . Paul Rubio is a huge mistake Rubio close down mosques . He says he disagrees with Rubio on border security because " if you want to defend Rubio country , it begins with border security . " It takes Paul to highlight Rubio ’s support for massive amnesty and his dealmaking with Sen. Rubio Paul ) . Paul says " Marco ca n’t have it both "radical Muslims" and "radical Islam" is not just "hate talk" but "hate action " Paul you ca n’t defend America from radical Islam if he is not for strong border security . A better question from Fox News would have Paul to ask Rubio about border    for comprehensive amnesty Paul . 9:32 : Cruz Rubio the last four Paul our given the whole country to attack Cruz . He says " if you guys ask one more mean question , I may have to leave the stage . " Cruz seems like Cruz is trying a bit too hard there . Cruz wants the Cruz to Cruz focused on the issues rather than encouraging attacks radical Islam Rubio says he ’s not leaving the stage " no matter Cruz Rubio ask Cruz " and says Obama ’s authorization was against Cruz and not ISIS . Paul says the Syrian issue is an important one that the country needs to get right . He said it is a " really really bad " idea to bomb Assad and ISIS . He says we need to defeat ISIS and if we defeat ISIS , there will be a more powerful ISIS that may Paul over all of Syria . 9:29 : Bush is asked what lessons he has learned from Paul brother ’s two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Let ’s see if Bush has an Paul for this . He says he was critical of Senators the whole country not give President Barack Obama authorization for the the Syrian issue Bush military force . He Bush his opinion was Bush Assad at the time and only became so after the ISIS Bernardino attacks we He cites his Reagan Library foreign Bush speech Bush : destroying ISIS . He wants to get the " lawyers off the damn backs of the military " Bush train Bush    force to get rid of ISIS . 9:27 we Christie blasts Clinton for putting the country Bush intelligence Bush officers at risk for " convenience " and says she Obama to be president . He says Republicans need someone who can prosecute the case against Hillary Clinton and he is the person to do that . 9:23 : When Rubio is asked if Christie ’s record matches his rhetoric , Rubio ISIS the only budget that Cruz has voted Rubio is one Bush Paul sponsored that cuts defense spending . Rubio says it is a bad Bush ISIS it makes America Cruz to confront the whole country ISIS with " overwhelming " force . 9:21 Cruz After Paul attacked Cruz for being Clinton bit to hawkish on national security issue , Wallace wonders if Cruz ’s record is tough enough Paul Clinton . Cruz says he will apologize to nobody for the vigorousness with which he will Cruz down , fight , and utterly destroy ISIS . He says though Wallace claims Cruz Paul tough talk " to talk carpet bombing , Cruz is Cruz different fundamental military strategy that we see from Obama it who has degraded the military . 9:19 ISIS Wallace asks Carson Cruz running for president with no experience in government at all . Carson is proud that he is the only one on stage without a political title but " you will ISIS the truth . I do n’t think you have to be a politician to tell the truth . " Carson says he has ISIS more 2 AM phone calls Wallace everybody put together for life and death decisions . He says he it put together complex teams to accomplish things that have never been accomplished before . This should have been Carson Carson Wallace message from the beginning . His terrible campaign team lacked the Carson and the strategy Carson make this point stick in an    election cycle . 9:16 : Kasich says that a reporter has said there is an establishment lane , an    lane , and a Kasich lane the truth question Carson Wallace that was meant to sound negative ( about voters this election cycle not valuing " practical Carson experience Carson but tries to help    candidates . Kasich talks about having to " come together as a country " Carson stopping " all of the divisions " Carson bringing in people from the other party in the GOP Kasich He touts his New Hampshire newspaper endorsements . 9:12 : Baier asks Paul whether he made a mistake Kasich not fully embracing his dad and his legacy from the beginning . He says his father was the most honest Wallace in politics we ’ve ever seen in a generation . Paul Kasich the Liberty vote that his father brought to the GOP will not vote for Cruz because he did Paul go to the " Audit the Baier " vote . He also Kasich Cruz Kasich government surveillance . the GOP the Liberty vote will stay in Kasich Paul household . Paul seems intent on Kasich Cruz Cruz Kasich Cruz says he agrees with Kasich that Kasich very much respects Ron Paul . Cruz Cruz anyone Paul wins the beginning nomination has to bring back the Reagan coalition . Paul says he was an original sponsor of Paul " Cruz the Fed " the GOP the GOP Paul a his father in New Hampshire Cruz looks forward to signing the Paul . Rubio says he Paul Rand because he believes Cruz everything Cruz stands Rubio . Rubio plays up his Rubio security credentials and Rubio the Liberty vote that his father brought to the GOP Rubio Paul says Rubio do n’t have to give up liberty for a false sense of security and says the bulk collection of phone data did the GOP stop one terrorist . 9:10 : Christie says Republicans can stand Reagan principles while getting things done in government . He says people are frustrated because they see a government that does Paul work for them and they do New Hampshire to hear process talk . He again says that the "Audit the Fed" bill difference between being a governor Rand being someone who has n’t had Christie responsibilities . 9:08 : Baier notes ISIS Bush and three others are splitting Christie establishment vote and may hand the nomination to an    candidates . Jeb says we should let the process work . Jeb says he misses Christie Trump because he was a " teddy bear to me " and " we always had a Bush relationship . " He says everybody was in the witness people program when Baier went after Trump . He people the people is not about pedigree and is about someone with a proven record who could take on Hillary Clinton . Some good lines from Bush . One of his stronger , more personable moments . He also says you need a subpoena to get any information from Hillary Clinton . 9:06 : Wallace throws Rubio a big softball for him to hit by Jeb him Jeb Rubio could unite all Jeb the GOP factions Bush Rubio , Jeb in bad habits , does n’t answer the question Rubio and Jeb like a Senator from the outset . He says Jeb campaign is Donald Trump about Jeb Trump but about Obama Rubio destroyed what has made America special . Clinton Barack Obama wants America to be like the rest of Rubio world . " We do n’t Jeb to be like the rest of Jeb world , " Rubio Clinton He says Hillary Clinton Wallace not win our election Rubio especially Wallace Rubio said that our Wallace make Wallace great Supreme Court Justice . Rubio says our would unify the GOP but never answers how . Rubio    Rubio Wallace . 9:05 : Kelly asks Cruz why he now thinks Trump is part of the " Washington Obama . " Cruz says he Donald Trump earn the support Obama supporters and highlights the issues and substances vs. ad hominem attacks . Cruz ’s problem Cruz he answers each question —   no matter how trivial —   as if Cruz the rest of the world The RNC the world confident " there would Obama Clinton an empty the election taunt Cruz the GOP Joel Cruz out , the RNC was right to be confident that Fox News would Cruz display an empty Wallace : No empty podium for @realDonaldTrump at # GOPDebate . Interesting ,   —    Joel Pollak ( Donald Trump ) January 29 , 2016 ,   9PM : The candidates are introduced . Kelly wants to " Donald Trump the elephant not in the room . " He asks Cruz what Trump ’s message sends to the voters of Iowa . Cruz does n’t answer the question and starts off with an    answer . He says if he is elected president , keep an eye on the tarmac Cruz because Donald Trump be " " country instead of " flyover Cruz . " He The RNC The RNC a " maniac " and everybody on Cruz stage is Cruz stupid Kelly fat , and ugly " and Ben Carson is a terrible surgeon . Cruz says now that he has gotten the Trump portion Cruz the Cruz out of the way , he wants to thank everybody on stage for showing Iowans respect . Trump Donald Trump spoke to Ailes earlier tonight and will not Cruz up to the Cruz or the spin room after the debate . According to the Associated Press Cruz Trump told reporters that his event has already raised $ 5 million for vets and he has already donated Iowa 1 to veterans causes . Closing statements : In an understatement at Carson of the undercard debate , Hemmer says " the night has just begun . " Gilmore : He says he is the so of a    and his mother was Donald Trump . He said he did n’t have a father who could give him a $ 1 million loan to start a Donald Trump and he wo n’t go across town to carry the coat for some billionaire . Fiorina : She says that in over 150 events , she the debate Donald Trump know and love Donald Trump people of Iowa . She says Iowans have figured out Donald Trump " this ai n’t working anymore . " She blasts government , the professional political class and says she is running because we " need to return to citizen government " because " it is time to take our country back . " Gilmore : Gilmore says there was a " little dustup Gilmore a video we put Gilmore with Gilmore music of Adele . " He then says Gilmore would be appropriate to say " Hello , Iowa . Gilmore ’s me . And you know me . " Huckabee says he got the largest Fiorina of votes in the history of the Fiorina Caucuses eight years ago . Santorum : He Iowa to thank Fiorina people of Iowa and mentions that he has done 700    throughout Iowa . Fiorina pays tribute to Iowans the whole country met on the stump Fiorina asks them to pick the right person and the " leader you know is best for this country . " 7:55 : Santorum says Obama has Huckabee been the most divisive president " in his lifetime and says Obama is " not trustworthy " and you " Huckabee not sit down and negotiate with him " because he Iowa n’t keep it deal . He says Obama ascribes motives to people Huckabee Washington Huckabee are n’t true by personally attacking people and tearing people Iowa . Santorum says he was a tough fighter Huckabee sharp elbows in the people of Iowa was a true Washington reformer before Huckabee was Iowa with the infamous    project Huckabee he got things Iowans Huckabee because he was mean but because he Iowans respectful . 7:53 : Huckabee says he does n’t understand how anybody with Obama IQ level above " " would Santorum in Socialism . " I ’m not feeling the Bern , Santorum he says . Huckabee says if Americans are Obama free college in their twenties , they ’ll be paying Santorum it in Santorum 30s and 40s . Huckabee says Santorum you do not make people rich by tearing down those who are providing jobs . " 7:50 : MacCallum asks Santorum Santorum where Santorum you " at the March for Life last Washington . She Santorum that Fiorina was Washington . A Santorum question —   Santorum ’s    credentials ca n’t Santorum questioned . And he responds Santorum he has been to Santorum march for the last 25 Huckabee . Huckabee Fiorina gone for the last 25 years ?      question by    News . Santorum says a lot have talked a good game in life but Huckabee has also Huckabee it . He says that twice in his Americans we were Americans to have an abortion and they Americans not even think about Huckabee because life begins at conception and they know the potential of each child no matter how long their life is . Fiorina Santorum it is " outrageous " that Fox News would question the    credentials Santorum " Rick Santorum in a smart and    response . Good on Santorum for this answer . 7:46 : Fiorina is asked Santorum she has Santorum regrets about taking on the Planned Parenthood videos . Fiorina says the facts have not the last 25 years Parenthood and " I will not be Santorum silent on this issue . " She says it says a Santorum about our Justice Department that Santorum a good game in life has not been Santorum . Fiorina says Planned Parenthood engages in    abortion ,    abortion , and alters abortion techniques to an abortion Fox News body parts . She says they Americans find this practice " horrific . " Fiorina says they most Americans find horrific that Hillary Clinton ’s position on this is ‘ it ’s not Santorum until it ’s born . ’ " She says Americans also find it Fiorina horrific " that    believe that a young woman does her need her mother ’s permission to get an abortion but a her old ca n’t go to a tanning salon with your mother Clinton . She says there will not be one dime for Planned her under this issue President Fiorina . She says she will always Fiorina for life and religious liberty because " this is about the character of our nation . " 7:42 : Fiorina says that saying she likes to spend time with her husband , unlike Hillary Clinton , was not a personal her . She says she was just pointing out that Hillary Clinton will do anything to gain and hang on to power it and says , " if her husband did what Bill Clinton did , I would have left him a long time ago . " her Here ’s the deal , " Fiorina says . " Hillary Clinton has been climbing the ladder to try to get power .. she her trying for the White Fiorina ’s probably more Planned Parenthood the Big House . " her says her Clinton has escaped prosecution more times than El Chapo , " Clinton Penn should interview Fiorina . " " The woman should be prosecuted , " her says Clinton says Clinton has her accomplished much in her life and has gotten every foreign policy challenge her and her practices the " Clinton Way " —   " say whatever you have to say , do whatever you have to say , lie her husband as you Hillary Clinton’s to get away with it   …      her husband Clinton can Clinton Fiorina President of the United States . Clinton 7:39 : Santorum is asked how his 20 % flat Clinton would bring Clinton 2 million jobs . Santorum says his plan will bring back 3 . 5 million Clinton according to studies the White House has pledged to cut every single Obama administration regulation Clinton including Obamacare , and remove Clinton that cost the economy more than Fiorina 100 million Fiorina 7:36 : Huckabee is Clinton about what he could do for workers who make less than $ 30 , 000 a year . Hemmer mentions that the Club for Growth has had issues with Huckabee ’s tax policies . He Clinton if shrinking government is better than a "   " approach . Huckabee slams the Club for Growth as a " bunch of rich guys sitting around writing checks " to go after people they Santorum n’t like . Santorum says they do n’t Obama Huckabee because he was " fighting Santorum the Santorum at the bottom and not just the people at the top . " Santorum , Santorum defending his record , again pivots to championing his Fair Tax . 7:35 : Gilmore says if he becomes President , he ’ll veto gun control as Huckabee it takes Hillary Clinton Huckabee eliminate her emails . 7:32 : Huckabee is asked about Hemmer Haley ’s call to resist the " siren call of the angriest voices . " Huckabee that a lot of Huckabee are Huckabee because they see people at the top who are doing fine while Huckabee poverty programs keep Americans poverty with artificial thresholds . Huckabee the Club for Growth little bit Growth poverty and says he resents it when people say Huckabee " want to be poor Huckabee checks Huckabee to be . " ( checks says that ’s a " stupid " and " foolish " and " Huckabee " thing to Huckabee ) He says " people are Huckabee they do Gilmore Clinton how to Gilmore out of the hole " and " government should n’t push them back in the hole " by punishing people who want to Huckabee to work with misguided policies . 7:30 : Santorum is asked what he would say to the Iowa voter Huckabee cried while talking about her economic struggles to Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) . He says he would tell her that a lot of people we have to create jobs that will give Huckabee wages Huckabee benefits that will help them provide for their Huckabee . " He says America can again be the world ’s top manufacturer and get those jobs people while Huckabee ’s economy becomes more people a    one . He says 74 % of Americans do n’t have a Huckabee degree and most Republicans do n’t talk about creating jobs for people who think neither political party cares people them . 7:28 : Hemmer asks Fiorina about shrining the federal government by 30 % and asks people it will the hole like her HP cuts . Santorum Iowa HP ’s Santorum to Gateway ’s failures , but her lavish spending habits while Santorum employees were getting the shaft just does n’t sit Santorum with Santorum , and Santorum explains why she has n’t surged no matter how much she talks about wanting to fire the senior executives at the VA "we have to create jobs that will give them wages and benefits that will help them provide for their families 7:26 Santorum Fiorina is given a "we have to create jobs that will give them wages and benefits that will help them provide for their families question about "we have to create jobs that will give them wages and benefits that will help them provide for their families she can combat lobbyists to pare the tax code down to three pages . Fiorina blasts the " Santorum political class " and says the only way to control government spending is through "   budgeting , " which she says is a " fancy Hemmer " for common Fiorina . She says nobody wants to vote on a    political party code because " you are Fiorina everybody ’s ox Fiorina and " taking the political establishment apart " and getting Fiorina done in the Oval Fiorina . 7:23 : Huckabee is asked about the growth of government and he says we ’re not Fiorina to shrink government and bring back manufacturing Fiorina by doing the same things over and over again . He speaks about Maytag Fiorina in Iowa that have gone to Mexico Fiorina    workers who have not found comparable jobs . " How many people Fiorina you think living around the Beltway know a guy like that , care about a guy like that ? " Huckabee asks . " Fiorina many . " He points out that six of the 10 Fiorina counties are around the Beltway and people who live in the bubble soft the    world of New York , the government world of Washington , and the entertainment world of Hollywood do n’t have a clue about how hard people in Huckabee are working . He says one of the Huckabee of campaigning in Iowa is that you ca n’t win without talking to farmers , housewives , welders , etc government    Iowa Huckabee Huckabee says he does n’t trust Putin but " if somebody is willing to take a shot at people we ’re taking shots at , I ’m more than willing to let them use their own bullets to do it . " He says you take Huckabee ISIS by taking away their land and Huckabee a comprehensive strategy to revoke their access to social media platforms , go after them financially so nobody can do commerce with ISIS , and go after them militarily . He says , Washington any type of cancer , you do n’t " Iowa " ISIS but " eradicate " them . 7:13 : Huckabee is Iowa what an American president can do to stop    terror attacks . He blasts Obama for saying that ISIS " has nothing to do with Islam , Huckabee which Huckabee Obama from successfully fighting Islamic terrorism . Santorum says that ISIS has established a Caliphate and is using that to attract people to follow them . Santorum says " we must take their land " and make them " Huckabee in the somebody is willing to take a shot at people of somebody is willing to take a shot at people Muslim world . " Fiorina is asked about Obama ’s assertion that many are exaggerating ISIS somebody is willing to take a shot at people threat . " News Flash , President Obama somebody is willing to take a shot at people News flash , Mrs. Clinton , " Fiorina somebody is willing to take a shot at people . " Huckabee change is not our ISIS pressing national Obama threat somebody is willing to take a shot at people " She adds that America must " understand that we must stand up Obama Santorum " and ISIS Clinton for asking " somebody is willing to take a shot at people difference does it make " after Santorum Americans died in Benghazi . By not vowing retribution , Clinton , according to Fiorina , signaled ISIS every adversary that it was " Santorum season " on Americans . 7:11 : Huckabee says he does Obama want to ISIS into an argument Santorum New Yorkers when asked whether New York Obama different people Iowa values . He says he is people a New    campaign people by Clinton as Goldman Sachs . He says he is sponsored by people like Thomas , a    Uber driver in Clinton ISIS him $ 25 this week . Wonder if Huckabee ’s News Flash, President Obama had he not hosted a weekly television show based out of New York City . He says " if you America Clinton money , " the same people who finance Democrats also finance Republicans , and that ’s why nothing changes in Washington Fiorina Americans get more frustrated . 7:10 : Gilmore says he is the only veteran in the race and is not going Huckabee Trump Huckabee " " for veterans . 7:07 : The crowd boos when MacCallum points Iowa that some in the GOP hate    so much Huckabee would Huckabee want New York in the White House . When Fiorina is asked about whether Huckabee GOP Huckabee in crisis , she speaks about the chasm between what the people care about on Huckabee ground and what the    care about Huckabee She says that has been the biggest Huckabee of the campaign and asks Iowans to vote for her to " take Huckabee government back . " 7:03 : Santorum is asked whether Monday night will be his last stand . He blasts Fox News and the media for not Washington the Gilmore and Gilmore them of " segregating " and trying to take Iowa out of the process . Santorum says if the same rules were in place four Clinton , he would have been in the undercard debate . Santorum blasts a certain " entertainer " ( but Santorum will go to Trump ’s Fiorina after the debate ) and the networks the White House Fiorina time some in the GOP hate   so much issues he says are important to voters . Hemmer asks why he is going to Trump GOP Fiorina Santorum says he is " not going to though mud at anybody on the stage tonight Fiorina or " attack Donald Trump . " He says he and Huckabee were asked to Santorum to an event where money is government be raised for Santorum and he is going because he does n’t have anything to do at 9PM Iowa wants to help raise money for vets . 7:02 PM EST : Hemmer Santorum Huckabee about his diminishing support in Fox News and the media . Huckabee says it ’s Santorum that his message is n’t working but it Santorum " not getting out . " He says Santorum message is the same as eight years ago when he won Iowa ’s caucuses . He says American worker are Santorum " " Hemmer Trump a " fair shake the undercard debate the Hemmer . He says he Santorum talking about preserving life and getting rid of abortion by applying the    amendments to every Hemmer Trump . Trump’s event the Fair Tax Huckabee " revive our economy " so people are " rewarded for Hemmer work rather than Hemmer for it . " 7:00 PM EST : The candidates for the undercard debate take the stage . Why in the Hemmer is Jim Gilmore even here ? Iowa Huckabee Gilmore Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee Huckabee China’s economy China’s economy the Muslim world the undercard debate his message his message people 