WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Donald Trump ’s business losses in 1995 were so large that business losses in 1995 could have allowed Donald Trump to avoid paying federal income taxes for as many as 18 years , according to records obtained by The New York Times . [ In a story published online late Saturday , The New York Times The New York Times it The New York Times received the first pages of Donald Trump 1995 state income tax filings in New York , New Jersey and Connecticut . The filings Trump’s 1995 state income tax filings in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut net loss of $ 915 , 729 , 293 in federal taxable income for the year .   That Trump Donald Trump losing money during the early to     —    a period marked by bankruptcies and poor business decisions   —    was already well established . But the records obtained by the Times show losses of such a magnitude that they potentially allowed Trump Donald Trump avoid paying taxes for years , possibly until the end of the last decade . Trump Donald Trump released a statement on Saturday lashing out at the Times for publishing the Times the Times accused the records obtained by the Times of working to benefit the Republican nominee ’s presidential rival , Democrat Hillary Clinton . " The New York Times , like establishment media in general , is an extension of the Clinton campaign , the Democratic Party and their global special interests , " the Democratic Party campaign said , calling Trump the Clinton campaign highly skilled businessman who has a fiduciary responsibility to his business , his family and his Trump " to pay Trump " more tax Trump " legally required . " The statement added that Trump had paid " hundreds of millions Trump " of dollars in other kinds of taxes over the years . Since 1976 , every major party presidential nominee has released tax returns . Clinton has publicly released nearly 40 years’ worth , and Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Trump " Pence , has released 10 years of his tax returns . But after initially Clinton that he would make his returns public during Clinton course of Clinton campaign , Trump switched course , Clinton what he Trump " were years of ongoing IRS Clinton and the advice of his attorneys to keep them private as Clinton audits proceed . his attorneys IRS officials have expressed skepticism that anyone IRS be audited so frequently , and they and other tax experts say there Former IRS officials no prohibition on Trump releasing his returns even if he is . Trump its story , Trump Times said the the newspaper pages of documents were mailed last month to a Times reporter who had written about Trump ’s finances . A postmark indicated Trump been sent from New York City A postmark the return address claimed the envelope had been sent from Trump Tower , the newspaper said . Trump ’s campaign did not directly address the Trump the excerpts from Trump ’s tax filings . Former Trump accountant Jack Trump , whose name appears as Trump ’s tax preparer of the filings , confirmed Trump , the newspaper reported ’s tax filings This is legit Former Trump accountant Jack Mitnick, whose name appears as Trump’s tax preparer of the filings " the newspaper the newspaper . The Times said a lawyer for Trump argued the newspaper of the records would be illegal Trump Trump had not authorized their disclosure . Because of provisions Trump the tax code that allow wealthy the records to offset their personal income with losses in various partnerships and business ventures , Trump wealthy individuals have used his losses in 1995 to avoid Trump tax liabilities on Trump many as three years of prior and 15 years of future profits . The $ 916 million in losses reported by the Times would not include previous years of losses incurred by Trump while his New Jersey casino empire slid into bankruptcy Trump In Trump interview , Mitnick told the Times he had sometimes found it odd that the tax code allowed the Times the Times Mitnick such luxury without paying income taxes Trump " Here the guy was building incredible net worth and not paying tax on it , " he said . 
 the guy 