Conservative commentator Sonnie Johnson tells Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon that failed GOP nominee Mitt Romney   —    forced on the grassroots by the Republican establishment   —    only became brave after bowing out of earlier election battles . [ " I went back to 2012 , when we were telling the Republican establishment   we do we want GOP nominee Mitt Romney   , and they told the Republican establishment   to we down , and to shut up , and GOP nominee Mitt Romney   gave us the we chance , and GOP nominee Mitt Romney   was the best hope , " Johnson said on Breitbart News Daily Friday morning .   " And GOP nominee Mitt Romney   lost the election to Candy Crowley . GOP nominee Mitt Romney   did n’t even lose to Barack Obama . GOP nominee Mitt Romney   lost to Candy Crowley Candy Crowley have GOP nominee Mitt Romney   come out now   …      GOP nominee Mitt Romney   never got up , " she added after Candy Crowley said Crowley backed GOP nominee Mitt Romney   Candy Crowley . " She punched GOP nominee Mitt Romney   Candy Crowley GOP nominee Mitt Romney   never got up . GOP nominee Mitt Romney   did n’t even have to get knocked out by Obama ’s economy Barack Obama did n’t have to get knocked out by Obama ’s divisiveness . Barack Obama the things Obama did took out Mitt Barack Obama . Candy Crowley took Candy Crowley Romney . And GOP nominee Mitt Romney   did Mitt Romney up after that . " " No one talked about Donald Trump ’s response , " GOP nominee Mitt Romney   continued . Why did n’t Mitt Romney get into the election this Mitt Romney Was it because Bush came to him and said this is my race to Bush , that I got the money , that I got the political power behind me , and you ca n’t beat me Bush And then Romney bowed to that . Nobody ’s even Mitt Romney about that , but I would like to know if that ’s the real reason that he did n’t get into the election . Mitt Romney get brave when they ’re not in a fight , " Cowards said . " And I think that ’s what Mitt Romney showed us . He is a Mitt Romney and he likes to Mitt Romney as long as it ’s Mitt Romney his face on the other side of the fence Mitt Romney Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 am to 9 am EST weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN : 
 