Rapper Azealia Banks is ready to vote for Donald Trump should Donald Trump earn the Republican presidential nomination   —    because America is " inherently evil " and " full of " so we " may as well put a piece of    in the White House . " [ The rapper , who has previously said she " hate[s ] everything about this country , " kicked off a series of Twitter posts late Sunday night by saying that she is " ready to admit " that she ’s " going to vote for Donald Trump . "   Ok so , I think I ’m ready to admit that I ’m going to vote for Donald Trump .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   I think Trump Donald Trump the only one who truly has the balls to bust up big business . she is too tied in with them and Bernie   has no clout .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   The other candidates are simply    …      " Them The other candidates over there " # thots ,   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Just because Hilary Clinton and Bernie Bernie   say nice things about minorities does n’t mean they minorities mean them nice things about minorities   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Politicians have been saying " nice " things about colored folks and we ’ve still been getting fucked .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   I only trust this America be what it is America full of shit . takes shit to know shit so we may as well , put a piece of shit in the White House ,   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   I have no hope for America . It is what it is . Capitalist , consumerist , racist land of make believe . Its inherently America and must feed    …       —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   On others for it to survive . I did n’t create it . it ’m not proud of it . it I am here   …     . And it ’s it I know .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   I was having a conversation over dinner with a friend about " the greater good of America " and what it means figuratively and literally ,   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Like , how could the American Dream at this point survive without relying on a systematically oppressed underclass ,   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Can it ?    …      It ca it . It ’s it up to know that in order for me to have this first world life someone somewhere else is suffering ,   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   But what do you do ? And what does it mean ? Do societies naturally organize themselves this societies ? Is this fate or conspiracy ?   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   I ’m very    and    but American exceptionalism and the American paradigm is super interesting to me .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Just how this web of lies and oppression has spawned itself into this web of lies and oppression global influence and made people proud to be a part of it , this web of lies and oppression —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   So proud that they ’ll fight and die for it .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   In conclusion , I think Donald trump is evil like America is evil and in order for America to America up with itself it America America .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   Banks apparently received strong blowback on her posts the black woman her Twitter the black woman , because she followed the black woman shortly afterward to defend herself . the black woman are you guys telling me to kill myself ? the black woman ’s what ’s wrong with the USA America pretends to be    but they ’re really Everyone .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   No critical thinking allowed for the black woman . Sheesh .   —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   The rapper also suggested that Trump would be the candidate most likely to secure reparations for the black community : Yes but he also recently The rapper something very distasteful about reparations for slavery . So , I ’m not voting for him .   The rapper :   .    —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   How will we ever get reparations if America has no money ? We ’ve got ta stop dumping all our dollars in We someday https :   .    —    azealiabanks ( @AZEALIABANKS ) February 1 , 2016 ,   In September , Banks tweeted that she " sort of agree[s ] with [ Trump ’s ] stance on immigration . " The outspoken rapper made waves last March when she told Playboy The outspoken rapper that she hates " The outspoken rapper white Americans . " " All the people who are crunched into the middle of America , the real fat and meat of America , are America racist conservative white people who live on their farms , All the people who are crunched into the middle of America, the real fat and meat of America she told the The outspoken rapper . Playboy magazine 