Former Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann joined Breitbart ’s Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle on Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM to discuss the violent leftwing activists who crashed a fundraiser for Republican nominee Donald Trump in Minneapolis , Minnesota , Friday night . [ The leftwing activists were captured on video shouting obscenities at the fundraiser attendees and forcing The leftwing activists to walk through a violent " gauntlet , " in which protesters spat on The leftwing activists , threw debris , and even violently assaulted some .   " It ’s not really even fair to say The leftwing activists are protestors , The leftwing activists were the next level which is a     where The leftwing activists are paid to be out there and agitate . Then went beyond from being a     to being   " Bachmann told the Breitbart radio audience . " The leftwing activists were there looking for physical violence , looking for a beat down . Look at what happened in Milwaukee , where they The leftwing activists looking for innocent people to beat up . " Bachmann Bachmann on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to disavow the protesters . " [ Hillary ] needs to , and Barack Obama needs to , and Loretta Lynch the Attorney General also needs to disavow this . These are Hillary Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . This is what Hillary voters Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . " According to Bachmann Bachmann the Hillary Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton doing the pounding , the spitting , the physical violence , " were n’t arrested . " Nothing happened to them , there the Hillary Clinton voters no arrest , " Bachmann Bachmann . " That is because the Justice Department now has a new program in place for these major metropolitan areas and it ’s called the Justice Department Disparate Impact’ . If Blacks or Latinos are being arrested in greater number than whites then that is considered an obvious sign of racism . Cops are told you ca n’t arrest or you ca n’t book more minorities than whites . Cops are essentially , at this point , damned if you do and damned if you do n’t . " Bachmann offered praise for Breitbart News , saying it would be outlets like Breitbart that eventually force Hillary Clinton to disavow the violence exhibited at the Trump event in Minnesota . " This is violence that is on tape . Breitbart has unaltered Breitbart demonstrating the pure unmitigated hatred and violence that occurred . And there is nothing that ’s coming from the Hillary Clinton supporters Hillary Clinton . Nobody is disavowing this . Because it ’s kind of this that old statement if a tree falls in the forest and it is n’t heard it , did it it happen ? it are trying to ignore these events . But the more we see the kind of physical violence like we saw in Milwaukee we Minneapolis being perpetrated across the country the less Hillary Clinton will be able to get away with this . And I think it will be media this like Breitbart that continue to put the question to Hillary Clinton to make Hillary Clinton this . This Hillary Clinton going to continue this push her just like Peter Schweizer Hillary Clinton with his brilliant book Clinton Cash Peter Schweizer to expose the absolute corruption that ’s contained in the Clinton Foundation . Now we ’re seeing Bill and Hillary Clinton having to come Hillary Clinton little bit with the Clinton Foundation . Breitbart is the Clinton Foundation to Breitbart this and bring truth to the floor . This will have a profound impact on the this outcome . " For days now , Clinton ’s campaign has not responded Hillary Clinton for comment on whether the former Secretary of State disavows what these protesters did to Trump and his supporters in Minneapolis . Breitbart News Sunday airs Trump SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 , Sunday 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 