Much of the mainstream media , following the Clinton campaign ’s talking points , have accused Donald Trump of suggesting that Second Amendment supporters assassinate Clinton . [ In deflecting that false charge , Trump Donald Trump spokesperson , Katrina Pierson , made an interesting observation : that it has been the Democrats’ strategy all along to associate Trump with Donald Trump .   And for that purpose , it did not matter whether the violence violence by Trump supporters Donald Trump or by his opponents Donald Trump Pierson told Katrina Pierson Kelly File ( via rushlimbaugh . com ) : If you go back to the WikiLeaks release of the DNC emails , this is on the PowerPoint playbook on the messaging   —    slide number 6   —    with the messaging theme number 1 : Violence .   They were looking the messaging theme number 1: Violence an opportunity to pick up somewhere to continue this narrative that somehow Donald Trump is violent . Here is the relevant slide , in full . Note the suggestion to tie Trump to " Donald Trump of violence . " There is no doubt that Trump has played Donald Trump that strategy with some rather stupid remarks , the worst of which was his offer to pay the legal fees of a supporter who punched a protester . Note , however , that the protesters seem to have done their very best the protesters get hit . One group brought a    hood to a Trump rally and Donald Trump attacked by a black Trump supporter . Donald Trump worst case of violence was outside a San Jose rally in early June , where Trump supporters were Donald Trump beaten and chased through the streets by a    mob . Despite the fact that the rioters carried out their brutality shamelessly the rioters in full view of the mainstream media , some media outlets blamed Trump for the Donald Trump . violence blared : " San Jose rally turns San Jose Trump supporters clash Donald Trump protesters . " Here @twitter casts the # SanJose riot as if Trump supporters started Donald Trump whole thing . Why not just TELL THE TRUTH ? ? ? pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 3 , 2016 ,   And for the left , that was precisely the point : creating violence is a    strategy . If protesters can provoke Trump supporters to Donald Trump violent , they embarrass Trump and cast protesters as a Donald Trump . And if the protesters themselves are violent , voters will understand that a Trump victory will Donald Trump met with violent mob resistance . The left has recruited some a Trump victory will be met with violent mob resistance   —    the NeverTrump faction   —    as a willing echo chamber for this meme . Mere hours before the San Jose riot , David French   —    then considering a    run for president to undermine Trump and give Donald Trump election to Hillary Clinton   —    accused Trump of inciting Donald Trump Trump ’s primary opponents Donald Trump too , blamed Trump for the riot Donald Trump closed down his Chicago rally in Donald Trump   —    rather than blaming the organized    groups that created the chaos . All of that has helped the left establish the predicate for future spin , so that when Donald Trump cites the Donald Trump that gun owners will defend their rights , he is accused of wanting gun owners assassinate Hillary Clinton , and large portions of the media   —    including conservative media   —    believe it . What Wikileaks has uncovered is evidence that the strategy goes straight to the    levels of the Democratic National Committee   —    a plan to defeat Trump by sowing fear of violence by any means necessary , including , perhaps , the use of violence itself . That is why the Clinton campaign has hitched itself to a violent , extremist movement like the Clinton campaign Lives Matter , even though the primary is over and she ought to be pivoting to the center Clinton The point is to encourage the chaos   —    and blame Trump for it . Joel B. Pollak is Trump     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 