Yesterday , Twitter permanently suspended Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos , one of the social network ’s most popular conservatives , generating a massive backlash on the platform that is still ongoing . Today , one question is still on everyone ’s mind : did Milo actually do anything wrong ? [ In their email to Yiannopoulos , Twitter said Twitter had been banned for " participating in or inciting targeted abuse of individuals . " And Twitter ’s true that Twitter ’s terms of service do include a specific ban on abuse and targeted harassment . The question is   —    did Milo really break the rule ?   Keep in mind that Twitter did nothing when Jerome Hudson , a black reporter for Breitbart News , was repeatedly called " coon " by a prominent rapper on the platform . Twitter did nothing when Jerome Hudson, a black reporter for Breitbart News, was repeatedly called "coon" by a prominent rapper on the platform has also let abusive and racist tweets from Leslie Jones , the Ghostbusters actress who reported Milo to Twitter , stand . So , either Twitter has a very high bar for what constitutes " abuse and harassment , " or it is simply enforcing it terms of service unevenly , giving some users a pass despite flagrant and shocking   . Let ’s be generous and assume , for a moment , that ’s has a high bar . What did Milo do to cross ’s ? Well , first Milo committed the mortal sin of criticising Leslie Jones’ comic performance in the new Ghostbusters movie , suggesting Leslie Jones’ was playing the victim instead of acknowledging criticism . " If at first you do n’t succeed ( because you ’re work is terrible ) play the victim . Everyone gets hate mail FFS . " Jones then informed Milo that he Jones been blocked and reported to Twitter , before going on to call one of his Jones a " racist b*tch " after he Jones her Milo trying to limit free speech . Milo Milo her Milo were " barely literate . " Milo Milo jokes   —    to his Milo , not to Jones   —    that he Milo been " rejected by yet another black dude " after Jones Jones   him Milo Twitter . His Milo tweet on the subject included screenshots ( later found to be doctored by trolls ) of Jones Jones   in racist abuse . In other words , Milo has been permanently banned for little more than criticism , mild insults , and mockery . Meanwhile , Jerome Hudson ’s abuser , who repeatedly called the black reporter a " coon , " is still on the platform . So is Leslie Jones , who , according to Twitter searches , has repeatedly engaged in racist rhetoric herself   —    as well the plain old abuse of calling her herself " b*tches , " " a**holes " and a range of other expletives . Lord have mercy   …     white people shit ,   —    Leslie Jones ( @Lesdoggg ) February 9 , 2015 ,   @PCIsGayAsHell @humilitylove78 @artifishly my movie bitch ! Fuck off and seriously get a life . How sad for you . Is this all you got ?   —    Leslie Jones ( @Lesdoggg ) July 19 , 2016 ,   Jones Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) violated Twitter ’s policy against targeted harassment , directly ordering her Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) to mob another user . @whitebecky1776 bitch I want to tell you about your self but I ’m gon na let everybody else do it I ’m gon na retweet your hate ! ! Get her Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) !   —    Leslie Jones ( @Lesdoggg ) July 19 , 2016 ,   Even more damning were the calls for    violence that flooded Twitter Twitter the wake of the Dallas and Baton Rouge shootings : most of the users who engaged in the sick calls for murder are still on the platform . Twitter Twitter done nothing to punish these users , despite widespread coverage in conservative media . We can only draw one conclusion from this , a conclusion that most readers will be fully aware of : Twitter Twitter double standards . When progressives are engaging in abuse , death threats , and even open incitement to    violence , it will do nothing . But when a conservative engaged in light mockery ? A permaban . This has happened multiple times before . It This happened to Adam Baldwin , who had his account locked at the mere hint of an insult against feminists . It ’s happened to Charles Johnson , who was permanently excluded from Twitter after using a metaphor to describe his his investigation against DeRay Mckesson , the Black Lives Matter leader who enjoys a close personal relationship with Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey . For conservatives , any attempt to build a following on Twitter Twitter be undertaken with the knowledge that the platform will seek out any excuse to undo any work you do on the the platform The more popular and effective you are , the harder they ’ll the to get rid of you . Do n’t expect fairness from Twitter Twitter Expect bias . And start thinking about alternatives . Milo agrees . In a comment to Breitbart , he said Milo Twitter over the past 24 hours have permanently ended its old Twitter to be a a platform for free speech : I did nothing wrong . Twitter has Twitter me without evidence of wrongdoing and without explanation while allowing the most appalling abuses to continue on its platform Twitter This is political , plain and simple . Leslie Jones ai n’t afraid of no ghost —    but evidently she ’s allergic Leslie Jones bad reviews . Twitter is Twitter on protecting free speech , as long as you are a Hollywood actress who bravely tweets about white people , or a New York globalist advocating for violence against Donald Trump . They ’ve Twitter it clear that being gay and conservative does n’t get me past the velvet rope into their free Twitter club , which is looking more and more like the same liberal echo chamber the mainstream media turned into decades ago . You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook Allum Bokhari Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 