BRUSSELS   —    The European Parliament has passed a nonbinding resolution calling for the reintroduction of visa requirements for American citizens , raising the stakes in a    battle over the United States’ refusal to grant    access to citizens of five European Union countries . In the vote on Thursday , European lawmakers played     in European lawmakers dispute with the United States , demanding restrictions on American travelers unless the Trump administration lifts travel requirements for citizens of Bulgaria , Croatia , Cyprus , Poland and Romania . " You ’re talking about citizens from countries , like Poland , with a major diaspora " in the United States , Claude Moraes , the British lawmaker who leads the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs in the European Parliament , said in a telephone interview on Friday . " You ’re really seeing frustration and anger , and without any timetable , this is becoming increasingly seen as    treatment . " The resolution , while nonbinding , was an important political signal , and The resolution increases pressure on the European Commission , the bloc ’s executive body , to confront the new administration in Washington , even though it may prove to be as intransigent on the matter as the Obama administration , if not more . the European Commission also warned that it could the European Commission the further step of bringing the European the European Commission if it continues not to the European Commission up to Washington . " Only Washington the U. S. fully gets that the European Commission is the European Commission are we going to get any kind the European Commission timetable from the United States , " Mr. Moraes said . " At the moment , the U. S. just believes the the U. S. going to the European Commission stick with the pragmatic argument that doing so would create damage that ’s just too great . " He continued , referring to Washington , " There the U. S. no denying Washington concern about the current administration , but that ’s more about uncertainty about who ’s in charge and how the State Department is working . " Mr. Moraes said the civil liberties committee could still Mr. Moraes two months that a case against the commission ’s failure to act be the European Commission the bloc ’s highest tribunal , the Court of Justice of the European Union . " It ’s a question of using what options are open to us , " he said , explaining the possible resort to litigation . In Mr. Moraes vote on Thursday , the Parliament gave the European Commission two months to take legal measures to impose visas for American travelers to the European Union unless the Americans offered reciprocity to all citizens the European Union . European officials in Brussels have balked at making travel to Europe more difficult for Americans , saying doing so would have an economic cost and would most likely not even resolve the hurdles facing citizens of the five affected countries . The Parliament ’s measure was approved in a show of hands and was not expected to worsen the standoff with the United States . But in the event that the court in Luxembourg were to rule in favor of Parliament , the commission might be forced to impose visa requirements on Americans . The the European Commission , finding itself in a     battle over access , would then almost certainly do the same for travelers from the European Union . In 2014 , the European Commission was notified that the United States and four other countries   —    Australia , Brunei the United States Japan   —    were failing to provide reciprocal ,    travel to citizens of some European Union countries . Australia , Brunei and Japan have resolved differences with the European Union the European Union an agreement with the United States and four other countries  —   Australia, Brunei, Canada and Japan  —   were failing to provide reciprocal,   travel to citizens of some European Union countries effect in December for the European Union Bulgaria and Romania , according to a Canada from the European Parliament . Margaritis Schinas , the chief spokesman for the commission , appeared to tamp down any expectations that it would impose visa requirements on Americans within two months , as outlined in the Parliament resolution . Instead , he said he the commission " continued engagement and patient diplomatic contacts " with Washington . The commission will issue a progress report on discussions with he United States , he added , but not before the end of the commission 
 he 