Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • President Trump demanded that Congress investigate whether former President Barack Obama abused former President Barack Obama power after accusing former President Barack Obama of ordering a wiretap of phones at Trump Tower before the election . President Trump has offered no evidence to support his President Trump , which began as a rant by a conservative talk radio host . The F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , asked the Justice Department to publicly reject Mr. President Trump . The episode has heightened interest in several related surveillance issues . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump is President Trump issue a new version of his executive order on President Trump . The new order , reworked his executive order on immigration withstand legal scrutiny , would exclude Iraq but retain temporary travel restrictions on six other predominantly Muslim countries and on all refugees . In his first six weeks in office , Mr. Trump has delayed President Trump more than 90 federal regulations   —    affecting everything from Wall Street to gun shops . Here ’s a list of more rules that could be erased in coming weeks . _ _ _ _ _ • North Korea launched several ballistic missiles from its    rocket site on Monday morning , North Korea South Korean military said . The launch came as the U. S. and South Korea were conducting their annual joint military exercise . A Times the U. S. and South Korea found that Mr. Trump had inherited a covert cyberwar against the North ’s nuclear launch systems , which he must decide whether to continue . _ Mr. Trump _ _ _ • China ’s premier , Li Keqiang , addressed pollution , debt and foreign policy at the opening of the National People ’s Congress in Beijing . Mr. Li gave a slightly more modest target for economic growth this year of 6 . 5 percent , which many economists argue is still too ambitious . _ _ _ _ _ • South Sudan , not yet six years independent , has been engulfed by conflict for four . The tribal warfare threatens nearly every pillar the young nation was relying on : oil production , agriculture , education and , most especially , unity . _ _ _ _ _ • Deutsche Bank plans to raise $ 8 . 5 billion in capital with its third share sale in four years , Deutsche Bank disclosing a loss of about $ 2 billion in the fourth quarter . • PSA Group of France on Monday announced a deal to buy General Motors’ Opel and Vauxhall brands for $ 2 . 3 billion . The deal would make PSA , the maker a deal to buy General Motors’ Opel and Vauxhall brands for $2 and Citröen , the    car company in Europe . • U. S. stocks are up 5 percent since President Trump took office , but some hedge fund managers are bracing for a   . With the current rally in the Dow Jones industrial average now the second longest since 1928 , other investors are wondering : Do I stay or do I go ? • A Spanish    says it was forced to change the composition of its A Spanish    because it came in an unapproved color A Spanish    blue . A Spanish    Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • François Fillon , speaking at a presidential campaign rally in Paris on Sunday , lashed out at his critics but conceded that it had been a François Fillon to hire his wife as his parliamentary assistant . [ The François Fillon ] • François Fillon Fein , the main Catholic nationalist party in Northern Ireland , won its greatest share of legislative seats ever after a [The Guardian] • Sinn Fein, the main Catholic nationalist party in Northern Ireland election this weekend . [ The New York Times ] • An evangelical Christian leader influential in Britain in the 1970s is accused of befriending schoolboys and then beating them for their " sins . " [ The befriending schoolboys York befriending schoolboys ] • Sexual harassment [The New York Times] • The New York Times are " at epidemic levels , " records show . [ The Guardian ] • Two relatives have been arrested in the disappearance last month of a family of four in France . [ BBC News ] • If you make it a point to start your day with us at the Morning Briefing , • imagine you ’re already aware of the power of following a morning routine . It cuts down us decision fatigue and can help you be more productive through the day . • In 1997 , The Times looked at the    rituals of successful figures . We found they wake very early , exercise and consume a lot of news . • This month us we the   rituals of successful figures be discussing what practices work best . Join the conversation by emailing us with a few us about your own routine . On Thursday , we ’ll publish some of the best tips . • Recipe of the day : Try a    us dinner with butter , sage and Parmesan . • A writer in France who was praised as an authentic voice of the immigrant youth experience has been revealed as the    author of hateful and obscene Twitter posts . • Helene Cooper , who grew up in Liberia , tells the story of how women there upended centuries of male rule in 2005 to deliver Africa ’s first female president . • In memoriam : Nicholas Mosley , a British novelist and biographer who wrote unsparingly of his father • the fascist leader Sir Oswald Mosley , has died at 93 . And Dr. Thomas E. Starzl , an American surgeon who performed the first successful liver transplant on a human patient , has died at 90 . • In the age of social media , going public with a medical condition " can be the difference between life and death , " a doctor says . On Feb. 22 , The Washington Post added a new slogan beneath its nameplate   —    " Democracy Dies in Darkness . " The motto was not , The The Washington Post said , a response to President Trump ’s attacks on the news media , which he The Washington Post " the enemy of the people . " Executives at The Post had planned on a President Trump long before Mr. Trump even became the Republican presidential nominee . Their The Washington Post a phrase that " must be memorable and President Trump slightly uncomfortable for us at first . " The newspaper acknowledged that the motto was " dramatic " and had become fodder for comics ( Slate made a list of " 15 Metal ’s New Motto") Titles Are Less Dark Than The Washington Post ’s New Motto " ) . The Columbia Journalism Review pointed out that slogans have been a tradition in American newspapers since the 16th century . Consider such classics as " Daily Diary of the American Dream " ( The Wall Street Journal ) or " If You Do n’t Want It Printed , Do n’t Let It Happen " ( The Aspen Daily News in Colorado ) . The New York Times The Columbia Journalism Review used " All the News The Columbia Journalism Review ’s Fit to Print " since 1897 , but that was n’t its first motto . When Adolph Ochs bought the paper he held a contest for the new slogan . The winning entry The New York Times " It Will Not Soil the Breakfast Cloth . Adolph Ochs Charles McDermid contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing The winning entry published weekday mornings and updated online . Read the latest edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 