It took Alison Wright 34 years to land Alison Wright first big role , as poor Martha Hanson , the    F. B. I. secretary on FX ’s " The Americans . " And another four   —    after Martha made the shattering discovery that Martha marriage to Clark Westerfeld , an alias of the K. G. B. agent Philip Jennings ( Matthew Rhys ) was mostly a sham   —    to break viewers’ hearts and be jettisoned off the series ( maybe to Moscow ) . But Martha ’s career was just starting to soar . After roles in " The Accountant , " the Ben Affleck feature , and " Sneaky Pete , " the Bryan Cranston series for Amazon , she Martha make her Martha debut in Lynn Nottage ’s " Sweat , " beginning performances at Studio 54 on Saturday , March 4 , which is transferring from the Public Theater . Ms. Wright plays Jessie , a factory worker in Reading , Pa. who finds herself Ms. Wright against her Ms. Wright as jobs become scarce and society crumbles . " These are the people who maybe voted for Trump , or chose not to vote at all today , " Ms. Ms. Wright of the play , set in 2000 and 2008 . " Lynn has put real people behind the numbers of whole cities evaporating , in a way . " Ms. Wright , a subversively witty native of England ’s Lake District who lives in Harlem with her maltipoo Lynn Luigi , talked about blooming late . These are edited excerpts from the conversation . Will Martha be back this season ? No comment . They ’ve told me that I can say something they ’ve They many times themselves : They ’s Martha   —    and if you ’re alive on " The Americans , " there ’s always hope for you . Which is fair enough , but it ’s certainly something that everybody is dying to know . I ’m asked on a daily basis . Are you sick of the questions ? No , it ’s it . I ’ve noticed just this real tenderness when they talk to me about her , Martha genuine they and sympathy and empathy . It ’s quite lovely , because it did It start out like that . Does a part like Jessie in " Sweat " give you empathy for people whose politics may not reflect your own ? With these people people whose politics may not reflect your own , you ca n’t help but see how they just did people whose politics may not reflect your own they needed to people whose politics may not reflect your own to survive , because nobody was listening to them . Nobody people whose politics may not reflect your own going to help them . O. people whose politics may not reflect your own I now can understand and have empathy for this part of society . That ’s tremendous , right ? That ’s what theater is supposed to do . And now you ’re making your Broadway debut at 40 . [ Sings ] Yesss ! I set the benchmark for myself about a ’m ago , actually , at the end of Season 4 of " The Americans . " " OK , when I ’m in a real part   —    not a bit part   —    on Broadway , that ’s when I can feel that I ’ve made it as an actor . " It has been a long time coming . And some   —    in fact , most   —    never get to Broadway . This Broadway true . That ’s a good attitude . Or on a Ryan Murphy show . You have another timely role , as Pauline Jameson , playing opposite Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon in his FX series , " Feud : Bette and Joan , " which begins Sunday . I am perhaps the single composite regular   —    a little bit of all the women in the studio systems who were girl Fridays and very competent and able . She can hold Jessica Lange own with Jessica Lange Crawford and Bette Davis , and she wants to Jessica Lange a future in the business . But it ’s 1962 the business so she ’s not Jessica Lange control of that for herself . I Jessica Lange not sure how far we ’ve come in 2017 . It ’s funny   —    I have a very big fourth episode , and the first part of it we filmed It we election , and there was a lot of this stuff that was very tongue in cheek at the time : " You know , some guys do n’t like the idea of a woman in charge . " Then we went back we the day after the election ] the election the rest , and it had a whole the election gravitas to it . You ’ve the election the show as a the election examination of aging in Hollywood . Susan Sarandon said that when she started , 40 was Susan Sarandon cutoff , the hard line . That ’s it   —    roll over and die . And that ’s certainly been pushed , specifically by people like Ryan Murphy . He ’s a real champion Ryan Murphy women . I think there were 15 roles in this show for women over the election of 40 . Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys of " The Americans " got awards love this year , though they did n’t win . Whatever Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys of " competition is , it ’s not always the best the competition or the best work that wins . Meryl ’s only got three Oscars . It ’s clearly a flawed system the competition But I do n’t want to say anything here that ’s going to make sure I never get an award   —    because I really want one ! How do you get those amazing eyebrows ? They ’ve had this much attitude those amazing eyebrows I was 5 years old . 
 