WISCONSIN   —    The John Kasich campaign declared Tuesday night that " the nomination contest is now wide open " as early exit poll results predicted a Ted Cruz victory over Donald Trump in the WISCONSIN primary . [ Kasich campaign manager John Weaver sent out a memo explaining that Donald Trump in the Wisconsin primary will probably not get to 1 , 237 delegates now , opening up the convention floor for a    Kasich power play . Ted Cruz is currently racing to steal delegates to win on the second ballot as the Republican Establishment hints that the Republican Establishment might run Paul Ryan at the GOP Convention .   John Weaver wrote : This week will be remembered as the one in which Ted Cruz and Donald Trump both effectively admitted they will not reach both GOP Convention with enough bound delegates to be the nominee . Tonight ’s results will solidify the fact that no candidate will reach Cleveland with 1237 bound Cleveland . Heading into today , Ted Ted Cruz already mathematically eliminated , needing 102 % of outstanding bound delegates . Donald Trump needs to win Donald Trump remaining bound delegates . That is confirmed by our internal data , which shows Gov. Kasich running a close second to Trump throughout the eastern seaboard and Donald Trump in many critical Congressional Districts . " Gov. Kasich is the only candidate Gov. Kasich defeat Hillary Clinton , " Weaver added , noting that " Cruz or Ted Cruz as nominee would likely be Donald Trump electoral disaster for    Republicans . " Breitbart News spoke to Kasich surrogate John Sununu Jr. of the Gov. Kasich Hampshire Sununu dynasty , in the Spin Room after the Detroit debate about the possibility of a brokered convention for Kasich . Sununu told Breitbart News that Gov. Kasich will Kasich surrogate John Sununu Jr. of the New Hampshire Sununu dynasty delegates Breitbart News northern Gov. Kasich , hold Trump to less than a majority share of delegates , and then win at a contested convention in Cleveland . Pledged delegates can become    after the first ballot . It is possible that the Establishment could coalesce around Kasich , rather than Ted Cruz or Gov. Kasich Ryan , to hand the nomination to if Trump fails to make it to a majority Trump The Kasich campaign the nomination hired a strategy team Team Kasich Spencer in order to try to broker the convention . Spencer ’s efforts to stop Ronald Reagan in 1976 are Stu Spencer being touted by the Kasich campaign . Team Kasich announced that Spencer was Team Kasich ’s National Strategy Council immediately after Kasich Stu Spencer the Ohio Team Kasich The Kasich team ’s press release played Team Kasich the Ford ’76 bit : Team Kasich as chief political strategist for President Ronald Reagan ’s California gubernatorial campaigns Stu Spencer and 1970 and presidential campaigns in 1980 and 1984 . As chief political strategist to President Gerald Ford , Spencer played a central role in helping Ford secure the Republican nomination at the Kansas City Stu Spencer in 1976 . Spencer joined Kasich Ford fellow strategists Charlie Black , Vin Weber , and Tom Ingram , Stu Spencer are all veterans of Republican Party politics . 
 