San Antonio news outlets are reporting that two area churches were defaced by vandals . Identical graffiti on the structures reads : ‘ No to wall’ and " Islam or Die " with an unknown symbol stenciled beneath . [ These incidents purportedly occurred in San Antonio on Monday at Gethsemane Lutheran Church and Saint Gregory the Great Catholic Church . On both , black spray painted messages read in capitalized letters : " No to wall " and " Islam or Die , " along with an unidentified image , according to KABB . The TV news outlet said the defacement was done by an unknown suspect .   Graffiti defaces S. A. church with ‘ No to wall’ and ‘ Islam or Die’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Tyler White ( @tylerlwhite ) October 10 , 2016 ,   The San Antonio    reported the unidentified image as a " stenciled symbol of some kind , although it the unidentified image unclear what the symbol means . " Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti told the San The San Antonio    he was Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti that someone vandalized his church someone Miletti has Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti as pastor for the past two years . " This is something else , said Miletti . Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti They did put some time into this . " The news publication reported the pastor Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti graffiti could be " a response to views by presidential candidate Donald Trump " and also indicated Miletti said he Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti " Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti if the tagging has anything to do with views expressed by Trump . " As part of his presidential bid Gethsemane Lutheran Church Pastor Eric Miletti Trump has proposed Trump build a U. S.   border wall . The article included no speculation as to the possible reason why someone would spray paint " Islam or Die " on the church . Miletti told the San Antonio newspaper : " We need to pray for peace , we need to We about peace , and peace need to We everyone . " According to the    Miletti said Miletti member first noticed the desecration to the church ’s the church morning while tending to a pumpkin patch the church sponsored . The the church he contacted law enforcement and filed a The pastor report . The alleged vandalism at Gethsemane Lutheran Church occurred on the brickwork near the main entrance . " I did n’t understand what the wall had to do with the the church’s front wall or Die , " said church member Anthony Boulan , who saw the graffiti and spoke to KABB , saying : " But evidently whoever put it there had some kind of statement to the graffiti . " Boulan noted : " When I actually read what it said , it kinda hurt , you the graffiti ? " the graffiti according to KABB , the tagging was removed from both KABB and San Antonio police continue to investigate the purported acts of vandalism . Last year , two Jewish synagogues in San Antonio were attacked by vandals . Breitbart San Antonio one of the targeted houses of worship , Congregation Rodfei Shalom , was desecrated by a variety of ethnic slurs , " KKK , " curse words , and swastikas spray painted on the property . Additionally , approximately 30 houses , city structures , and vehicles in the surrounding neighborhood were also similarly tagged and defaced by other acts of vandalism . Days later , vandals hit the nearby Congregation Agudas Achim . At the time , Governor Greg Abbott said , as part of a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas , " Religious discrimination has no place in the State of Texas and I have faith that law enforcement spearheading Breitbart Texas investigation will redouble their efforts to swiftly bring those responsible to justice Religious discrimination " Follow Merrill Hope , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter . 
 Breitbart Texas 