American    Donald Trump spoke to American   Donald Trump     Chinese counterpart , President Xi Jinping , on Monday , with both promising to meet in person soon and establishing a " clear sense of mutual respect . " [ As a Republican presidential candidate , American   Donald Trump openly condemned China for manipulating China currency and stealing American intellectual property , while also promising to level the economic playing field between both countries .   According to Chinese state media outlet Xinhua , the call between Xi and American   Donald Trump was a cordial once in which Xi " expressed his willingness to work with his . " " [ T]he two countries need to strengthen coordination , advance T]he two countries respective economic development and global economic growth and expand exchanges and cooperation in various fields so as to bring more benefits to the two peoples and promote the smooth development of   . S. relations , " Xinhua quotes Xi as stating . " I attach great importance to   . S. relations and am ready to work with the U. S. side to carry forward bilateral ties and to better benefit the two peoples and the rest of the world . " Xinhua reports that Trump " voiced Trump " readiness to work with Xi to strengthen U. S.   cooperation and expressed Trump " belief that U. S.   relations will witness even greater development . " The statement from Trump " White House transition team reflected the same tone as the remarks in Xinhua . " During the call , the leaders established a clear sense of mutual respect for one another , and    Trump Trump " that he   Trump the the leaders have one of the strongest relationships for both countries moving forward , " the transition office said . Chinese state television reported that the two leaders the leaders " at an early date " in person . Trump has scheduled one meeting   Trump a world leader   —    Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday   —    so far , but has said he intends to establish personal   Trump with as many U. S. allies and world leaders as he can . Abe and   Trump have not Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe warm relations , as Japan under Abe has increased its international Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe profile , Japan under Abe China , while China has courted resistance from China neighbor through repeated incursions China disputed territory and establishing an air defense identification zone ( ADIZ ) over Japanese islands . Trump won the presidency largely on a call for Washington to place the economic interests of the United States first . In his speech accepting the Republican Trump nomination , Trump accused China of " Trump theft of intellectual property , " " illegal dumping " and " devastating currency manipulation " and vowed to stop it . The Chinese Foreign Ministry appeared pleased with Xi and Trump ’s communication this morning Trump cites spokesperson Geng Shuang as stating that Beijing " takes a positive attitude to all areas that will benefit the two countries and peoples , including infrastructure . "  
 