During his Tuesday appearance on Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon asked geopolitical analyst Dr. Herbert London for his take on the 2016 presidential contest . [ " We ’re not going to be sending 200 , 000 troops into the Middle East . It does n’t make any difference if It ’s Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump , " Dr. Herbert London said . " It ’s also true that the Republican Party is clearly split . There are many members of the party who , under no circumstances , could support Donald Trump . "   " I ’m not a great fan of Donald Trump ’s , but I have to tell you that Hillary Clinton trumps Donald Trump   —    in the sense that she Hillary Clinton , in my judgment , an evil force , an embodiment of evil that would create problems with the sustenance of our Constitution , " he said an evil force, an embodiment of evil that would create problems with the sustenance of our Constitution " So I can not , under any circumstances , support Hillary Hillary Clinton My default position is to , therefore , do everything I can to support Donald Trump , Donald Trump  — I do n’t want her . Hillary Clinton Bannon asked London to elaborate on his description of Clinton Bannon a " force for evil . " " What I mean by that is that Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton inveterate liar , " London replied , explaining : London the bodies were returned from Benghazi to Andrews Air Force Base , she walked up Hillary Clinton Ty Woods’ father   —    who had been one of the SEALs who fought to his last breath to save Ty Woods’ father   at the embassy   —    and she said to Hillary Clinton , " We will Ty Woods’ father   let your son die in vain . We will find the man We is responsible , that is the filmmaker who made the film about the prophet Mohammed , and we will bring him to We . " your son That was an absolute lie . She knew it Hillary Clinton a lie when she was saying Hillary Clinton . How can you it that to a father who is grieving over the loss of a son ? " London asked . " How can you say that to an American hero ? I mean , to me , that was about as sickening a moment as I can imagine in American life . " " Now , I can give you hundreds of other examples of the inveterate lying , and the callous way in which she has used Hillary Clinton own emails Hillary Clinton —    which probably are in the possession of the Chinese , the Iranians , and the Russians , " he added . " She ’s been Hillary Clinton compromised . So it seems to me , when I say ‘ evil,’ I ’m talking about someone who does n’t recognize the real national interests of the United States . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 