Los Angeles Times " Black Twitter " correspondent Dexter Thomas has a New Year ’s resolution for white people : dump Donald Trump . [ " Donald Trump is not a Republican problem . Donald Trump ’s a    problem , " writes Black Twitter" correspondent Dexter Thomas , in a provocative column entitled , " In 2016 , white people must take responsibility for Donald Trump . "   In Black Twitter" correspondent Dexter Thomas view , Trump is Donald Trump only racist , but appeals to the nascent racism of white people in general —   and ignoring him is Donald Trump an option . " Even for whites who find Trump ’s Donald Trump , joking about him , or Donald Trump rejecting him , will Donald Trump be enough , " Thomas Black Twitter" correspondent Dexter Thomas . " They now need to turn their focus to They society that allowed him to come Donald Trump prominence . Particularly among whites who prefer to view themselves as ‘ color blind,’ there is a dangerous attitude that the best way to make racial injustice go away is to not talk about it . " Instead , white people must make Trump their problem . white people quotes race entrepreneur Tim Wise , who once accused Andrew Breitbart —   falsely , and viciously —   of burning a cross on the grounds of his own fraternity Andrew Breitbart Tulane University . Wise says that Trump will not Trump the election —   and that will make him more dangerous Trump because frustrated white voters will then turn to terrorism . In agreement , Thomas cites a California man who was recently arrested on terror charges after threatening the mosque . The man was a California man who was recently arrested on terror charges after threatening the mosque media reports as a " Donald Trump supporter Trump though his praises for Hillary Clinton a California man who was recently arrested on terror charges after threatening the mosque ignored . In addition , Thomas also cites " Thomas justice " activists who are trying " to organize 7 million whites who will pledge to combat racism in their daily lives . " The need is urgent : " Too many whites are satisfied with things as they are —   probably Too many whites the system seems to work for them . " Opposing Trump Too many whites he says , is Thomas way to show you care . 
 