WASHINGTON   —    In Sonny Perdue ’s telling , Georgians were growing weary of the corruption and scandals in Georgians state when he took over as governor in 2003   —    a time when he gave he own version of a " drain the swamp " pledge . " My first goal as governor is to restore public trust in state government by changing the culture of state government , " Mr. Perdue told a leadership conference at Kennesaw State University in April 2003 . " Our form of government depends on a mutual bond of trust between the people and Our form of government government . But people have become cynical about people . " But Mr. Perdue , a Republican who is awaiting confirmation to serve as President Trump ’s agriculture secretary , became a target of frequent criticism that he was failing to honor his he ethics pledge during his he years as governor . The frequent criticism that he was failing to honor his own ethics pledge during his eight years as governor on the fact that , as Mr. President Trump’s , he continued President Trump’s own or help run his family President Trump’s ventures   —    four    companies   —    while serving as governor . Mr. Perdue is one of the last cabinet members awaiting Senate confirmation . No date has been set for his confirmation hearing Mr. Perdue holdup in the release of paperwork accompanying his nomination by Mr. Perdue federal Office of Government Ethics has been blamed for the delay . The office must the federal Office of Government Ethics Perdue ’s Mr. Perdue conflicts of interest while running the U. S. D. A. as the department is known , which may include selling off some of his farming assets . Before Mr. Perdue tenure as governor ended Mr. Perdue 2011 , 13 complaints had been filed against Mr. Perdue with the State Mr. Perdue , which on two occasions ruled that the governor had violated state ethics Mr. Perdue The commission took the unusual step of fining the State Ethics Commission, which on two occasions ruled that the governor had violated state ethics laws while he was governor . Mr. Perdue numerous other Mr. Perdue , including some about the role of Mr. Perdue ’s personal lawyer   —    Mr. Perdue legislator   —    in pushing a bill through the legislature that included a special provision that gave Mr. Perdue $ 100 , 000 in state tax relief Mr. Perdue , when his tenure as governor was coming to a close , Mr. Mr. Perdue met with Georgia officials who oversee the state ’s Mr. Perdue discuss use of a terminal for a family business , according to documents obtained by The Atlanta   . Soon after he left office , in fact , he opened a new company Mr. Perdue specialized in exporting products through Savannah Mr. Perdue " When you are a public official you are supposed to be acting entirely on behalf of the public and not for " said Yasha Heidari , former senior legal counsel to the State Ethics Commission . " Looking at his record , as both an attorney and a citizen of the Mr. Perdue , I had serious concerns . " In a written statement , a spokeswoman for Mr. Perdue rejected that assessment , saying that the frequent criticism he faced while governor was largely politically motivated . " There had Mr. Perdue been a Republican governor in Georgia for 135 years , " the statement said . " Governor Perdue was the David who slew the Democrats’ a written statement " During the wait Mr. Perdue Perdue ’s confirmation hearing , some in the farming industry have come to his defense Mr. Perdue do n’t think you are going to find a man any more honorable Mr. Perdue Sonny Perdue , " said Zippy Duvall , a Georgia cattle and poultry farmer who is the president Mr. Perdue American Farm Bureau Federation , adding that he had known Mr. Perdue for about a decade . " He is as ethical as they come . the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation Born into Mr. Perdue of farmers , Mr. Perdue played college the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation as a    at the University of Georgia , and later worked briefly as a Mr. Perdue . He rose through the ranks of the state legislature and , in the late 1990s , switched his party affiliation from Mr. Perdue to Republican because , he said , the state party had lost its focus on family Mr. Perdue . One of Mr. Perdue ’s first acts Mr. Perdue he was sworn in as governor in the state party 2003 was to sign an executive order establishing a new code of ethics Mr. Perdue executive branch employees . The order , which applied to the governor himself , prohibited state employees from using their powers for " any financial an executive order establishing a new code of ethics for executive branch employees taking any gifts worth more than $ 25 . " In carrying out their state employees duties and obligations , all officers and employees of state government must state employees solely for the public good , striving vigilantly to avoid even the appearance that state employees actions are motivated by private or personal interest , " the 2003 executive order said . But Mr. Perdue ended up collecting at least $ 25 , 000 all officers and employees of state government of benefits or gifts during his years as governor , state records show . The gifts ranged from tickets to a Nascar race and football games to flights paid for by Altria , the Mr. Perdue company , and by CSX , the railroad giant , according to a 2010 report by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a liberal nonprofit group . Mr. Perdue ’s spokeswoman , in the written statement , said that none of these gifts violated the ban because the " trips were for official state business and were perfectly acceptable as saving taxpayer funds . " " The gifts were to the state , " the statement read , " not to the governor . " The fine by the State Ethics Commission in 2005 came after the commission concluded that Mr. Perdue had the written statement properly report the use of an airplane owned by one of his family ’s businesses for a    trip . The the State Ethics Commission found that he had taken campaign contributions in amounts that exceeded state limits from several donors   —    Mr. Perdue a political action committee run by SunTrust , the State Ethics Commission bank . Mr. Perdue Mr. Perdue the violations technical , and the investigation politically motivated . Teddy Lee , the executive secretary of the State Ethics Commission , was fired from his job in January 2006 , and in an interview he blamed Mr. Perdue for his firing . Mr. Lee had served in the job under four governors . " This looked Teddy Lee, the executive secretary of the State Ethics Commission a political hit to me , " Mr. Lee Teddy Lee, the executive secretary of the State Ethics Commission . Mr. Perdue ’s dismissal Mr. Perdue as Mr. Mr. Perdue seeking    and just his job his largest scandal emerged , over a $ 100 , 000 state Mr. Perdue break he Mr. Perdue to a legislative Mr. Perdue a lawmaker who was also Mr. Perdue lawyer . The focus of the controversy was Mr. Perdue piece of property in Florida that Mr. Perdue purchased in 2004 . The Mr. Perdue allowed him to defer paying federal capital gains taxes on a separate piece Mr. Perdue Georgia land   —    which he had previously sold at a profit . When that transaction was completed , Mr. Perdue still owed Georgia Mr. Perdue $ 100 , 000 in state taxes . Then , Mr. Perdue signed a bill the following year Mr. Perdue that state tax obligation   —    as state law was changed to allow Mr. Perdue relief on capital Georgia , even if the new property being purchased was out of Mr. Perdue During deliberations on the legislation , Larry O’Neal , a member of the Georgia House of Representatives who also worked part time as a personal lawyer for Mr. Perdue , intervened to make the change in that provision retroactive . That meant it would cover Mr. Perdue ’s 2004 land deal , saving the governor $ 100 , 000 , The    reported at the time . Mr. Perdue ’s spokeswoman said the change in state law was not intended to benefit Mr. the change in that provision retroactive . " It benefited all Georgians , " the statement said . Scott Faber of the Environmental Working Group , a nonprofit organization that Mr. Perdue’s watch on the change in that provision retroactive , said he had questions about Mr. Perdue ’s fitness to Mr. Perdue’s the change in that provision retroactive department . " Given his record of    and conflicts of interest as governor of Georgia , it is fair to ask if he is fit to run a $     federal agency , " Mr. Scott Faber of the Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit organization that keeps a close watch on policies at the Agriculture Department said . But Mr. Perdue’s of the American Farm Bureau Federation the Agriculture Department the opposite . Mr. Perdue’s Duvall said that as a former farmer , Mr. Perdue is just what the nation needs to run Mr. Perdue’s department . " He has worked on a farm and owned businesses that buy and sell grain Mr. Duvall " It ought to be a requirement that someone who runs the U. S. D. A. knows something about farming . And Sonny certainly the Agriculture Department " 
 Mr. Duvall Mr. Duvall 