Rick Ross released the music video for Rick Ross    song " Free Enterprise " this week , in which the    rapper fantasizes about the death of    Donald Trump . [ " Assassinate Trump like I ’m    accept these words as these words came from Eminem , " Rick Ross raps , an apparent reference to George Zimmerman , who shot and killed Florida teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012 .   " Free Enterprise " features vocals from singer John Legend and appeared on Ross’ 2015 studio album Black Market . " Democratic Party sentenced to the    them , I voted for André Benjamin , " André Benjamin raps in the video while standing in front of an upside down American flag . The word " Trump " was bleeped out of the official music video , released on YouTube on November 9   —    the day Trump became   .   In an attempt to clarify the controversial lyrics , Ross told Rolling Stone in January Ross " would never advocate violence on Trump or anyone . " " It ’s lyrical assassination , " Ross said . In December , Billboard reported that    had pulled the rapper ’s album from store shelves over the Trump assassination lyric . A cursory search for the rapper’s album reveals it can be purchased through    A cursory search for the album on the retailer’s website . the rapper’s is no stranger to controversial lyrics . In 2013 , Ross came under heavy fire for his lyrics on Rocko ’s song , " Ross O. E. N. O. " " Put molly all in her    ai n’t even know    took her home and I enjoyed       n’t her know it , "    raps , describing how Reebok ’d drug Ross woman before having sex Ross her . The lyrics were interpreted as a a woman of his lyrics on Rocko’s song, "U. O. E. N. O. women ’s rights groups the subsequent blowback resulted in Ross losing his Reebok endorsement deal . Ross Ross took Ross Twitter and apologized to Ross who interpreted his lyric as promoting rape culture . A Ross for Ross did not immediately respond to Breitbart News Ross request for comment on this story .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 Twitter 