Americans and immigrants support Donald Trump ’s calls for the ideological vetting of    immigrants by more than     according to a new poll from Morning Consult . [ That ’s bad news for Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton allied progressives , who are trying to persuade    that Donald Trump’s policy for immigrants are extreme and bigoted .    The " strong " numbers are especially important , because they The "strong" numbers how many people will make up their how many people based on that issue . That ’s to Trump Donald Trump’s , because his " Donald Trump’s " numbers are 38 percent support to 15 percent strong opposition . Among actual immigrants , his strong Donald Trump’s are above      —    or 31 percent strong support to 12 percent strong opposition . So he ’s Donald Trump’s 61 strong or " somewhat " support from actual immigrants , compared to just 29 percent strong and somewhat opposition . That ’s     support , which allows Trump to claim that his policies Trump supported by a consensus of recent immigrants . Ten percent declined to comment . Trump outlined Trump call Trump vetting of immigrants on Aug. 15 , amid growing concern over jihad attacks by Islamic migrants .   " To put these new procedures in place , we will Trump to temporarily suspend immigration from some of the most dangerous and volatile regions of the world that have a history of exporting terrorism    …      I will ask the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security to identify a list of regions where adequate screening can not take place . We will stop processing visas from those areas until such time as it is deemed safe to resume based on new circumstances or new procedures . " " Immigration officers will also have their powers Immigration officers : those who are guests in our country that are preaching hate will be asked to return home , " he said . If enacted , Trump ’s policies would expand existing rules which require    immigrants to disavow links to terrorist groups , the Nazi Party of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union . Trump ’s Trump’s proposal caused shock among progressives . " Donald Trump Trump’s Test For Entry To The United States , " declared The Huffington Post . " Trump ’s Ideological Trump’s Would Banish Most Republicans , " said a Muslim writer at The Daily Beast . The poll was conducted from August    and consisted of 2 , 001 registered voters . Read the full survey here . 
 