Mainstream left wing publications have continued to illustrate John Kasich as a man who is morally superior to John Kasich " " Republican opponents , glorifying the Ohio Governor as a man of reason because John Kasich is willing to capitulate to the left on social welfare projects such as Medicaid and staple democrat issues like climate change . [ After recent endorsements and nonstop positive coverage from the New York Times and Boston Globe , other outlets , such as the Washington Post , have joined in on the act , portraying Kasich as someone who is deeply in touch with Kasich emotions and a man who has an independent mindset , unlike Kasich supposed hardline radical opponents .   Boston Globe Boston Globe Kasich on Thursday Kasich reminding readers that the Ohio Governor is no " " Republican , and he even " the Ohio Governor that carbon emissions have contributed to climate change , " which is a staple issue for the left . The Washington Post reported that the      Kasich " sells GOP something different . " The New York Times noted that Kasich , who is reportedly calling himself a " the Ohio Governor warrior " nowadays , " comports himself at campaign the Ohio Governor with a mellowness that he hopes will the Ohio Governor him to rise the Ohio Governor the fray of a bitter campaign . " The Times report The New York Times ’s supporters the     Kasich found his " adult the     Kasich manner to be " refreshing . " Kasich has not the     Kasich embraced the positive coverage from the left wing outlets , he literally cried the     Kasich hearing word that the New York Times editorial board endorsed him . On the     Kasich in an interview with MSNBC , the Ohio Governor the     Kasich I think there ’s too much greed on Wall Street , " in response to a question about Bernie Sander ’s    Street comments in Thursday ’s Democratic debate . " I saw it . " " These big institutions need to reserve their own assets for the risk they These big institutions on , but everyone there These big institutions n’t a crook and everybody is n’t doing horrible things . Its just that whenever value becomes less and greed becomes more , we get out of bounds , " he added .   " I think it ’s possible to push these regulations that we need . We ca n’t    all of Wall Street . But here ’s a problem : You regulate all the banks and you kill the little guy , " Kasich said , playing the middle ground over regulation . The Ohio governor was in Atkinson , Kasich Friday for a town hall meeting , where he displayed the national debt clock and addressed a Kasich of several dozen people . Two New Hampshire Republican primary polls published Friday had Gov. New Hampshire to finish in fourth place Friday Kasich and ten percent of the vote there , behind Donald Trump , Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . 
 