With just 39 days to go in the 2016 presidential race , there is seemingly little that cable news networks and    media " watchdogs " can do to stop the momentum of Donald Trump ’s campaign . [ Media outlets and " fact checkers " have pored over every nook and cranny of Donald Trump’s businesses and campaign since last July they ’ve waited with bated breath for Trump Donald Trump’s say something unforgivable at a rally or a fundraiser , perhaps a    " 47 % " comment that might finally sink his Donald Trump’s campaign good .   But seemingly none of it has worked . While the race remains    close in several battleground states , Friday ’s Los Angeles Times tracking poll has Trump Donald Trump’s six points on Clinton nationally , well outside the poll ’s margin of error . With time running out , reinforcements arrived just this week   —    in the form of Debra Messing , Eric McCormack , Megan Mullally , Sean Hayes and Alec Baldwin . The effort began Monday when NBC dropped a " new scene " from its beloved NBC    2000s sitcom Will and Grace . The show ’s core four cast members had teased a reunion on social media all week , with a final video teaser promising " Will   Grace is Grace " sending fans of the show The show frenzy .   The    scene , released online , is heavy on zingers directed toward Trump as Karen ( Mullally ) a Trump supporter , tries to convince the undecided Jack ( Hayes ) to vote for the Republican candidate . " Honey , if you do n’t vote for Trumpy , there will be wars and monsoons and locusts and hordes of brown people pouring over our borders from every direction , " Karen tells him . " I mean , it ’s one thing if you ’re sitting in the audience at Hamilton , but do you really want to see those people everywhere ? " There ’s jokes about how Karen helped " Karen out " Trump ’s wife , Melania , and about how the " azure green " of the sea at Trump ’s     resort in Florida pairs nicely with the " mahogany brown " of the resort ’s staff . It goes on ’s staff that for a while . Jack is ultimately convinced to vote for Clinton when he ’s told Jack that ’s who Katy Perry is voting for . Fast forward to Wednesday , when Saturday Night Live announced that frequent    Alec Baldwin , fresh off of a stint hosting ABC ’s reboot of Match Game , would play the role of Trump throughout the entirety of the show ’s upcoming 42nd season . Baldwin   —    who has guested on the program a record 16 times   —    is no stranger to the show ’s the show . He appeared in a Baldwin  —   who has guested on the program a record 16 times  —    skit alongside Tina Fey , who played former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in perhaps the show ’s most the show and damaging ) depiction of a politician ever . In fact , it was Fey herself who suggested Baldwin for Fey Trump role to SNL producer Lorne Michaels earlier this summer , Michaels told the Hollywood Reporter SNL producer Lorne Michaels an interview this week . " We were talking about who should do it , " Michaels told this week . " SNL producer Lorne Michaels [ Fey ] said , ‘ Well , the person that should really play it is Alec.’ And I went , ‘ Yeah!’ A light went ‘ . " NBC released a teaser trailer for its October 1 season premiere NBC with the announcement of Baldwin ’s casting on Wednesday . The promo hypes a matchup between Baldwin ’s Trump and Kate Baldwin Clinton in what will almost surely be a    of Monday night ’s presidential debate .   Neither of these developments would matter much if they did n’t illustrate so clearly Neither of these developments level of desperation at which both the political and cultural Left finds itself as the race enters its the political and cultural Left stretch . Celebrities getting the political and cultural Left in politics during an election year is practically passé , at this point . The cast of the West Wing is campaigning for Clinton in Ohio . The stars of The Avengers cut an    PSA for Joss Whedon ’s    Super PAC . The current and former cast and crew of the Star Trek franchise angrily denounced Trump in an open letter . Katy Perry and Zach Galifianakis worked the Funny or Die comedy clip circuit in support of Clinton , while Madonna shed her clothes and posted a photo Madonna social media in an effort to get out the vote . But Will and Grace and SNL are the big guns . The former picked up 16 Emmy Awards over its    run and is often The former by media experts as being hugely influential in Americans’ perception of gay people . University of Minnesota professor Greg Schappa told NPR in a 2012 interview that the show was a " turning point " in American discourse on gay rights , and no less than Vice President Joe Biden has credited the show with having done " the show educate the American public " about gay people than any other entertainment or education initiative . The reunion clip has already been viewed more than five million times . Meanwhile , conservatives need n’t be reminded of how influential Saturday Night Live can be with its    of politicians . Sarah Palin how influential Saturday Night Live said , " I can see Russia from my house " that was Tina Fey mocking the vice presidential nominee in just one of the skits that became devastatingly effective at painting her as geographically challenged and stupid . Sarah Palin began going after Trump last season , most notably with a " Racists for Trump " fake campaign that featured    Trump white supremacists encouraging people to vote for the Republican candidate .   But the possibility of Trump winning the presidency has become so Trump for the left , that some , including former SNL staffer and liberal media personality Dean SNL , say that the show has a " moral obligation " to highlight Trump ’s " racism , sexism and bigotry " in its upcoming season . " Eighty million the show watched the debate , 130 million people will vote , 50 million others are still looking for places to get their news , and comedy can fill Eighty million people gap , " Obeidallah told Politico this week . " Maybe it ’s going to take comedians to do the job that cable news has relinquished for so much of the campaign . " Earlier this month , reports surfaced that Hollywood Democrats were quietly panicking about Hillary Clinton ’s weaknesses and Trump ’s electoral prospects in the election ’s closing stretch . Worried liberals reportedly cornered Republican pollster Frank Luntz at an Emmy Awards    and peppered him with questions about Trump ’s chances Republican pollster Frank Luntz only to be Trump that the pollster could no longer guarantee a Clinton victory , much to their horror Hillary Clinton’s What is clear with the pollster latest salvos from two cultural mainstays is that the panic is no longer quiet . In 39 days , Hollywood and the rest of the left will find out if their    effort can bring down the Hollywood and the rest of the left candidate they ca n’t afford to see elected Hollywood and the rest of the left    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dnzussbaum 
 