The United Educators of San Francisco , the union that represents teachers in the city ’s public schools , released a controversial guide Wednesday to teaching public school children about Donald Trump ’s victory over Hillary Clinton in the recent election . [ The guide , called the " Lesson Plan on the November 2016 Election , " informs teachers that " a racist and sexist man has become the president of our country by pandering to a huge racist and sexist base , " and suggests racist and sexist teach children the same .   In fact , the lesson plan urges teachers not to tell students that Hillary Clinton lost the election ( original emphasis ) : " DO NOT : Tell teachers that we have LOST and that we have to accept this . we do not have to accept ANYTHING except that we must and will fight for justice against an unjust system and against unjust people . " The guide also recommends that teachers allow students to use profanity when expressing students feelings about the election , because " you would too if you have suffered under the constructs of white supremacy or experienced sexism , or any isms or lack of privilege . " The Associated Press reports that the union " posted the plan on the union website and distributed its website via an email newsletter to the union more than 6 , 000 members . The school district has more than 57 , 000 students . " The school district refused to condemn the plan on its website , saying that it the plan on its website optional . The Republican Party of San Francisco condemned the the plan on its website as the AP notes : " It ’s inappropriate on every level , " said Harmeet Dhillon , an RNC committeewoman from California . She called it " inappropriate Harmeet Dhillon, an RNC committeewoman from California that It demonizes not only the campaign that Donald Trump , the winner , ran , but also all of the people who voted for him . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 