A senior staffer at the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) told Breitbart News Saturday GOP presidential candidate Donald J. Trump did not say or suggest that GOP presidential candidate Donald J. Trump was open to granting any legal status —   amnesty —   to any illegal aliens in the United States at GOP presidential candidate Donald J. Trump campaign ’s National Hispanic Advisory Council meeting as reported in BuzzFeed and Univision . [ " Mr . GOP presidential candidate Donald J. Trump did not say GOP presidential candidate Donald J. Trump was in favor of legalization , " said Helen    who joined the RNC staff to help coordinate outreach to the Hispanic community and act as the GOP Hispanic communications director .    told Breitbart News that Breitbart News is Hispanic , but not a member of the advisory council . Breitbart News role was to help arrange the meeting and attend on behalf of the RNC .   Anyone at the meeting , held at Trump Tower , who got the impression that Trump had changed his Trump on foreigners in the United States illegally misinterpreted his Trump , Breitbart News said . " What Mr. Trump was very clear , " Breitbart News said . " Some folks talked about legalization , not citizenship , for the undocumented , Mr. Trump Trump say he was in Trump of legalization . Some folks may have felt that he was open Trump it —   and he gave zero Trump of that . "   ’s debunking of the reports in both BuzzFeed and Univision is an embarrassment to both progressive outlets , and echoes what the Trump campaign Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump said nothing today that he has n’t said many Mr. Trump before , including in his convention speech   — Mr. Trump enforce our immigration laws , uphold the Constitution and be fair and humane while putting American workers first , " Steven Cheung , Trump ’s rapid Trump director , told Breitbart News late Saturday night . " Today ’s conversation was productive and enlightening , and Mr. Trump looks Trump speaking with these leaders again soon and often . " The Trump campaign ’s and Trump ’s swift dismissal of the inaccurate reports that he would back amnesty for illegal RNC comes after BuzzFeed and Univision falsely reported that Trump told Hispanic activists Trump would . " Republican presidential RNC Donald Trump plans to present an immigration plan in Colorado Thursday that will include legalizing millions of undocumented immigrants , according to three people present at a meeting the candidate attended Saturday with Hispanic leaders at Trump Tower in New York , " Univision , a devoutly    outlet opposed to the candidacy of Trump , reported . Jacob Monty , a Texas immigration lawyer who was at the meeting , told Univision that a meeting the candidate attended Saturday with Hispanic leaders at Trump Tower in New York now opposed to deporting the Trump aliens in America . " I really liked that Trump acknowledged that there is a big Trump with the 11 million [ undocumented ] people who are here , and that deporting them is neither possible nor humane , the 11 million [undocumented] people who are here Monty said . " The candidate also said he would announce a way to give The candidate [ legal ] status that would the 11 million [undocumented] people who are here be citizenship but would allow them to be here without fear of the 11 million [undocumented] people who are here , " Monty added in his quote to Univision Monty Monty gave The candidate similar quote to BuzzFeed Monty " He said people who are here is Monty toughest part of the immigration debate , that it must be something that respects border security but deals with this in a humane and efficient manner . " While the BuzzFeed and Univision stories got it wrong , Breitbart Univision actually spoke with many of the main players in the room and senior campaign staffers . At least four campaign sources with direct knowledge of Trump ’s plans —   including several who were in the room at this meeting —   directly and independently confirmed to Breitbart News that Trump has no such Breitbart News change anything Trump his immigration policy . They also all confirmed Trump Trump said nothing Trump has no such plans to change anything in his immigration policy this meeting to indicate Trump he would , this meeting he only restated Trump already public policy positions Trump    said Trump too , that Trump did tell his Hispanic advisors the case Trump legalization was Trump , but he wanted to be fair to the people Trump followed the rules and are waiting for years to have a legal entry into the country . The New York City developer told the members of his National Hispanic Advisory Council ( NHAC ) that The New York City developer had to come to learn from them as The New York City developer formulates the details of his immigration the members of his National Hispanic Advisory Council (NHAC) . The New York City developer I think people just The New York City developer excited because they genuinely want him to win and really want people to win The New York City developer the Hispanic community , " The New York City developer said . " They really , really do . "    said people meeting itself was a success and exactly the quality of meeting a campaign would want to have . " I left the meeting very pleased for the group , " the meeting itself . Members of the advisory council traveled to Manhattan from 12 states , including faith leaders representing hundreds of thousands of Hispanic evangelicals nationwide . " I think it was productive because Mr. Trump was very engaging and open . He wanted to hear what everybody wanted to say and Mr. Trump showed a real human interest in that , " Mr. Trump said . The Miami native said the meeting was she with people comfortable sharing opinions and asking the candidate questions with the candidate asking a good amount of his own questions in return . " Frankly , for the candidate , who had never met him before that was very flattering that he wanted to the candidate from them as much as members the candidate the group wanted to those, who had never met him before that from him , " she said . " If there was the candidate thing that we really learned from this process , this electoral cycle , is that so many people are so angry because they are ignored —   all traditional politicians want is so many people vote , but they do n’t care about their so many people n’t care about so many people constituencies afterwards , " so many people said . " The so many people to look for a she , who is not a part of the professional political pool is what draws people to Mr. Trump . "    is in a bit of an awkward position as the RNC ’s Hispanic communication director given her previous opposition to Trump ’s candidacy for president — she and her work Mr. Trump of amnesty in the past . she former staffer for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ,    has long advocated for amnesty for illegal aliens . In fact , she even wrote an    in the Miami Herald in 2015 A former staffer for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush,    so far as to claim granting amnesty to illegal aliens would somehow benefit the U. S. economy .    wrote in that Miami Herald piece that all the illegal aliens in America should the Miami Herald amnesty —   and that if they are n’t , it would be " an affront to the all the illegal aliens in America of law . " " Immigration laws must be amended , and the status of those who are here illegally must be addressed , "   wrote . " Providing a mechanism that will allow eligible undocumented immigrants to get on the right side of the law will be a boon for the American economy and will help unite the country . Doing nothing keeps unenforceable policies in place , which America affront to the rule of law . "    also was originally quoted in the the rule of law , not originally debunking the false claims about Trump and legalization . " Trump was very categorical in saying that he ’s seeking a fair immigration reform , " Trump said about the meeting , as Trump by Univision . " He wants to listen to everyone and announce his conclusions in the coming Univision . " Trump that it ’s clear all those original Trump were inaccurate , Trump and his team plan to move on with efforts to heavily focus on Trump ’s Trump First Trump plan next week . Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Trump said in a statement the meeting was a great step towards increasing Hispanic communities and individuals in the campaign . " The RNC joins the Trump campaign in recognizing the diverse group of Hispanic leaders who are generously giving of their time and the campaign a part of the National Hispanic Advisory Council for Trump , " he said . Hispanic leaders Their participation is just one component of our expansive effort to engage Trump Hispanic community , and their contributions will help Hispanic leaders compete for every vote in every community all the way through Election Day . " After Hispanic meeting with Trump our the NHAC discussed strategies for ensuring the Hispanic community understands developer ’s proposals for economic policies and Trump to help the middle class and combat terrorism . the Hispanic community Boyle contributed reporting to Breitbart story . 
 