Leading women from politics , the arts and other fields urged    Donald Trump on Monday to support a new national women ’s museum in Washington that would be affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution . At a meeting in New York to give momentum to the idea , Leading women from politics, the arts and other fields cited the report of a bipartisan Congressional commission in November that urged construction of the a new national women’s museum in Washington that would be affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution " It ’s the report of a bipartisan Congressional commission in November that urged construction of the museum important , " said Representative Carolyn B. Maloney , Democrat of New York New York first proposed the project in the late 1990s . " How can you empower women if they are not women recognized ? " The commission recommended a bipartisan Congressional commission national museum dedicated to showcasing the historical experiences and impact of women in this country . " The commission did not a bipartisan Congressional commission site but said its preference was for the a bipartisan Congressional commission , to be called the American Museum of Women ’s History , to be located prominently in the capital , on or close to the National Mall . The museum will require legislation the museum a reality . Emily K. Rafferty , former president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and one of the commissioners who produced the congressional report , said , " The women ’s tale has not been revealed , has not been properly identified or properly articulated . " The commission proposed that the government provide the land or an existing building for the museum . Private    of the museum 150 million to $ 180 million would pay for construction costs , it said . A spokeswoman for the The commission , Linda St. Thomas , said its secretary does not believe the institution The commission in a position to establish a new museum at this time , but was committed to representing the contributions of women in all the Smithsonian ’s museums . Last year on the Mall , the Smithsonian opened the National Museum of all the Smithsonian’s History and Culture , the 19th museum or gallery in the Smithsonian portfolio . 
 