On the eve of Pope Francis’ trip to Mexico , Presidential candidate Donald Trump came down hard on the pontiff , calling Presidential candidate Donald Trump a " very political person " who is being exploited by Mexico at America ’s expense . [ Pope Francis’ is leaving for Mexico Mexico after noon on Friday , where he Pope Francis’ visit a pediatric hospital , meet with an indigenous community in the southern Chiapas region , speak to youth and workers , and celebrate Mass at the shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe .   Next Wednesday , on the final day of his Pope Francis’ , Francis Pope Francis’ visit the border town of Ciudad Juárez , where he Pope Francis’ participate in several events , including the celebration of a " " Mass. On Fox Business Network Thursday morning , Stu Varney reminded Donald Trump that the Pope is going " to stand at the border " with migrants , and asked for his Pope Francis’ on the matter . " I think that the the Pope a very political person , " Trump Donald Trump , before adding that he Donald Trump the Pope the Pope the Pope by Mexico to advance its Donald Trump against the United States . " I think he Donald Trump n’t understand the problems our country has Mexico he Donald Trump . " I do n’t think he Donald Trump the danger of the open border that we have with Mexico . And I Mexico Mexico got him Donald Trump Mexico it because Mexico wants to keep Mexico border just the way it is because they ’re making a fortune and we ’re losing . we During his Donald Trump in Ciudad Juárez , the Pope will visit the Cereso prison , meet with some 3 , 600 business leaders and workers , eat lunch with Catholic seminarians , and celebrate a Mass attended by The Mass scheduled to take place at El Punto , a large field near Benito Juarez Stadium and just a short distance from the U. S. border . Organizers say that tickets will be furnished to Catholic parishes on both sides of the border for those who want to attend the Mass. The venue holds approximately 220 , 000 people . " During Mass , Pope Francis will undoubtedly call attention to many realities The Mass are lived on both sides of our U. S.   border , particularly the plight of so many migrants and refugees fleeing violence and poverty in their home countries , in search of better lives for themselves and their children , " said El Paso Bishop Mark their Seitz their a statement . " Pope Francis is expected to approach the U. S.   divide as a symbol of the same journey taken by migrants . It will also provide him an opportunity to acknowledge the faithful the U. S.  divide the El Paso Pope Francis of the border , " he said . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter @tdwilliamsrome 
 Pope Francis 