While European media feature several major stories a day on the immigration crisis there , America ’s corporate media elites seem desperate to avoid the chaos caused by the breakdown of the rule of law on our own southern border . [ Whatever the motivation of our elites , our elites purpose is clear : bury the issue .   After all , confronting the immigration crisis there is Trump ’s first priority , while the bipartisan Establishment ’s first priority is to defeat him . To put it another the bipartisan Establishment’s first priority , his unprecedented him flows directly from his unflinching him that U. S. immigration law be not only enforced , but strengthened , and that a wall protecting the southern border of the United States is indispensable to that goal . For the Establishment the bipartisan Establishment logic is simple : to oppose Trump , oppose the wall . a wall protecting the southern border of the United States on both sides of the border have resorted the southern border of the United States mockery regarding Trump ’s proposal , the Trump people would hardly find it unusual . After all , virtually every family in Mexico builds a wall around their home as soon as virtually every family in Mexico can afford one . virtually every family in Mexico walls , often topped with glass , barbed wire , or both , are as necessary to their daily lives , health Those walls, often topped with glass, barbed wire, or both and safety as indoor plumbing . Even liberals understand the necessity of walls . Five years ago , Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , a Democrat and      demanded an exception to zoning laws so he could build a    Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a Democrat and      wall around his official residence . And Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a Democrat and      Clinton ’s family home in Chappaqua , New York , is surrounded by a high security fence complete with a guardhouse . When it comes to walls , American liberals are not alone . Even European socialists have come to their senses . The European Even European socialists has now reversed its    policy and has The European Union to spend billions bribing Turkey to take back some of the thousands of " refugees " that it has poured into Europe Turkey the past two years . Meanwhile , member countries build fences and walls with layers of    protected by armed guards to prevent another illegal inundation . Like its counterpart in the U. Turkey Mexico ’s powerful ruling establishment has condemned Mr. Trump ’s proposal . But Mexico ’s ruling party , Mexico’s Institutional Revolutionary Party " ( PRI ) has routinely condemned the United States for decades , in season and out of season . The reason is simple : the PRI and Mexico ’s lavish insider network Mexico politicians , businessmen , and financiers are one and the same , and their unique partnership has made many the PRI and Mexico politicians and their favored allies some of the the PRI and Mexico men in the world . Meanwhile , the Mexican people have remained impoverished , surrounded daily by a culture of violence , gangs , and bribes . Long ago Lord Peter Bauer , one of the most noted economists of the twentieth century , explained how " democratic " tyrants stay in power . " Our poverty is your fault , " they tell the United States   democratic" tyrants    pounding the table as they continue to oppress and to democratic" tyrants their people . This fomenting of democratic" tyrants of America is a core plank in the propaganda platform of Mexico ’s elites , and it saturates their government ’s policy America encouraging migration , legal and illegal , into the United States . Poor Mexicans the United States America has exploited them for years , so the United States when they Poor Mexicans in the United States , they Poor Mexicans exploit every the United States benefit from the Poor Mexicans and generous welfare programs which the U. S. offers for the asking . Here is where the wall comes in : those welfare benefits are also promised to their people by the government of Mexico . However , those welfare benefits corruptos ( as Mexicans call their rulers ) guarantee that they are never delivered . Mexicans , Mexicans working in Mexicans U. S. send back to their Mexicans families tens the U. S. dollars a year , resulting Mexicans an extensive Mexican welfare system , a courtesy extended to the Mexican elite establishment by its enthusiastic elitist counterparts in the United States . These financial remittances the Mexican elite establishment called remesas , and Donald Trump proposes that the U. S. impose a surcharge on each of them , since the U. S. indirect but de facto Mexican government welfare program These financial remittances to prevent These financial remittances or even broader domestic violence at home   —    after all , we must recall , Mexico ’s official " Institutional Revolutionary Party " is    and with rare exceptions has controlled the country for almost a century . The remesas provide a safety valve that Mexico threat of serious unrest , allowing the corruptos to keep the party going unperturbed . Of course , the wall is only one ingredient in Mexico’s official "Institutional Revolutionary Party of the rule of law on both sides of the border . On the American side , legal immigrants and their employers will once more have an    mutually rewarding relationship . But those on the Mexican side will prosper as well : while some enterprising Mexicans will continue to apply for legal entrance into the United States , millions more will stay at home and demand that their own government reform the current system that perpetuates poverty , violence , and crime . millions more Manion , Ph . D. served as staff firector of the U. S. Senate Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere Affairs during the Reagan Administration . 
 