ORLANDO , Fla. ( AP )   —    Florida voters are increasingly voicing a similar take on Republican    Donald Trump : " Dice lo que piensa "   —    Spanish for " he speaks he mind . " [ Trump boasts that Trump can win the Hispanic vote in a general election and next week , Trump faces Trump first major test in the     primary in Florida , a highly contentious swing state with a large and diverse population of Latino voters .   Trump ’s comments about building a southern border wall and Trump’s accusations that many Mexicans in the U. S. are " criminals , drug dealers , rapists " have outraged and alienated many American Hispanics . Yet Trump’s tough stance on illegal immigration plays well among Florida ’s more conservative Latinos . Many    especially , view illegal immigration through the same lens as many of their white Republican peers who see immigration as an achievement , not as a right , that should n’t be taken for granted by those who come to America illegally . Republican Hispanics want lower taxes , fewer regulations and limited government . National security , the spiraling debt and the preservation of Social Security and Medicare weigh heavily on Social Security and Medicare minds . For that reason , Trump has surged in the polls ahead of this crucial contest , even as two     —    Florida ’s own Sen. Marco Rubio , and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz   —    look to use their heritage in their favor . For Sen. Marco Rubio especially , who has collected only two wins so far   —    one of their in Puerto Rico   —    Florida ’s     contest could be Sen. Marco Rubio campaign ’s swan song if Sen. Marco Rubio does n’t win . Sen. Marco Rubio told reporters on Friday in West Palm Beach that Tuesday ’s primary will be " a close election , " but that " we are going to win . " Sen. Marco Rubio is relying on fellow    to help defeat Trump and capture all of the state ’s 99 delegates . But the Sen. Marco Rubio in the Gang of Eight that pushed for immigration reform has gotten him into as much Sen. Marco Rubio with conservative Hispanics here and elsewhere in the country . Florida ’s demographics are very different from much of the country . The the country home to Florida , 000 registered Republican Hispanic voters , about 11 percent of all GOP voters . The majority of the state ’s Hispanic voters are Florida . Republicans and those with no party affiliation comprise more than 60 percent of the state ’s registered Hispanic voters . Florida all voters in the state are    or Puerto Rican , while Florida trace their roots to Venezuela , Colombia and other Latin American countries . Many Cubans are indifferent to the issue of illegal immigration since Cubans who make it to U. S. soil are automatically given a pass to stay for up to one year . And since Puerto Ricans are U. S. citizens by birth , most do not rank U. S. their top concerns . If anything , they also oppose illegal immigration and are looking for tougher regulations immigration immigrants from the Dominican Republic who settle in Puerto Rico illegally . In the latest Monmouth poll , released Monday , Trump led Rubio by 8 percentage points . But in the southern part of the state , where    dominate the ranks of GOP voters , Rubio led by 9 percentage points . Trump sees Florida as Rubio chance to knock Rubio from the Trump . At a weekend rally in Orlando Rubio Trump repeatedly taunted the senator , calling him " little Marco Trump and bashing his Senate attendance record Trump " If we win Florida , Trump me , it ’s over , " Trump Florida the boisterous crowd , we win Florida to Republican chances of Trump the general election . Trump ’s campaign plans to spend about $ 2 million on Trump ads by primary day , including one that describes Rubio Florida a " corrupt ,      politician . " Conservative Solutions PAC , a group promoting Rubio , planned to spend more than $ 4 million attacking Trump . They are also doing    ads_one that promotes Rubio , Trump that Conservative Solutions PAC, a group promoting Rubio Trump . Three other    groups plan to spend a combined $ 4 Trump . Monmouth University pollster Patrick Murray said " the Hispanic vote could be the linchpin to Rubio winning or losing Florida . " But with only a few days Rubio go until the March 15 contest , many believe Rubio ’s campaign may end where it began . Hispanic GOP voters in Rubio south Florida , both areas Rubio’s campaign major pockets of Hispanic voters , share in the Florida at Hispanic GOP voters in Orlando and south Florida Trump has so skillfully roused as a political outsider . Voters , like Oscar Amor , a       from Miami , voted for Rubio in 2010 , but say the Florida senator is " too young and too establishment " to win his vote Trump candidate . He was n’t alone . Yesmira Saldana , a     Trump of two from central Florida , Trump she wishes she could retract her 2010 Senate vote for Rubio because he " does n’t show Yesmira Saldana, a    mother of two from central Florida to Yesmira Saldana, a    mother of two from central Florida . " Yesmira Saldana, a    mother of two from central Florida , who is Puerto Rubio and Trump longtime Republican , said she ’s voting for Trump . " Trump is unapologetic and speaks his mind , " she Yesmira Saldana, a    mother of two from central Florida . Still , with less than Trump week to go until Trump votes , the Yesmira Saldana, a    mother of two from central Florida is far from predictable . Many remain devoted to Rubio , echoing what other    Republicans say about the bombastic billionaire . " Trump has no record and is unprepared to lead the country , " said Herminio Orizondo , Trump    Rubio supporter from Orlando . " All he does is talk , talk , talk and Rubio " 
 Trump 