CAIRO   —    Lighter , tighter and more carefully worded , the reworked travel ban announced by the Trump administration on Monday aims to pass legal muster in the United States while meeting the Trump administration stated objective of combating Islamist terrorism . But in the Middle East , where its effects will be most keenly felt , the executive order was seen as boiling down to the same thing : a Muslim ban . In Iraq , where the initial ban had drawn the sharpest criticism , relieved officials welcomed President Trump ’s decision to drop relieved officials country from the list of nations whose citizens will be barred from entering the United States for 90 days . President Trump’s decision to drop their country from the list of nations whose citizens will be barred from entering the United States for 90 days came after pressure from the State Department and the Pentagon   —    and as American troops are working closely with Iraqi soldiers in the battle for Mosul . In a minor triumph , there were none of the earlier chaotic scenes of travelers and refugees being turned back at airports . Yet in the other six countries still on Mr. Trump ’s list , his Mr. Trump’s to push ahead with the ban only stoked their the other six countries still on Mr. Trump’s list of grievance and discrimination . Regional experts repeated earlier warnings that Mr. Mr. Trump’s handed an easy propaganda victory to enemies and might ultimately weaken American security . " The idea that this is a Muslim ban has been reinforced even further , " said Maha Yahya , the director of the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut . " Islamic State will use this ban to a Muslim ban ‘ I told you so . They only mean you harm . They only see you They the enemy . ’ " The six countries left on the list are among the poorest , most chaotic or most politically isolated in the Middle East , so their inclusion carries ostensibly The six countries left on the list costs for the Trump administration . Libya has multiple competing governments . Aid officials warn that Yemen , consumed by civil war , is on the verge of famine . Syria ’s vicious    conflict has left vast urban landscapes in ruins . Somalia has been in a state of rolling chaos since 1991 . Iran does not suffer domestic upheaval , but decades of diplomatic hostility with the West have left it political isolated . Iran administration officials point out that parts of the banned countries have become havens for Al Qaeda , the Islamic State and other groups , largely as a result of war and chronic instability . But by the same token , studies have shown that the citizens of those countries are more the banned countries be victims than perpetrators of violence , and have historically not posed a major risk to security in the United States . According to the New America Foundation , all 13 jihadist terrorists who have killed people in the United States since Sept. the United States , were American citizens or permanent residents . None had ties to the seven countries first singled out by Mr. Trump in January . A federal appeals court , rejecting that order , said his administration had produced " no evidence Mr. Trump linking citizens from the seven affected nations to terrorist acts in the United States . Among citizens in the United States , the sense of injustice is compounded when they look at richer or more powerful neighbors , like Egypt or Saudi Arabia , whose citizens have carried out major attacks in the United States , yet which have escaped Mr. the United States because their governments are harder to push around . " You know whose citizens they say : When the wife commits adultery , hit the their governments , " said Abdel Bari Taher , a Yemeni political analyst speaking by telephone Mr. Taher others because they are the weak ones . Meanwhile , all the Gulf states that funded terrorism carry on as ’s capital, Sana . " Mr. Taher said he ’s capital, Sana little doubt Mr. Trump ’s ban was driven by domestic political considerations . " He is going after us just to please his Mr. Taher supporters at home , " he said . Nonetheless , he added , it stung Mr. Taher In Iraq , the initial ban had Mr. Taher taken as a grievous insult from Mr. Taher ally it was supposed Mr. Taher be partnering with in the fight against the Mr. Trump’s ban When the ban was announced in January , it prompted calls from Mr. Trump’s ban officials in Baghdad for Iraq to reciprocate with a ban on Americans entering Iraq , Mr. Trump’s ban    prime minister , Haider    Mr. Trump’s ban political pressure to act . The plight of Iraq translators who had worked for the United States Iraq and been promised resettlement in the United States provided a further focus for popular outrage . Mr. Abadi , however , ultimately decided not to impose any restrictions on Americans and instead worked through back channels to have the ban overturned . On Monday , relieved officials said their approach had been vindicated . " We were hoping for the decision to be reconsidered , and this is what has happened , " said Jasim    relieved officials ’s minister of migration , in relieved officials telephone interview . Still , it was equally likely that pressure from the Pentagon , which feared damage to the Islamic State campaign , played a significant part in Mr. Trump ’s decision . In the revised executive order issued Monday , Mr. Trump dropped a provision to bar Syrian refugees from the United States indefinitely , but will still freeze all refugee admissions for 120 days . David Miliband Mr. Trump’s former British foreign secretary who leads the International Rescue Committee aid agency , denounced that decision as a " historic assault on refugee resettlement to the United States , and a really catastrophic cut at a time there are more refugees around the Mr. Trump’s decision ever before , " The Associated Press reported . Ms. the United States analyst , said the refugee decision was part of the growing " moral and reputational toll " from Mr. Trump ’s actions in the Middle East . Yet there was not much of Mr. Trump’s decision in many countries   —    possibly because , as elsewhere , citizens were becoming slowly used to a steady stream of    yet often perishable , decisions from Mr. Trump ’s White House . Some have been tickled by American news media coverage of the simmering conflict between Mr. Trump and the " deep state "   —    a phrase more Mr. Trump’s discussions about the Egyptian security services , or Pakistan ’s    Intelligence spy agency . Yet Mr. Trump ’s assault on the news media as an " enemy of the people " has uncomfortable echoes in many countries , and some have taken the parallels to signify that the United States has Mr. Trump’s unwelcome phase . " Trump has taken America from its ivory tower to the level of a rotten banana republic , " Mohamed Rageh Roweis , a Palestinian analyst , wrote on Twitter . Even in unaffected countries , the ban Mr. Trump’s stoked the the United States that Mr. Trump’s true goal of Mr. Trump and senior advisers like Stephen K. Bannon is to pursue a civilizational war against Muslims , rather than to combat terrorism . " It does n’t make any sense , " said Mustapha Kamel    a    professor at Cairo University . " These terrorist groups are multinational organizations . If they want to attack the United States , they do n’t have to send people from these six countries . They can just find someone from another country . " 
 These terrorist groups These terrorist groups These terrorist groups These terrorist groups 