Days after ordering a recount , an    federal judge in Michigan has ended Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein ’s efforts in Michigan , one that Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein’s acknowledged included zero chance of changing the outcome of the 2016 presidential election . Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein’s now says Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein’s will appeal . [ Federal law requires the Electoral College to be ready to cast Federal law votes to elect the next president by December 19 , 2016 . Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein’s sued on December 2 , challenging the pause required by Michigan law as unconstitutional , under which a recount could not begin until December 7 —   two days after the state canvassing board denied Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein’s objections to the state canvassing board certifying the result .   U. S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith of the Eastern District of Michigan had originally granted a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) —   the most extreme form of judicial action —   ordering state officials to begin a recount on December 5 . Michigan and the Michigan Republican Party filed an emergency appeal , and the next day , the TRO was upheld in a    decision by the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit . ( Of the two judges voting to affirm the lower court , one was appointed by Bill Clinton , the other by Barack Obama . ) Judge David McKeague vigorously dissented , writing : The the U. S. Court of Appeals its a   decision by the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit concluding the U. S. Court of Appeals Stein had shown " a likelihood of success on the merits " of the claim that the    waiting period could result in a violation of the First Amendment right to vote , with even identifying any factual basis for Stein ’s allegation that Stein aggrieved on account Stein fraud or mistake . McKeague noted that the lower court had acknowledged that theoretically there might be the mere " potential " for some sort of fraud perpetrated by a computer hacker —   again with no evidence . Thus , McKeague continued , the TRO McKeague granted in a " manifest display of partiality and overreach . " He then quoted Chief Justice McKeague Roberts’ dissent from the    marriage case Obergefell v. Hodges , where Roberts wrote , " Astounding ! " adding , " Just who do we think we are ? " The we courts hearing Stein ’s case speculated that McKeague Michigan courts had not ruled that candidates lack standing to assert the supposed rights of voters of another state , they would regard the allegations candidates this suit as claiming a personal injury sufficient for a federal court to weigh in . But the    majority on the panel hedged their ruling by adding , the   majority on the panel If , subsequently , the Michigan courts determine that Plaintiffs’ recount is improper under Michigan state law for any Michigan , we expect the district court to entertain any properly filed motions to dissolve or modify its order in this case the district court " Since there was a parallel lawsuit in state courts at the moment , the Michigan courts immediately responded the Michigan courts there is no such right under state law . So the trial court then dissolved ( i. the district court the TRO , and the recount ended as quickly as it had begun . Judge Goldsmith ruled that the the district court plaintiffs have not presented evidence of tampering or mistake . Instead , they present speculative claims going to the vulnerability of the "plaintiffs voting machinery —   but not actual injury . "    Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clinton by 10 , 704 votes in Michigan . There are no credible allegations that any sort of recount would actually reverse the outcome of the election . Even if there were , this would not confer standing on Stein to seek a recount , since she received only one percent of the vote in Stein , so no court decision would result in Michigan winning the state ’s 16 Electoral College votes Stein Stein said that she was , instead , pursuing Stein recount as Stein form of audit so that Michigan citizens could have the satisfaction of knowing whether Michigan election results were precisely accurate , giving them confidence in the electoral system . That is Michigan citizens the role the Constitution assigns to federal courts . In Article III , the Supreme Law of Land confines the " judicial power " to deciding cases or controversies in which ( 1 ) the plaintiff has suffered a distinct and concrete personal injury ( separate from society at large ) ( 2 ) that can be fairly traced to the defendant , and ( 3 ) which the court can remedy if it grants the requested relief . Thus , the the court does not empower courts to indulge Stein the Constitution of Michigan voters’ rights Stein can sue over some injury she has suffered that Stein court could fix , but Michigan voters’ rights Stein the alleged injuries of others . Even Goldsmith —   a judicial activist appointed by Barack Obama —   acknowledged this . " A recount as an audit of the election , " he wrote , " has never been endorsed by any Even Goldsmith —  a judicial activist appointed by Barack Obama —   . " Stein ’s lawyers say they are appealing the decision , Michigan voters’ rights Stein of the filing Stein’s lawyers this report , no additional papers have been filed either with the trial court or the appeals court . The case is Stein v. Bradshaw , any court ( E. D. Mich. Michigan voters’ rights Stein . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 