A key point to remember about American Greatness is that you can see it : it ’s tangible . [ If America is rich , if America middle class is prosperous , you can tell . If our military is strong , you can see that , too . If we ’re winning our wars and destroying our enemies , our know it —   and so does the foe . If our are doing cool things , that ’s visible , too : it ’s our test pilots breaking the    it ’s our scientists developing the polio vaccine , it ’s our astronauts walking on the moon , it ’s our entrepreneurs debuting the next      or launching the next reusable rocket . Again , the common thread in American Greatness is reality , technology —   that is , tangibility .   As a    developer , Donald Trump has been building tangibles all Donald Trump career . The building , and all its parts , either stands tall and looks good , or its does n’t . The same holds true for a golf course , or a resort —   or even a beauty pageant . And now , in politics , Donald Trump brings Donald Trump emphasis on the real , and the tangible , with Donald Trump as Donald Trump enters the political arena . When Donald Trump says , " Build a wall on the    border , " everyone can visualize a wall on the   border . Whether one loves the idea —   as do a majority of Americans , and an overwhelming majority of Republicans —   or hates the idea , a wall on the   border ’s a real thing in the mind . When Donald Trump says Donald Trump would " bomb the [ bleep ] " out of ISIS , that ’s a real thing , too . Tangible . No , Trump has never been about intangibles —   theories . In business , Trump made real things , and now , in politics , Trump describes the real things Trump will do in office . Real things , we might add , that are in service to America . Sophisticated observers are noticing that Trump is truly something different . Peggy Noonan , in the April 28 edition of The Wall Street Journal , wrote an important piece , " Simple Patriotism Trumps Ideology . " As Peggy Noonan put it , " Trump ’s appeal is simple : What Trump Trump believe , what they Trump supporters as they Trump supporters him Trump is that he Trump on America ’s side . " Continuing , Noonan added that Trump Trump blunt and concrete appeal marks a huge change from the style of his Noonan predecessors , who have dealt mostly in abstractions . Whereas Trump Trump as we have seen , traffics in tangibles , George W. Bush and Barack Obama traded in intangibles . This lack of specificity , Noonan Noonan —   combined with alien ,    ideology —   was disturbing to ordinary Americans : They ordinary Americans that for 16 years Presidents Bush George W. Bush Obama Barack Obama largely about ideologies . They ordinary Americans not so much on America ’s side as on the side of abstract notions about justice and the needs of the world . Mr. Barack Obama ideological notions are leftist , and indeed he is Barack Obama hero of the international left . He is Barack Obama international    agreements , and leftist views of gender , race and income equality . Mr. Bush ’s White House was driven by a different ideology —   neoconservatism , democratizing , nation building , defeating evil in the world , privatizing Social Security . In other words , too much ideology , not enough practicality —   not enough tangibility . But that ’s not Trump ’s problem . We do n’t hear him saying Trump like,"Islam is peace , " or " diversity is our strength We " Instead , he is Trump real things , like building fences , or bringing jobs home , or destroying ISIS . A further indicator that Trump is Trump something different came on March 26 , when he identified Trump in a New York Times interview , his two Trump eras in America history . In describing both eras his two favorite eras in America history was Trump on the tangibles . The first era was the turn of the 20th century , back when Theodore Roosevelt was our 26th president . As Trump said of that time , " If you really look at it , it was the turn of the [ 20th ] century , that ’s when we were a great , when we were really we to go robust . " Continuing , he added — Theodore Roosevelt combining metaphor , literalism , and a dollop of his own    Theodore Roosevelt —   we were " we that machine , that machine was that machine on entrepreneurship . " The second of those    eras was the middle of the last century : " I would say . . . during the 1940s . . . the late ‘ 40s and ‘ 50s . . . we were not we around , we were respected we everybody , we had just we a war . " The presidents back then , of course , were Franklin D. Roosevelt , Harry Truman , and Dwight Eisenhower all of them , to use The presidents back then language , were definitely winners . Perhaps it ’s just a coincidence , but popular culture today is reinforcing Trump . The new movie , Captain America : Civil War , opened last weekend to a colossal domestic box office gross of $ 179 million . Okay , but even if the title is Captain America —   a character that debuted in the wartime year of 1941 —   maybe it ’s only a movie , and nothing more . Yet Wired magazine , for one , thinks that the success of the film is , in fact , a legitimate indicator . In an article , " How Captain America Became Marvel ’s    Secret Weapon , " writer Brian Raftery observes , " Just a few years ago , it would have been hard to imagine a    Marvel character less destined for    than Captain America . " That is , " In a comic book universe full of coolly vengeful mutants and relatably angsty teen heroes , the World War      has always seemed almost defiantly square —   a throwback to the      era in which he was created . " And yet , continues Raftery , Captain America ’s " Captain America discipline " and " patriotically charged uniform " have struck a chord with today ’s audiences . And so , the author concludes , Captain America is now " Captain America valuable soldier in the Marvel    universe . " Yes , the country wants something different from what we ’ve had . The polls showing huge majorities of Americans declaring that we are on the wrong track we proof of that . So yeah , it ’s about time we had a president who focused we real things —   real deliverables for people —   and not theories . On May 12 , Peter Morici , an economist at the University of Maryland , outlined the failure of the status quo , using cutting words : Politicians at all levels —   obsessed with political correctness , victimhood and identity politics —   have dumped billions into failing public schools and universities , financed an increasing array of entitlements instead of adequate public investments in RD and the infrastructure needed to support a    economy , sowed divisions and suspicion among ethnic groups , between men and women , and the successful and those deserving a genuine hand up . Continuing in this vein , Morici added : High schools churn out students unprepared for college or vocational programs , and many university graduates lack the critical thinking and technical skills needed to prosper in a    workplace . To Morici , and all the rest Morici us , the results of this systemic failure are , well , tangible : Since 2000 , annual GDP growth has slowed to 1 . 7 percent , new business startups and the percentage of adults working are down , and average annual family incomes have slipped $ 4000 . This is America , 2016 the country , as we know , is currently a mess —   and the root of the problem is bad leadership . If Hillary Clinton thinks that she can run and win on Hillary Clinton promise of bringing , in effect , a third term for Obama , well , with apologies to Judas Priest , she ’s got another thing coming Hillary Clinton Indeed , she faces , one might say Hillary Clinton a rendezvous with destiny this November , a rendezvous with a cold and harsh reality . Very cold , very harsh . Then , beginning in 2017 , it will be President Trump ’s opportunity to build his vision for America . And President Trump’s ’s a safe bet that it in the spirit of the great 20th century presidents whom Trump admires , that vision will President Trump’s tangible — his vision for America as all   . 
 