Stan Pate , the millionaire behind the air campaign against billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump at the Rose Bowl , denies that Stan Pate, the millionaire behind the air campaign against billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump at the Rose Bowl attack has a connection to any of the political candidates in 2016 . [ " I have not had any conversations with any campaign in almost a year , " Stan Pate, the millionaire behind the air campaign against billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump at the Rose Bowl said in an interview with Breitbart News . " This is all me . "   Stan Pate, the millionaire behind the air campaign against billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump at the Rose Bowl cited rules governing SuperPACs preventing Stan Pate, the millionaire behind the air campaign against billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump at the Rose Bowl from coordinating with any of the candidates . Pate ’s air campaign featured five airplanes in the sky above the Rose Bowl campaign writing    messages that went viral on social media . But Pate has n’t been entirely disengaged from political activity surrounding the 2016 election . Pate admitted that Pate met privately with Sen. Marco Rubio early in 2015 , but insisted that Pate has not had contact with Pate’s air campaign since then . " This is not a Marco Sen. Marco Rubio , I have not talked to anybody in that Pate’s air campaign the day I sat down with Sen. Rubio in Birmingham Alabama , " Pate said , referring to Pate meeting in early 2015 . The millionaire campaign donor has supported many political causes and candidates over the years , however Pate only 2016 donations have been to Rubio . According Sen. Marco Rubio FEC records , Pate made a donation in January 2015 and a donation in March 2015 to Rubio . A Sen. Marco Rubio spokesperson did Sen. Marco Rubio respond to a request for comment . Pate revealed that Pate also hosted Jeb Bush aboard Pate private airplane in early 2015 before the former Florida governor announced that he was running the former Florida governor president . Pate described Bush as a Jeb Bush he could " the former Florida governor " and was " a guy with common sense . " A Bush spokesperson did Jeb Bush respond to a request for comment . Pate felt that it was time for somebody to speak out against Trump , calling his current standings Trump the polls " embarrassing " for the United States and would n’t be respected as a president around the world . " Just because you built a tall building with your name on it does n’t a tall building with your name respect    …      his private business    he ’s been    dictator , we ’re not looking for a dictator , " Pate said , referring to Trump .   Trump said he    to    his campaign on    own after    was clear that Trump was not Trump away . " This is a guy when he looks in    mirror , he sees the    man that ’s ever walked the earth   —    he ’s wrong    " he said .    current field of Republican presidential candidates , Pate explained ,    felt that it would be inappropriate to imitate Trump ’s behavior Trump reason why he decided to act    " I do n’t think it ’s in their heads and in their hearts to disrespect their candidate like Donald Trump does , " he said . While    with friends across the country , he signified frustration with    Republican debates   —    citing Trump ’s attacks against Trump anchor Megyn Kelly as part of his motivation for retaliating against Megyn Kelly . " I ’m Donald Trump of listening to Trump , I ’m tired Donald Trump it   ’m    just look at what he did to Megyn ( Donald Trump ) that ’s just despicable , " he said . " Listen Donald Trump how he ’s attacking Hillary Clinton Donald Trump —    despicable . " He also stated that he Donald Trump support Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Trump won Hillary Clinton . Donald Trump Quite frankly , if it was Donald Trump versus Hillary Clinton Donald Trump would vote for Hillary Clinton , " he said . " Hillary Clinton Donald Trump anybody but Trump . " He said that Donald Trump would continue Donald Trump campaign calling Donald Trump his duty Donald Trump an American citizen Donald Trump stop Trump . " This is a Donald Trump to expose Donald Trump and send him a Donald Trump organize people , Donald Trump he said . He explained that he Donald Trump putting the Donald Trump up during Donald Trump Rose Bowl was an efficient a message with the most number of people who had their attention on New Years celebrations . He was satisfied with the results of Donald Trump campaign , particularly on social media , he explained , where he admitted it Donald Trump hard to predict Donald Trump would go viral . " I ’m excited to see that people have decided that it was something worthy of being communicated among themselves , " he said . " I ’ve achieved Donald Trump people and this is only the start . This is the first shot   —    not the final shot . " 
 