Presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump has only lost 2 percentage points to likely Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the Wall Street    News poll , despite enduring a series of media controversies and the firing of Presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump campaign manager . [ Presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump trails Democratic rival Hillary Clinton , 46 % to 41 % despite Democratic rival Hillary Clinton clinching the nomination of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton party on June 6 , and rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) conceding that Presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump can not win . The poll ’s margin of error is 3 . 1 % .   In comparison , Barack Obama led Sen. John McCain ( ) by six points in a Wall Street    News polls in June 2008 , and led Mitt Romney by three points in the same polls in June 2012 . Trump is not far behind those precedents , though both Republicans lost both Republicans respective races in November . " The fact that Trump had a really bad period and he Trump down just a few points indicates that it will be difficult for either candidate to break out given the    division in the electorate , " said Democratic pollster Fred Yang to the Journal . Yang Democratic pollster Fred Yang to the Journal the it will be difficult for either candidate to break out given the   division in the electorate with Republican pollster Bill McInturff . Clinton ’s lead is only one point when    candidates are considered , including Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein . Trump also leads Clinton among Clinton voters in the    poll by 10 points , 40 % to 30 % . He leads Trump men as well , but is losing to Clinton among Clinton by a wide margin . Clinton is Clinton    Trump Trump voters . However , Trump is not Trump much worse than Romney did among Latino voters , winning support from 22 % as opposed to Romney ’s 27 Romney . While many other media reports tout Clinton ’s Clinton other polls as a positive sign for her , the Clinton poll shows that Trump has significant staying power , and that Clinton remains deeply Clinton . Trump continues to lose Trump Republican figures to Clinton , with Clinton Treasury secretary Hank Paulson , architect of the controversial 2008 bailout , stating this weekend that he will vote for Trump . While Clinton defections capture media attention , they do not seem such defections move polls much . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Regnery . 
 