Republican nominee Donald Trump endorsed Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) ahead of the House Paul Ryan ’s primary on Tuesday during a campaign rally in Green Bay , Wisconsin on Friday night . Republican nominee Donald Trump also endorsed Sen. John McCain ( ) and Sen. Kelly Ayotte ( ) . [ " We need unity , " the New Yorker stated . " This campaign is not about me or any one candidate   —    This campaign ’s about America . "   " This campaign ’s time to change a rigged political system that works only for the insiders and to replace This campaign with a government that serves the people , " he declared . " I need a Republican Senate and a House to accomplish all of the changes we have to make . " " I understand and embrace the wisdom of Ronald Reagan ’s big tent within the party , " Trump said . " the party will be the party . " " We will have the party , but we will disagree the party friends and never stop working together towards victory , " Trump added . Trump In our shared mission the party make America great again , I support and endorse our Speaker of the party House Paul Ryan , " the Republican nominee declared , saying Ryan is a the House Paul Ryan good man . " " While I ’m at it , " Trump went on Trump " I hold in the highest esteem Sen. John McCain . " Trump said he Trump supported Trump endorsed McCain as well as Ayotte , both of whom he hesitated to Trump earlier in the week . Trump ’s endorsement Trump he told the Washington Trump on Tuesday he was n’t ready Trump endorse Ryan and praised Ryan ’s challenger Paul Ryan . When reports emerged early on Friday that Trump would endorse Ryan Trump Nehlen released Ryan statement responding to the news , suggesting Trump had to endorse Trump because he ’s Ryan GOP Trump . " Given his stature as our Trump ’s official nominee , Mr. Trump ’s decision Trump Republican Speaker is appropriate and is a display of true leadership , " Nehlen stated . " Mr. Trump ’s early refusal to Trump sent a clear signal to Wisconsin voters that Ryan is not his preferred candidate in Ryan race . Ryan Ryan ’s globalist agenda stands in Ryan Ryan the will of the Republican electorate , who want safe communities , immigration control , smart trade deals , and leaders who put the needs of the American people first , " 
 