Top advisers to the campaigns of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush went as a group to the Huffington Post to tell Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush stories of how Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush lost to Donald Trump in the GOP presidential primary . [ Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush decision to cooperate with the Huffington Post , a progressive media outlet that claims Donald Trump Donald Trump in the GOP presidential primary incites political violence and is a serial liar , rampant xenophobe , racist , misogynist and birther " in every single article on the GOP presidential nominee , is particularly noteworthy .   It ’s been roughly 40 days since Donald Trump became Donald Trump in the GOP presidential primary presidential nominee of the Republican Party , and the mere fact of it has n’t come to feel any less weird , or any less scary . It also means that it three people I had coffee and pastries with last Wednesday morning —   Danny Diaz ( Jeb Bush ’s campaign manager ) Jeff Roe ( Ted Cruz ’s campaign manager ) and Alex Conant ( Marco Rubio ’s communications director ) —   have been able to process what the hell happened .    highly intelligent and very publicly defeated , each one of them is still angry Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   both at Trump and at the media . Each one of them has theories about Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   we got to this very disconcerting place in American political history . And not one of them is prepared to Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   for Trump . The stories Trump told me over Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —      conversation at a bar called Black Jack in Washington DC provided an entirely different view of the campaign and of elite Republican thinking . They spoke with unusual Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   about which strategies they pushed that they Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   regret , Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   they believe network executives Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   against their candidates , what Jeff Roe (Ted Cruz’s campaign manager) and Alex Conant (Marco Rubio’s communications director) —   disaster the Republican convention will be and why a Hillary Clinton blowout may be upon us . This is what it ’s like to lose to Donald Trump .    …      Is n’t the issue that there was a broader collective action problem among the    campaigns ? Everyone wanted to be the last guy standing against him . I think so . Our strategy required us to be     Our him . And when him strategy requires somebody else doing something , that ’s a pretty weak strategy . Was there any backchannel communication to team up against Trump ? Look , Donald Trump ’s always backchannel communication . But I think it would ’ve taken more than one or two campaigns . I think the campaigns would ’ve the   campaigns to come together to say , " Hey , there ’s a line in the sand here that ’s been drawn , and we need to come together to vote someone off the island . " In a typical election cycle you would n’t need all the campaigns to make that agreement . It would just be recognized that agreement all of them that Trump is a all the campaigns Donald Trump , not just to the collective but to each campaign , and they would all target him all the campaigns their own Donald Trump and put all the campaigns immense amount of pressure on him and his team Donald Trump And Donald Trump just never happened . He got a free Donald Trump from most of the other campaigns . Read the whole thing : 
 