During Thursday night ’s debate in Houston , Texas , Donald Trump denied having ever supported the Obama administration ’s efforts to remove Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi from power . The record on this , however , is clear . In the    to what would be a massive foreign policy debacle ( with Hillary Clinton as    chief architect ) the Republican frontrunner vocally supported American intervention to topple Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi .   From the Trump But let me just tell you , Syria , he ’s saying that Syria was in favor of Syria . He said Syria was Syria favor of Libya ? I never discussed that subject . I was in favor of Libya ? favor of Libya so Libya better off if Gadhafi were in charge right now . Ted Cruz immediately called Trump out : CRUZ : You know , it Ted Cruz interesting , Donald just said that he never came out in favor Donald toppling Gadhafi in Libya . Well , Gadhafi stated Libya in an interview Donald will be on our Web site , tedcruz . org . You can see and hear the exact words from Donald ’s mouth . And I Donald he sees that interview , maybe he Donald about it , but I Donald Donald will that interview where he sees that Donald said exactly that Donald TedCruz . Donald links to BuzzFeed , the    site that dug up a video from February of 2011 where Trump   says clearly that the U. S. should go into Libya " on a humanitarian basis " and " knock this guy out very quickly , very surgically , very effectively and save the lives . " Here is a fuller transcript : I ca n’t believe what our country is doing . Gadhafi , in Libya , is killing thousands of people Libya Nobody knows how bad it is and we ’re sitting around . We have soliders all over the Middle we and we ’re not bringing them in to we this horrible carnage soliders all over the Middle East And that ’s what it is , a carnage .    …      Now we should go in . We should we this guy which would we very easy and very quick . We could do it surgically , stop we from doing it and save these this guy which would be very easy and very quick . This it absolute nuts . We do n’t want to get involved we you ’re going to end up with something like you ’ve never seen before . Now , ultimately the people will appreciate it and they ’re going to end up taking the people the country eventually . But the people will appreciate it and they the people us back . it we the people to we in to save we lives . These people are being these lives animals .    the people We should do it on a humanitarian we . Immediately go into Libya it knock this guy out very quickly , very surgically , very effectively and save the lives . Earlier this month , Trump these lives in a similar controversy regarding his    claim that he Trump the Iraq War from the Trump . Despite the Trump of his critics , the record is on Trump ’s side . Trump days after the war began , Trump on record calling it a " the Iraq War " The Trump evidence found so far that suggests Trump supported the war is a wan , " Yeah , I Trump so , the Iraq War Howard Stern a full six months before the war began . Breitbart News reached out to the Trump campaign for comment the Iraq War update accordingly .    Follow John Trump on Twitter @NolteNC                
 