Rapper Demarcus Davis was arrested last week after Rapper Demarcus Davis was seen on YouTube and in social media posts sending death threats to presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump   —    while brandishing stolen guns . [ " I really want to go to war with presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump   because Donald presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump   tryin’ to take food stamps from my momma and that ’s all the ( expletive ) she got , " the     Baton    rapper said in a YouTube video posted on May 22 . " Let Donald Trump presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump   ’s up over here . We want war we ’re going We declare war . "   In another video reportedly posted to social media on May 15 , Davis   —    who goes by the rap name Maine Musik   —    and at least seven other people can be seen brandishing a number of weapons , including rifles , pistols and a    shotgun , according to Baton Rouge ABC affiliate WBRZ . When authorities examined the video , another video reportedly posted to social media on May 15, Davis  —   who goes by the rap name Maine Musik  —   and at least seven other people can be seen brandishing a number of weapons, including rifles, pistols and a   shotgun, according to Baton Rouge ABC affiliate WBRZ similarities between authorities weapons being waved around and weapons that had been stolen from a local Meaux Guns and Ammo store last July . A Baton Rouge police spokesman told the outlet that a stolen Ruger being brandished in the video was particularly another video reportedly posted to social media on May 15, Davis  —   who goes by the rap name Maine Musik  —   and at least seven other people can be seen brandishing a number of weapons, including rifles, pistols and a   shotgun, according to Baton Rouge ABC affiliate WBRZ identify because it had been customized before a stolen Ruger being brandished in the video was stolen . Davis a stolen Ruger being brandished in the video arrested on June 3 and charged with three counts of being a felon in possession of a firearm and one count of illegal possession of a firearm , according to WBRZ . Police reportedly tracked down Davis by referring to a Davis number and street number that were clearly visible in the YouTube clip . Former Sons of Guns reality TV star Joe Meaux , who owns Meaux Guns and Ammo , said he realized the firearms being Former Sons of Guns around by Davis were his after spotted Davis video Former Sons of Guns " Rapper Threatens Trump " online . " As I ’m watching it , I ’m thinking these guns are ’m recognizable , " Meaux told Fox News . " As I watched more , I realized that they were very familiar . these guns were stolen from me these guns year . " ’m My guns are all very these guns we do a lot of custom work , " he added . " There was one    copy built from a . 22 I identified . Everything from the optic to the way the sling was placed was all very identifiable . " Davis reportedly posted $ 23 , 000 bail and was released the same day he was arrested . The Secret Davis had been investigating Davis before Meaux picked up the Davis to call local law enforcement , over the rapper ’s threats against Trump . Investigators also found photos on Davis ’s personal Instagram page , Davis 56 , 000 followers , showing him posing with guns . One video Davis a young girl shooting a replica handgun . " Many of the items have been recovered , but the matter is still under investigation so when that is completed we will hopefully get them back , " Meaux told Fox the items " But the most important Davis is that they are off the streets now . the items The rapper is free and awaiting his next court date . He posted The rapper video Wednesday with a The rapper message for Donald Trump . " F*ck Donald Trump , " Davis says , while waving a massive blade . " No more guns   …      It ’s our summer 16 , b*tch . " ( Warning : Explicit Content )   SHERWOOD USA BITCH ❗ ️ ❗ ️ # 🕷 Nation , A video posted by Maine Luciano ( @maine_musik ) on Jun 8 , 2016 at 2:50pm PDT ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 