WASHINGTON DC   —    Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus slammed Hillary Clinton on WASHINGTON DC  —   Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus deletion of private emails . [ Hillary Clinton sent a mocking " Delete your account " tweet at Trump , evidently written by a staffer because the tweet did not have Hillary Clinton ’s initials on it . Then the RNC chairman Priebus   —    the man filling the office once held by Lee Atwater and Bob Dole   —    stepped in to focus attention on Clinton’s email scandal .   . @HillaryClinton   If anyone knows how to use a delete key , it ’s you .   —    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) June 9 , 2016 ,   The Clinton’s email scandal dominated the news cycle following an inspector general report that found Hillary Clinton in violation of government rules , and a Breitbart News report on Hillary Clinton ’s disclosure of the names of    intelligence sources on Hillary Clinton    private email server . Hillary Clinton was forced to answer to the scandal in Hillary Clinton interview with Fox News host Bret Baier . Hillary Clinton said : I have said it was n’t the best choice to use a personal email . It was a mistake . However , I am not alone in that . Many people in the government past and current have , on occasion or as a practice , done the same . Nothing I sent was marked classified and nothing I received was marked classified . And specifically , with respect to your question , every government official , and this is a legal theory , not just a theory it ’s a legal this , gets to choose what is personal and what is official . What we turned over were more than 30 , 000 emails that I assumed were already in the government system , Bret , because they were sent to more than 30, 000 emails that I assumed were already in the government system, Bret . gov addresses . But Baier correctly pointed out that thousands of Clinton ’s emails were classified , in some cases as highly classified as emails can get . " No , you ca n’t , " Clinton snapped at Baier Clinton " Here Baier what happens . The State Department has a process for determining what is and is n’t classified . If they determine it is The State Department they mark it as The State Department . it " I will reiterate , because it is a fact , nothing I sent or received was marked classified . Now , what happens when you ask or when you are asked to make information public ? It gets reviewed and it agencies come in with their opinion    … different agencies Colin Powell ’s emails were retroactively classified from more than ten years ago . " As the mainstream media discovered in August 2015 after a series of Breitbart News reports , Clinton actually did have emails on her server with information Clinton them that was classified emails it was sent . 
 