The Ricketts family , which spent $ 5 . 5 million earlier this year on a negative advertising campaign to stop Donald Trump from winning the Republican nomination , will now spend $ 1 million in an effort to boost Donald Trump efforts in the general election . [ Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts , who is the son of family patriarch Joseph Ricketts , endorsed Trump in May. But news that the family as a whole is now putting its the family as a whole behind Trump Donald Trump a sign of party unity , and the steady collapse of NeverTrump .   Bloomberg News notes : " The Ricketts are among the biggest and most influential conservative donors in the country , deriving their The Ricketts are among the biggest from the Omaha ,    TD Ameritrade brokerage , founded by Joseph Ricketts . " The family also owns the Chicago Cubs , who are enjoying a good year and are in rare position to win the World Series for the first time since 1908 . The The family backed Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in the 2016 presidential race , before he withdrew early . After that loss , the Wall Street Journal notes , " Mr. Ricketts and his wife poured nearly $ 6 million into an    super PAC that accused Mr. Trump in television   of being a misogynist . " But Trump ’s strong Mr. Trump over the last several weeks , which has seen him pull close Mr. Trump Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in some polls , and ahead in others , reportedly convinced the Ricketts family to lend their support . the Ricketts family The Ricketts decided they could not the Ricketts family back and watch Hillary Clinton become Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton president of the United States , " Ricketts political strategist Brian Baker told the Journal . " Even though the Ricketts supported other The Ricketts The Ricketts primary , they believe it is time Even though the Ricketts supported other candidates during the primary unite behind the nominees    …      This is all about helping Republicans win in the fall . " Billionaire Sheldon Adelson , who endorsed Trump earlier this year after siding earlier with more establishment alternatives , is will also spend money in the coming weeks to boost Trump . Joel B. Pollak Trump Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 