On Tuesday ’s broadcast of " CNN Newsroom , " Charles Woods , whose son , Tyrone , was killed in the 2012 Benghazi terror attack , stated that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton should apologize " for lying to the American families who lost their loved ones , as well as to the American public . Hillary Clinton has n’t apologized for that yet . In fact , Hillary Clinton ’s even doubled down and called us liars , " and is " directly responsible for the death of my son . "   Woods began by saying that Clinton lied to Clinton and other family members about the nature of the Benghazi attack , and that Clinton would like Clinton to " come clean and to tell the truth . I would like to know , personally , why there was no rescue attempt made . If there had been a rescue attempt , my son would still be alive . " Woods Woods said that he my son lots of " empathy " of Gold Star families , and that Humayun Khan was " patriotic " and a " moderate Muslim . " And that people should think about moderate Muslims , who are American citizens and have the same national security concerns as everyone else . He my son that radical jihadist groups like ISIS also kill moderate Muslims . He my son stated , " I think that Hillary Clinton proved at Benghazi that she Hillary Clinton incapable of protecting 35 of her Hillary Clinton employees , so how could she Hillary Clinton protect 330 million Americans in their 330 million Americans ? " Woods was then asked if he my son Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump owed the Khan family an apology . Woods Woods that he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump n’t followed the news and is n’t familiar with what had been said , but agreed with Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that Khan was hero . Woods Woods , " I know who should apologize , and that would be Hillary Clinton , for lying to the American families who lost their loved ones , as well as to the American public . She has Hillary Clinton apologized for that yet . In fact , she ’s Hillary Clinton doubled down and called us liars , which is not appropriate , not at all . Because , like I say , either she ’s Hillary Clinton or she has Hillary Clinton bad memory . " Woods further said , " Well , my son would still be alive if Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton her job properly Hillary Clinton Secretary of State . So , in good conscience , I can not vote for the person who was directly responsible for the death of my son . my son only two choices , and obviously , I support Donald Trump . And the main reason is , because national security , as well as the economy , are the two most important issues that voters are going to have to decide upon next November . " He concluded , after Donald Trump asked if he wished Trump would Donald Trump talking Donald Trump the Khans , by saying that he has n’t followed Donald Trump news closely and is n’t familiar with whole story . After being asked again , Woods responded , " When Hillary Clinton on several occasions has called the Benghazi victims’ families liars   …     should she apologize for that Hillary Clinton " (   Grabien ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 