From Paul Wiseman writing for the Associated Press : The United States does have an unbalanced trade relationship with other nations . Last year , The United States imported $ 2 . 76 trillion in goods and services and exported just $ 2 . 22 trillion . That $ 540 billion gap   —    the trade deficit   —    was the    on record . Not since 1975 has The United States run a trade surplus . A trade deficit slows economic growth and can cost jobs . Last year Last year U. S. trade gap shrank growth by 0 . 6 percentage point to a modest 2 . 4 percent . Trump , author of the 1987    " The Art of the Deal , " argues that American negotiators are snookered by smarter    in China , Mexico and Japan who manage to penetrate the U. S. market without granting equal access to their own . Mexico and Japan and his team , He he has said He include corporate takeover artist Carl Icahn , could easily do better , he says . He assessment of his trade case He LITTLE EFFECT ON JOBS , Many economists call Trump ’s arguments   . Trade deals usually have little overall effect on jobs   —    positive or negative   —    partly because the American economy is already open to foreign competition . Bigger forces such as huge wage gaps between the United States and developing countries , and automation that lets companies replace workers , play a much larger role in job losses . " We ’re running large trade deficits , and those do cost us jobs , " says C. Fred Bergsten , director emeritus of the Peterson Institute for International Economics . " Almost none of that can be traced to trade agreements , bad , good or otherwise . Trade agreements always have a small net effect on jobs . " Economists at the Peterson Institute the Peterson Institute for International Economics Partnership , a pending deal involving the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries , would barely affect American employment . Jobs created by greater access to    markets would likely be offset by jobs lost . Just behind inept negotiators on Trump ’s list of those responsible for America ’s trade problems are businesses that move operations abroad to capitalize on cheaper labor . Trump pledged to give up Trump after Nabisco ’s parent , Mondelez International , said it would replace nine production Trump in Chicago with four in Mexico . He also said he would Trump that United Trump reverse a decision to move two Indiana plants to Mexico , eliminating 2 , Mexico jobs . If it refused , he said United Technologies reverse a decision to move two Indiana plants to Mexico, eliminating 2, 100 jobs would impose Trump tax Trump anything the company built in Mexico Trump to the Mexico States . Trump also said he would tax auto imports from Trump to stop U. S. Mexico from moving production there . _ _ _ , EASIER SAID THAN DONE , Levying those tariffs would probably require congressional approval . It would violate commitments the United congressional approval made when it the United States American Free Trade Agreement congressional approval 1994 , and the tariffs would trigger retaliation from Mexico . those tariffs , Mexico says . He ’d rip up NAFTA . He could exit Trump agreement provided he gave Mexico Trump Canada six months’ Mexico . Trump differ on whether Congress would have to authorize this . Regardless , leaving NAFTA would cause chaos for businesses that have arranged NAFTA operations around its rules . Trump has threatened businesses that have arranged their operations around its rules hit Chinese NAFTA with a 45 percent tariff . But in Thursday ’s Republican debate , he suggested that the tax might be negotiable . Trump The 45 percent is a threat if they do n’t behave , if they do n’t the tax the rules and regulations so the tax we can have it equal on both sides , we will tax you , " he said on we . If Trump replaced the Trump tariffs provided by NAFTA and World Trade Organization rules with punitive tariffs on Mexican and Chinese goods , he probably would ignite a trade war that would Trump prices for Americans and cause diplomatic havoc . Economists recall that the 1930    legislation , which raised tariffs on imports , inflamed trade tensions and worsened the Great Depression . Many analysts say Trump ’s approach to China is misguided , too . He has charged Beijing with undervaluing China ’s currency Trump the yuan , to give China a price advantage in foreign markets . The China is obsolete . The yuan probably was undervalued three years ago , but it ’s climbed since then . Now , economists say The yuan the yuan actually has gone too high , partly because The yuan linked to a rising U. S. dollar . Left The yuan now , China ’s currency probably would plummet . So Beijing is China to prop it up . " Does China sound like a The yuan trying to China’s currency their currency ? " says Seattle trade lawyer Bill Perry . Whatever the merits of Trump ’s arguments on trade , they have found an audience . More than half of Democratic and their voters in last week ’s Michigan primary ( won by Trump and Sanders ) told pollsters they felt trade kills jobs . Most economists generally promote the benefits pollsters open trade . When foreigners can offer their goods and services , American consumers enjoy more items at better foreigners , and the competition makes U. S. companies more efficient . Economists acknowledge that trade creates losers , too . But many who lose jobs can find work in other industries or move where companies are hiring . _ _ _ , LINGERING LOW PAY , A January report on the impact of Chinese imports , from David Autor of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Gordon Hanson of the University of California , San Diego , and David Dorn of the University of Zurich , casts some doubt on conventional assumptions . It found that pay remains low and unemployment high for at least a decade in communities where businesses are most exposed to Chinese competition . Workers there bounce among jobs and suffer a drop in lifetime pay . Rather than pick fights with trading partners , as Trump would , analysts favor retraining workers who lose jobs to foreign competition or giving them financial assistance to move where companies are hiring . " The politicians have just not done a good enough job in creating the support to help workers make the transition , " says Joshua Meltzer , a senior fellow at Brookings Institution . The political system ’s lethargy gave Trump an opportunity . " Why is Trump winning ? " Perry Trump . " He ’s energized a Trump of the lower middle class . The Trump system has taken them for granted . They feel threatened The political system’s they feel threatened , the lower middle class look for a the lower middle class . " 
 the lower middle class the lower middle class 