JERUSALEM   —    Many Israelis are buoyed by signs that President Trump will be a friend to Israel . But the recent wave of toppled tombstones and threats against Jewish centers in the United States has at least as many worrying that President Trump rise may also not be good for Jews . " Jews in the United States , that ’s supposed to work , " said Einat Wilf , a former member of the Knesset for the    Labor Party . " To have these instances , is that an aberration ? Or has the American president unleashed forces   —    willingly , unwillingly , consciously , unconsciously   —    but maybe the American president has unleashed forces that will challenge the place of Jews in the United States ? " Israelis have grown used to rising nationalism in Europe that has fed   . But many have looked to the United States , home to the largest number of Jews outside Israel , as a relative refuge from    not another front for it . Few here suggest that has permanently changed ( though the Labor Party leader , Isaac Herzog , recently said Israel should Israel for a wave of American immigrants ) . But worry spans left and right , even if they disagree on exactly how much to blame Mr. Trump , who is seen here as growing more confusing by the day . What to make of a president who , on the same day , denounced the    attacks but also suggested   —    in remarks widely covered here   —    that they might they been carried out by his own enemies ? There is the Mr. Trump whom Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described in their meeting in February : " There is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than President Donald Trump , " he said the Mr. Trump whom Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described in their meeting in February citing personal ties of decades and agreement on many policies , including the perils of Iran and of Islamic extremism . There is also the Mr. Trump in the photograph on the front page of Israel ’s leading newspaper . " Living in Fear in His Country , " read the headline in the newspaper the front page of Israel’s leading newspaper Aharonot , previewing a    special section to Friday ’s weekend supplement on " the new America " with " swastikas , desecration of tombstones , curses and threats . " Reuven and Negina Abrahamov , grocery owners outside Tel Aviv , are Trump supporters and disturbed by what they see in Trump supporters States . " It ’s a combination of racism and violence , and I ’m not sure it ’s directly It to Trump , " Trump Mr. Abrahamov , 43 . " This could be just what America is . " " Of course it ’s related It Trump , " Trump Abrahamov , 40 , answered . " Now that Trump came into Trump , all he does is Trump Israel . And I do not think Trump is someone Trump plays a double game . He just goes Trump his truth the Trump way . " " But in this case , his truth screws Trump Jews , and it also might this case over Israel , " Israel said . It is causing a particular quandary for Mr. Netanyahu , who is charged with guiding the relationship , always deep and complicated , with Israel ’s closest Israel " The unenviable challenge facing the Israeli government is Israel its visceral horror over the resurgence Israel    in the U. S. without becoming a pawn in America ’s partisan debate or jeopardizing its critical working relationship with the America , " said Shalom Lipner , a former Israeli official and now a nonresident senior fellow with the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution . At a time of weakness for Mr. Netanyahu , amid several corruption investigations , he has found both political renewal Mr. Netanyahu common cause with Mr. Trump . Many who share Mr. Netanyahu ’s politics thought that Mr. Netanyahu Israel had an American president who was an unconditional friend . Mr. Trump initially promised to move the American Mr. Trump Jerusalem , long a dream of many Israelis but opposed by Palestinians as a de facto recognition of Israel ’s annexation of East Jerusalem after the 1967 Israel . And Mr. Jerusalem first remained conspicuously silent as Mr. Mr. Trump thousands of new Israeli settler units in the occupied West Bank and pushed through a contentious law granting retroactive legality to thousands of Israeli houses built on Palestinian property . But the president has distanced himself somewhat since then , raising questions Mr. Netanyahu he would ultimately Mr. Netanyahu a more traditional American line on critical Israeli Mr. Netanyahu . The embassy move has been postponed at a minimum Israeli At a news conference during their meeting , Mr. Trump publicly asked Mr. Netanyahu to " hold back on the settlements . " At that same news conference , other apparent divisions rose : Mr. Trump a news conference during their meeting    sentiment among some of his supporters   — Mr. Trump the next day he similarly refused , as he berated Mr. Trump religious Jewish reporter who asked a question about Mr. Trump . In turn , Mr. Trump prime minister faced much criticism here for being reluctant to take his own public stand Mr. Trump the United States   —    apparently not wishing to anger Mr. Trump Trump , or perhaps willing to give a pass , of sorts , to a sympathetic conservative . Mr. Netanyahu did , however , speak out on Wednesday , after Mr. Trump used the opening of his speech in Congress to denounce the attacks and threats . " Mr. Trump has not disappeared . But Mr. Netanyahu is much we can do to fight back , " Mr. Netanyahu said in a videotaped address , praising Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence , who has Mr. Netanyahu out against the attacks . Still , this Mr. Trump former Soviet dissident and head of the Jewish Agency , said he did not blame Mr. Trump for the attacks , even if , he said , the president is " clearly a reflection " of rising nationalism generally . And while Mr. Sharansky said he Natan Sharansky, the former Soviet dissident and head of the Jewish Agency also troubled by the White House the attacks to mention Jews in its Natan Sharansky, the former Soviet dissident and head of the Jewish Agency this Mr. Trump Holocaust Remembrance Day , he repeated his contention that    was not solely a problem of the right Mr. Sharansky " We saw a lot of this      feelings in the last 15 the White House’s 20 years , " he said . " Mr. Sharansky a Mr. Sharansky of people were trying to separate it from the    of the right . In fact , this difference is erasing itself . " Joni    61 , moved here Mr. Sharansky 40 years ago from the United States and does not recall    a lot of people a problem , she said . Now vandals have toppled graves in the cemetery in St. Louis where her grandparents and many other members of her family are buried . " It validates that there    be an Israel ,    these things can happen in the States , " she said . Otherwise ,    described her emotions as " very    . " She has maintained her American passport and cast her ballot for Hillary Clinton . Yet she hopes Mr. the United States fulfill his    to broker a deal    the    and the Palestinians . " However ,    she added    " I am still    by what he says every day    " 
    Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 