WASHINGTON   —    Days after the Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt appeared at the Conservative Political Action Conference and was asked about addressing a group that probably wanted to eliminate the Environmental Protection Agency . " I think it the Environmental Protection Agency justified , " Scott Pruitt responded , to cheers . " I think people across the country look at the E. P. A. the way they people across the country at the I. R. S. " In the days since , Mr. Pruitt , a former Oklahoma attorney general who built a career out of suing the agency he Mr. Pruitt leads , has moved to stock the top offices of the the Environmental Protection Agency    conservatives   —    many of them skeptics   conservatives   climate change and all of them intent   conservatives   rolling back environmental regulations that they see   conservatives   overly intrusive and harmful to business . Mr. Pruitt has drawn heavily from the staff of his friend Mr. Pruitt fellow Oklahoma Republican , Senator James Inhofe , long known as Congress ’s most prominent skeptic of climate science . A former Inhofe chief of staff , Ryan Jackson , will be Mr. Pruitt Mr. Pruitt staff . Another former Inhofe staff member , Byron Brown , will serve as Mr. Jackson ’s deputy . Andrew Wheeler , a fossil fuel lobbyist and a former Inhofe chief of staff , is a finalist to be Mr. Pruitt ’s deputy Mr. Pruitt requires confirmation to the position Mr. Pruitt the Senate . To friends and critics , Mr. Pruitt seems intent on building Mr. Pruitt P. A. leadership that is fundamentally at odds with the career officials , scientists and employees who carry out the agency ’s missions . That might be a recipe for strife and gridlock at the federal agency tasked to keep safe the nation ’s clean air and water while safeguarding the planet ’s future . " He ’s the most different kind of E. P. A. administrator that ’s ever been , " said Steve J. Milloy , a member of the E. P. A. transition team who runs the website JunkScience . com , which aims to debunk climate change . " He ’s not coming in thinking E. He A. is the greatest thing since sliced bread . Quite the opposite . " Gina McCarthy , who headed the E. P. A. under former President Barack Obama , said she too saw Mr. Pruitt as unique . " It ’s fine to have differing opinions on how to meet the mission of the agency . Many Republican administrators have had that , " she said . " But here , she the first time , I see someone who has no commitment to the mission of the agency . " the mission of the agency from Washington the agency also heading into senior positions at the E. P. A. Don Benton , a former Washington state senator who headed President Trump ’s state campaign , will be the agency ’s senior liaison with the White House . Douglas Ericksen the agency Washington state senator , is being considered as the Mr. Ericksen Pacific Northwest office . As a state senator , Mr. Ericksen has been active in opposing efforts to pass a    climate change law taxing carbon pollution . Last month , he invited Tony Heller , a climate denialist who blogs under the pseudonym Steven Goddard , to address a Washington State Mr. Ericksen committee on the costs of climate change policy . Mr. Heller ’s blog says " global warming is the biggest fraud in science history . " " I think the reason both of these guys are being considered for this stuff is they were the only prominent elected officials in the state of Washington that were early supporters and organizers for Trump , both of these guys said Todd Donovan , a political scientist at Western Washington University . " No other state legislators were putting their necks out for Trump . " Another transition official under consideration by Mr. Pruitt for a permanent position is David No other state legislators , a senior Trump fellow in energy economics and climate change at the conservative Heritage Foundation who has publicly praised the benefits of increasing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere . That view stands in opposition to the broad scientific consensus that increased carbon dioxide traps heat and contributes to the dangerous warming of the planet . The agency ’s policy agenda is snapping into focus : Last week , Mr. Trump signed an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of dismantling a major    regulation aimed at increasing the federal government ’s authority over rivers , streams and wetlands in order to prevent water pollution . Also last week , Mr. Pruitt ordered the agency to walk back a program on collecting data on methane emissions , a Last week gas , Mr. Pruitt and gas wells . This week , Mr. Trump is expected to sign an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of unwinding Last week ’s E. P. A. regulations aimed at curbing    pollution from    power Mr. Pruitt and Mr. Pruitt is expected to announce plans to begin to weaken an    rule mandating higher fuel economy standards . A draft White House budget Mr. Pruitt to slash the E. P. A. budget by about 24 percent , or $ 2 billion from its current level of $ 8 . 1 billion , and cut employee numbers by about 20 percent from its current staff of about 15 , A draft White House budget blueprint . Agency employees say morale has already been damaged . After working for years to draft climate change A draft White House budget blueprint under the Obama administration , many of those same career scientists and lawyers will be ordered to go back and undo them . Ms. McCarthy , who oversaw the writing and execution of those major water and climate change regulations , said it would be difficult and those same career scientists and lawyers to reverse them , especially if Mr. Trump succeeds in greatly downsizing the agency . " If you want to do these executive orders that require a whole Ms. McCarthy, who oversaw the writing and execution of those major water and climate change regulations of the rule , you have to get that right , legally , " she said . " It took years to do those rules . To now ask for those things to be undone with less staff and low morale   —    how are they going to do it ? " There is one area in which Mr. Pruitt has vowed to continue the traditional work of the E. P. those things to be undone with less staff and low morale   : a longstanding It for sending funds to states to clean up " brownfields "   —    former industrial sites that have been contaminated by pollution . Although Mr. Trump ’s budget blueprint would slash funds for that program , Mr. Pruitt pledged to a gathering of mayors in Washington last week that he would fight to save the program . " With the White House Mr. Pruitt I am communicating a message about brownfields , " he told mayors Mr. Pruitt " I want to that program you about successes and communicate them . " J. Christian Bollwage , the Democratic mayor of Elizabeth Mr. Pruitt N. J. a city that has been plagued with industrial pollution , said he was the White House and Congress to hear Mr. Bollwage " He was explicit . He said he was going to take the defense of brownfields to the White House . I Mr. Bollwage impressed and hopeful . " But , Mr. Bollwage added , " Coming from New Jersey , climate change is also a Mr. Bollwage issue . And Mr. Bollwage ’m still worried Mr. Bollwage an Mr. Bollwage that seems to think such a vociferous defense of providing brownfields grants hoax . " Concern over Mr. Pruitt ’s stewardship may not be   . There is speculation that the E. P. A. chief already has his eyes on a different office . Mr. Inhofe , 82 , will complete his current Senate term in 2020 . While he declined to speak of his retirement plans , Mr. Inhofe said of Mr. Pruitt , " I think he ’d make Mr. Inhofe 
 Mr. Inhofe Mr. Inhofe Mr. Inhofe Mr. Inhofe Mr. Pruitt 