Former Blackwater CEO and U. S. Navy SEAL veteran Erik Prince joined Breitbart ’s Milo Yiannopoulos during the latest episode of The Milo Yiannopoulos Show to discuss Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and why Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s supporting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . [ " You mentioned a moment ago that you hoped it would be Trump . Talk to us a little bit about your opinion of the Republican candidate , " Milo said . " I mean I ’m guessing that you are , broadly speaking , a fan , and I ’m guessing you think Hillary would be a disaster , but I do n’t want to put words in your mouth . Give us your opinion on Donald Trump . "   " I like the fact that Donald Trump has been in the private sector . I like that he Donald Trump had to make a payroll . I like that he Donald Trump had to do projects " replied Prince . " I even like some of his Donald Trump that have gone bankrupt , because people that do things , and build things , and try things , sometimes fail at doing it , and that ’s the strength of the American capitalist system . He Donald Trump across the table and fired people that did n’t perform in his Donald Trump , and I ’m not talking about the TV show , I ’m ’m about when hundreds of millions of dollars are on the line . " We have n’t had a politician that ’s run a big private organization that they built themselves they and basically because we We a US government that is really broken and needs a massive shaking . The establishment , rigged , cozy system inside the beltway is not America . I live in Loudon County , and the counties surrounding Washington , DC , have the highest    income in the America Not because they create the highest   income in the country , but because they suck the highest   income in the country from the rest of the country America that system needs to be shaken up . One of the reasons that establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle hate Trump so much , is that they know he establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle shake Trump that system . system you ’re a Bernie supporter and you ’re upset about the cost of college , that ’s because the government subsidizes so much that the schools drive it up , and they limit the supply the schools universities that can get accredited . There are so many simple reforms that have to be done to keep America moving forward , and really to make it great again . so many simple reforms that have to be done to keep America moving forward have kind of turned our back on the We that hard work , sacrifice ,    innovation , is what made America great . Washington America not make America great .   America can listen to the entire show , as well as previous episodes on PodcastOne now , or listen to the show on the the entire show downloading it for free on iTunes the entire show Subscribe to the Milo Yiannopoulos Show for the entire show Charlie Nash is a free on iTunes Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 Charlie Nash 