Donald Trump ’s remarkable victory on Election Day is still sinking in .   Judicial Watch supporters can take satisfaction that the American people resoundingly rejected Hillary Clinton corruption . [ Our work exposing Hillary Clinton email had consequences .   We did not do Our work exposing her email to prevent Hillary Clinton from winning the Oval Office we did We to Our work exposing her email her Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton , and her Hillary Clinton in the Obama administration accountable to the law .   The corrupted leadership of the FBI and Justice Department did n’t want to do much with what we exposed We   And certainly Congress , led by a weak Republican leadership , did virtually nothing on the Clinton email issue .   But , the American people did n’t ignore our work , and denied Hillary Clinton Clinton as a result .    One expert called Judicial Watch one of the great " disruptors " of our new media our : Judicial Watch is Judicial Watch gadfly , yes , but it is acting more Judicial Watch a newsroom staffed by lawyers   —    a scary thought , to the government at the very least .   With an ample ,    war chest , the nonprofit is taking journalists to school in deploying one of their most valued weapons journalists the Freedom of Information Act , doing so more effectively than any news organization in recent memory .   Mainstream news organizations are happy to take its costly    revelations and run with them .   So Mainstream news organizations ’s not surprising that its President , Tom it , nominated Judicial Watch for three Pulitzer Prizes last year ( It was disqualified because it was ruled to It an advocacy group , Fitton told the    New York Times ) . ( By the way , the Pulitizer people dishonestly rejected our application not because the Pulitizer people were unworthy of the Pulitizer people prize , but because Judicial Watch is conservative . ) There is no doubt that Judicial Watch changed history Judicial Watch Clinton email investigations . Judicial Watch The election results show that corruption matters to the American people .   At a minimum ,    Trump should commit to a transparency revolution .   The Trump administration and new Congress must focus on restoring the rule of law and accountability after the eight years of a lawless Obama administration .   Corruption in government is an overwhelming problem .   We expect , but wo n’t rely upon , DC politicians to do the right thing .   Judicial Watch will continue its independent investigations and lawsuits Judicial Watch order to hold politicians of both political parties accountable to the rule of law .  
 