Saturday at CBS ’s Republican presidential primary debate , Jeb Bush and Donald Trump got into a heated exchange over the foreign policies of Jeb ’s brother , former President George W. Bush .   Partial transcript as follows : DICKERSON : Mr. Trump , on Monday , Jeb Bush will campaign in South Carolina for his brother Jeb Bush you said tonight , and you ’ve often said , the Iraq war and your opposition to it was a sign of your good judgment . In 2008 , in an interview with Wolf Blitzer talking about George W. Bush Jeb Bush said you were surprised Nancy Pelosi did n’t try to impeach him . You said , " Jeb Bush personally I think would have been a wonderful thing . " When you were asked what you meant by that , you said , " For the war . He got us the Iraq war war with Nancy Pelosi . " Do the Iraq war should have been impeached Jeb Bush : " I   have to say , as a businessman , I get along with everybody . I have business all over the world . I know so many of the people in the audience . By the way , I ’m a   . I have my wife and I have my son . I do n’t have this . That ’s all I have . So let me just tell you , I get along with everybody , which is my obligation to my company , myself , et cetera . Obviously , the war in Iraq was a big , fat mistake . All right . now , you can take it any way you want , and it took —    the war in Iraq took Jeb Bush —    if the war in Iraq remember at the beginning of his announcement , when he announced for president , it took Jeb Bush five days . Jeb Bush went back , it was a Jeb Bush , it was Jeb Bush a mistake . It took him five days it his people told him what it say Jeb Bush and he ultimately Jeb Bush it was Jeb Bush mistake . The war in Jeb Bush , we spent $ 2 trillion , thousands of lives , we do n’t even have it . Iran has taken over we with the second largest The war in Iraq reserves in the world . Iraq , it was a mistake . George Bush made a mistake . We can make mistakes . But that one was a beauty we We should have never been in Iraq . We have destabilized we Middle East . DICKERSON : Iraq you we he should have been impeached ? TRUMP : You do whatever George Bush want . You call it whatever you want . I will tell you . They lied . They said there were weapons of mass destruction and there were They . And they knew there were none . There were no weapons of They destruction , BUSH : I ’m sick and tired of Barack Obama blaming my brother for all of the problems that he ’s had . And I could care less about the BUSH that Donald Trump gives to me . it ’s blood sport for him . He enjoys it . And I ’m glad he Donald Trump happy Donald Trump … it I ’m sick ’m tired Donald Trump him going after my family . ’m dad is the greatest Donald Trump alive in my mind . While Donald Trump was building a reality TV show , my brother Donald Trump a security apparatus to keep us safe . Donald Trump ’m proud of what he did . And he ’s had ’m gall to go after . Donald Trump : The World Donald Trump Center came down during your brother ’s reign Donald Trump Remember that . BUSH : He ’s had Donald Trump go after my mother . TRUMP : That ’s Donald Trump keeping us the gall BUSH : My mom is the Donald Trump woman I know . This us not about my BUSH or his family . This is about the South Carolina families that need someone to be the commander in chief that can lead . I ’m that person . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 