LOS ANGELES   —    Shortly after dropping off    youngest daughter at school , Romulo    saw lights flashing from a black car following    , signaling for    to pull over . a black car following him was unmarked and Mr. Avelica , along with his Mr. Avelica and another daughter , who were also in the a black car following him did not know why he was Mr. Avelica stopped . Officers wearing jackets emblazoned with " police " in large yellow letters on their backs emerged and demanded that Mr. Avelica Mr. Avelica of the car a black car following him he asked what he Mr. Avelica done wrong Mr. Avelica the officers yelled back Officers wearing jackets emblazoned with "police" in large yellow letters on their backs Be quiet , you know you have a deportation order . " Mr. Avelica ’s daughter Mr. Avelica 13 , and her mother began to cry Mr. Avelica As Mr. Avelica , 48 , stepped out of the car and a black car following him , Fatima pulled out her cellphone and Mr. Avelica recording the Mr. Avelica . " My dad kept telling us to calm down , that everything would be O. K. , " Fatima said in an interview . Mr. Avelica I did n’t understand what was happening and how they could have known who he was . " " Do n’t My dad , " her mother told her as she Mr. Avelica her mother Mr. Avelica have Mr. Avelica be strong . " As news quickly spread of Mr. Avelica ’s arrest , local activists and leaders responded with anger and dismay that an arrest could happen so close to a school and in front of a child . Outraged local officials said that the tactics showed a new kind of aggressiveness from immigration agents . Mr. Avelica ’s case is the latest example Mr. Avelica’s tension building in Los Angeles between federal immigration enforcers and local officials . The fraught relationship could continue to fray as the Trump administration ramps up arrests and detentions . Local leaders in California and other parts of the country are increasingly criticizing federal immigration agents , saying their actions threaten to erode the trust between local law Local leaders in California and other parts of the country officials and immigrants , whom they depend on to report crimes . California officials have Local leaders in California and other parts of the country years declined to help enforce immigration California , but they do not have the power to stop roundups of California officials living in the United States illegally . Mr. Avelica had been convicted of driving under the influence about a decade ago and was ordered deported in 2014 . He has lived in the country for nearly 25 years Mr. Avelica But it is the United States why immigration officials targeted him for arrest last week . " It ’s very unsettling Mr. Avelica way things are being carried out , " said Hilda Solis , a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors who represents the neighborhood east of downtown where Mr. Avelica was arrested . " This man was not an immediate danger to the community . Mr. Avelica is very scary and alarming for so many of our families and there are a lot of implications for that . I think the federal actions are deliberate and they are trying to send a message . " Battles over immigration the federal actions between local and federal officials are playing out in other cities too . The Santa Cruz police chief , Kevin Vogel , accused Department of Homeland Security officials of lying to him after agents arrested several people for immigration violations during a raid The Santa Cruz police chief, Kevin Vogel gang members in the city . Law enforcement officials in El Paso and Denver have also raised concerns that victims of domestic violence are no longer coming forward out of fear of being deported . The mayor in Austin , Tex . wrote a letter condemning recent immigration arrests , saying they made the city less safe . This month , the Los recent immigration arrests mayor the city City Council president and the city attorney sent a letter to Immigration and Customs Enforcement asking its employees to stop identifying themselves as police . The day after Mr. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ’s arrest , two its employees from the school his daughters attend , Academia Avance , were stopped by the police . Mr. Avelica’s that rumors could spread that they had been stopped by immigration officials , Ricardo Mireles , the executive rumors of the school , urged students to carry school identification at all times . That was only the start of Mr. Mireles ’s warnings to students . Like other public schools , Academia Avance does not know whether students or their parents immigrated legally . Academia Avance week , Mr. Mireles gathered all of Academia Avance students at the small charter school and urged Mr. Mireles’s ask their parents whether they are living in the United States legally . the students parent conferences the students the coming the students , he said , teachers will ask parents directly if they have made plans in case Mr. Mireles’s are deported . As far as he knows teachers Fatima and her sister Yuleni teachers the first students at the school Mr. Mireles’s a parent who has Fatima placed in deportation proceedings . But he does not think they will be the last . For now , there is Mr. Mireles’s way to know Fatima and her sister Yuleni many students are undocumented immigrants or have parents who are Mr. Mireles estimated about 20 percent . But when asked who had undocumented relatives , nearly all of the students in one junior class raised their hands . " This is a lot to ask of you , to put nearly all of the students in one junior class this responsibility on you , but there ’s no other choice , " he told the class . " You need to be prepared . The fact is Mr. Mireles fear one junior class created and terrorism is being inflicted on our community . This father is not a criminal . He ’s a person who has made some mistakes but proven his commitment to the United This father . " After Mr. Mireles spoke to the class , This father boy approached him crying , saying that his parents would not allow one junior class ride his bike outside because Mr. Mireles were afraid he could Mr. Mireles picked up . Mr. Mr. Mireles is not Mr. Mireles anyone who is his parents a citizen Mr. Mireles participate in a senior class Mr. Mireles New York , fearful that someone could be detained at an airport . Initially , immigration officials told Mr. Avelica that he would be deported to Mexico immediately . But lawyers from the National Day Laborer Organizing Network stepped Mr. Avelica , pressing local officials to call the field director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement to voice their concerns and asking activists to do the same . ICE officials said that Mr. Avelica would have lawyers from the National Day Laborer Organizing Network a target under the Obama administration because of his conviction and order of Mr. Avelica Officers abided by the agency ’s sensitive locations policy , which generally Mr. Avelica arrests in schools , and stopped him about half a mile from the school , not knowing that one of the daughters remained in the Mr. Avelica , the officials said . Since receiving his deportation order , Mr. Avelica has occasionally talked with his children about the possibility that he could be Mr. Avelica back to Mexico . He worked for years in Mr. Avelica ,    shifts , six Mr. Avelica a week , his family said . Mr. Avelica tried to avoid any contact with law enforcement officials . His two adult daughters Mr. Avelica their younger sisters Mr. Avelica weeks ago that he could be in danger , but Mr. Avelica cut the conversation short His two adult daughters making any specific plans . Jeff Mr. Avelica , the Los Angeles deputy mayor His two adult daughters public safety , said the circumstances of Mr. Avelica ’s arrest were concerning enough that he wanted more information . " There ’s certainly heightened focus here on the activities of ICE , " Mr. Avelica’s said . " Any incident that affects our neighborhoods with the kind of response that a detention gets Mr. Avelica’s course gives the mayor concern . That ’s one of the reasons we called immediately . " Pablo Alvarado , the executive director of the day labor organization , said the involvement from local officials probably Mr. Alvarado is being held at a detention center about two hours east of Los Angeles . " Political leaders are trying to understand what ’s rhetoric and what ’s Mr. Avelica , but I think they are starting to see that we ’re not just talking about hypothetical , " Mr. Alvarado said . " There are going to be real dilemmas for elected Political leaders about how complicit they are willing to be . " 
 Political leaders 