Gregory Cheadle says that Gregory Cheadle was n’t offended when Donald Trump called out , at a Friday rally in Redding , California " Look at my   " and that Donald Trump told Gregory Cheadle Gregory Cheadle was talking about jobs , jobs , jobs . [ Gregory Cheadle is the black American man whom Trump Donald Trump out at the Redding rally according to the Redding Record Searchlight . He the black American man whom Trump singled out at the Redding rally according to the Redding Record Searchlight the outlet that he the black American man whom Trump singled out at the Redding rally according to the Redding Record Searchlight proud to be recognized by Trump Donald Trump what he the black American man whom Trump singled out at the Redding rally according to the Redding Record Searchlight as a predominantly white audience . The local outlet estimated the total number in attendance around 4 , 000 .    The mainstream media and social media posters hastily seized on the sound bite , running headlines highlighting the brief phrase . The comment appeared to spur " " trending on Twitter in the United States . As Happy Valley Republican Cheadle sees it , politicians have historically dismissed African Americans and that is why they politicians so quickly to Barack Obama as the first black President . Searchlight reported that Cheadle Happy Valley Republican Cheadle running for Congress in California ’s 1st district . During Trump ’s Redding rally he Trump’s Redding on the violence of    protesters outside the prior night ’s rally in San Jose , California California He Trump’s Redding on to recall an incident at an Arizona Trump rally in which a black Trump Trump’s punched an    protester with a graffitied Trump image whose fellow protester was wearing a    hood . " We had a case where we We an African American guy who was a fan of mine , great fan , great guy , in fact , we We gon na find out what ’s going on with him an African American guy who was a fan of mine, great fan, great guy " said Trump Trump’s Noticing a man in the crowd , Trump Trump’s , " Oh look at my    over here . Look at him an African American guy who was a fan of mine, great fan, great guy Are you the greatest ? Do you know what I ’m talkin’ about ? Ok . " Cheadle told Searchlight that after the speech , as Trump Trump’s preparing to leave , Cheadle Cheadle out " Uncle Donald , Uncle Donald " and Trump Trump’s him Trump’s the audience member he Trump’s pointed to in the audience during his the speech Cheadle Cheadle what Trump Trump’s as he Trump’s Cheadle after the rally , " You know what I was talking about ? Jobs , jobs , jobs . " Cheadle Cheadle Searchlight that he Cheadle to Trump Trump’s " yeah , jobs " was what Trump Trump’s talking about during the speech the speech described the experience as a fog . Trump Trump’s at length during the rally of the Department of Labor ’s May jobs report , which fell far short of expectations . He Trump’s told supporters that he Trump’s bring jobs back and that this is the reason " We have tremendous African American support . " Trump Trump’s to the story of the Arizona confrontation , " So we have an    guy at one of the rallies a month ago and he Trump’s sitting there behaving . And we had protesters we the arena and they were dressed these guys a Ku Klux Klan outfit , ok ? And they ’re running these guys dressed as Ku Klux Klan and the place is booing and booing . This African American gets up and man , he slugged these This African American , he slugged ‘ This African American . " The incident was a rare occurrence of physical confrontation seen inside a Trump rally . Violence has repeatedly broken out on a large scale among    protesters outside of Trump ’s rallies Trump Diego , Costa Mesa , and San Jose are just a few examples of    crowds demonstrating violence and destruction outside of Trump rallies . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 