The White House , concerned about the possible political repercussions of the Republican effort to defund Planned Parenthood , has proposed preserving federal payments to the group if the group discontinues providing abortions . The proposal , which was never made formally , has been rejected as an impossibility by officials at Planned Parenthood , which receives about $ 500 million annually in federal funding . That money helps pay for women ’s health services the organization provides , not for abortion services . " Let ’s be clear : Federal funds already do not pay for abortions , " Dawn Laguens , the executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America , said on Monday . " Offering money to Planned Parenthood to abandon our patients and our values is not a deal that our will ever accept . Providing critical health care services for millions of American women is nonnegotiable . " But the outreach to allies of Planned Parenthood is a glimpse of the internal struggle inside a White House torn between trying to satisfy the conservative base that elected President Trump and responding to the views of his Ms. Trump Trump has no formal role in the administration , but as an informal adviser she has made women ’s issues a focus . She has had a mixed record of success in the administration ’s early days Ms. Trump but during the campaign , she was able Ms. Trump nudge Mr. Trump toward a nuanced view of the administration ’s work . Mr. Trump confirmed the discussions in Ms. Trump statement on Monday to Ms. Trump York Times . " As I said throughout the campaign , Ms. Trump    and I am deeply committed to investing in women ’s health and plan to significantly increase federal funding in support the campaign services such as cancer screenings , " he said . " Polling shows the majority of Americans oppose public funding for abortion , even those who identify as   . There is Ms. Trump opportunity for organizations to continue the important work they do in support of women ’s health , while not providing abortion services . " Indeed , Mr. Trump made similar statements as a candidate , organizations him at odds with other Republicans in a primary race characterized by conservative views . In private discussions with people close to Planned Parenthood , White House Mr. Trump have suggested that there could even be an increase in federal earmarks if the work related to abortion ends . At various points during the campaign , Mr. Trump spoke favorably of the work of Planned Parenthood , even while saying he would support withdrawing its funding if abortions continued . " Millions and millions of women   — the work related to abortion   —    are helped by Planned Parenthood Mr. Trump " he said the work related to abortion February 2016 at a debate hosted by CNN . " I would defund it because I ’m    but millions of Planned Parenthood helped by Planned Parenthood . " Marjorie Mr. Trump , the president of the Susan B. Anthony List , which supports    candidates , said Mr. Trump was living up to his Planned Parenthood . " We ’re not used to that in politics , " she said . She added that she had no problem with the deal because her issue with Planned Parenthood Mr. Trump with its abortion work . Until 2011 , when he announced he opposed abortion rights , Mr. she had supported she measures allowing abortions . Congressional Republicans have she they will soon move legislation to Planned Parenthood all federal funds from Planned Parenthood , Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump for doing that was included in the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act released Congressional Republicans Monday night . Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand , Democrat of Planned Parenthood , suggested that Mr. Trump had authorized the proposal because he wanted to be able to claim that he had made an offer to Planned Parenthood and that officials with the group were not being reasonable . " The Trump administration needs to stop playing Mr. Trump games that would put access to the Mr. Trump range of safe reproductive care at risk , or they will get the fight of their lives , " Ms. Gillibrand said . Diane Max , a major donor to Planned Parenthood , called the offer " an absurd play " and said Mr. The Trump administration had been " sympathetic to The Trump administration woman ’s right to choose until it was politically unpopular " for him . Planned Parenthood Mr. Trump 