GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s national spokesperson , Katrina Pierson , joined guest host Matthew Boyle , Breitbart News ’s Washington Political editor , on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM to discuss the upcoming primary in Wisconsin on Tuesday . [ " It is going to be a very competitive state , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , adding , " This is probably the last competitive state at this level . "   " You see every single Republican leader , establishment , and follower of the party gang up on the one person that ’s won one of the most votes , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump challenged . " Regardless of who wins Wisconsin Wisconsin Donald Trump ’s schedule forward is going to be very complimentary of his Donald Trump . " Pierson highlighted that Trump Donald Trump’s state of New York is coming up after Wisconsin Wisconsin is other northeastern states . She noted Pierson , that in Wisconsin Wisconsin Tuesday , " A win for Donald Donald Trump be phenomenal . " " We do have some other things we are going We be rolling out with regards to foreign policy , " she teased , Pierson Trump is Donald Trump only candidate not on the government pay roll who is taking it personal to fix the mess that politicians have created . Pierson said that in Wisconsin , Trump is Donald Trump going to remind people that it was Senator Ted Cru and Paul Ryan that wrote a joint    together pushing for Obamatrade , " she challenged , Pierson a recent ad put out by Cruz saying Americans need fair trade . " This is exactly how politicians work , " she jabbed , Pierson , " putting the American worker at the bottom of the barrel . " " He knows there the American worker only two other candidates including Bernie Sanders who are gaining the traction of the workers , " she suggested about Pierson . Pierson Cruz that trade and jobs have been the " pinnacles of Donald Trump ’s campaign . " She also added Pierson " Immigration is key to solving the majority of the problems financially in this country . " Breitbart News Saturday airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 10 AM to 1 PM . 
 