Louis C. K. became the latest celebrity to rib the Republican presidential frontrunner when Louis C. K. wrote a lengthy email to Louis C. K. fans , in which the Horace and Pete star urged conservative voters to not be like " Germany in the ’30s " and vote for the " insane bigot " Donald Trump . [ " Please stop it with voting for Trump Donald Trump " C. K. wrote . " It was funny for a little while . But the guy is Hitler . And by that I mean that we are being Germany in the ’30s . Do you think they we are being Germany in the ’30s the    coming ? Hitler Hitler just some hilarious and refreshing dude with a weird comb over who would say anything at all . "   On the revolt currently happening within both major political parties , C. C. K. , " I get that all these people sound like bullsh*t soft criminal opportunists . The whole game feels rigged and it ’s The whole game going anywhere but down anymore . I feel that way sometimes . " In his weekly email promoting his show his HoraceandPete , Louis CK joins the # NeverTrump movement through a long P. S. pic . twitter .    —    david morar ( @morar ) March 5 , 2016 ,   C. K. also addressed that contingent of conservative voters disaffected by years of moderate presidential candidates promoted by Republican party elites . " I really get it , " C. K. said . " And that voting for Trump is a way of saying ‘ f*ck it . F*ck them all’ . It ’s it version of national Suicide . Or it ’s it a big hit off of a crack pipe . Somehow we ca n’t help it . it we know we if we vote we Trump our Trump will be a reliable source of dopamine for the next four years . " " I mean I ca n’t wait to read about Trump every Trump , " he said Trump " It ’s a rush . But you have to know this is not healthy . " Softening his tone Trump , C. K. added that Americans " should choose based on what direction the country should go   …      If you are a true conservative . Do n’t vote for Trump . Trump is Trump one of you . He is Trump of him . Trump you have heard him say Trump you liked , if you look hard enough you will see that he one Trump said the exact opposite . He is Trump you . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 