Reddit users were shocked earlier in the week when the site ’s front page suddenly became populated entirely by posts from the    Trump subreddit ,    . [ Late Thursday evening the front page of     became entirely populated with content from     an error that according to     moderator     was caused by an unexplained " bug . "    Initially users questioned whether or not the sudden page change was an accident or an active effort to take over the     subreddit by     subscribers . However Reddit admins confirmed that this was not the case and was in fact due to a database issue . Reddit admin     said , " My understanding is a database update caused the process that updates     to stop working properly , the long and short of My understanding is that     is incredibly active voting wise , so when the algorithm [ that ] sorts     broke   …     that subreddit was the one to be pulled into the vortex . " " The     algorithm does n’t single out any specific subreddits , but The    algorithm does make The    algorithm so no single subreddit can take over completely , " no single subreddit explained . " The_Donald happens to be incredibly active voting wise ( more so than larger subreddits ) so when things broke the posts in no single subreddit were the ones most actively being voted on and got picked up . " The explanation seamingly admits that posts from the Trump subreddit would make up the majority of Reddit ’s front page if not for the algorithim artificially suppressing them posts from the Trump subreddit would make up the majority of Reddit The no single subreddit come under fire from Reddit admins in the past who have actively worked to prevent     content from reaching the front page , even going as far as to alter the Reddit front page algorithm to deal with the influx of     posts to the site ’s frontpage . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lucas@yiannopoulos Lucas Nolan net 
 