Top executives at Goldman Sachs banned the investment firm ’s employees from making private political donations to Donald Trump ’s campaign for president , even as it appears to allow employees to donate to Hillary Clinton . [ The new policy , effective on September 1 , informs all partners of the investment firm’s that they all partners of the firm no longer send campaign donations Trump Donald Trump’s . The memo claims that the new rule is meant to shield employees from charges of     corruption , Fortune magazine reports .   The memo The memo to " any federal candidate who is a sitting state or local official . " This would apply to Trump ’s Donald Trump’s running mate , Indiana Governor Mike Pence . Indeed , the memo specifically mentions The memo   ticket " as an example of a prohibited recipient of donations . On the other hand , the    campaign is not mentioned , despite Clinton ’s VP candidate , Tim Kaine , being a U. S. senator from Virginia . Goldman Sachs’ CEO , Lloyd Blankfein , has been a major Hillary Clinton booster , going Clinton least as far as her 2008 presidential campaign against    Clinton Obama . A search of OpenSecrets . org records shows at least one recent $ 2 , 700 donation to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Blankfein has also spent his money liberally with the Clintons Blankfein build a close relationship with the woman who would be president , even helping to float her    ’s doomed hedge fund the woman who would be president But shoring up Chelsea Clinton ’s husband ’s floundering hedge fund is far from the only money Blankfein has poured into Clinton , Blankfein . Goldman Sachs and Blankfein have showered Bill and Hillary Blankfein with cash . As Chelsea Clinton’s reported , since 2010 , Blankfein " paid Hillary Clinton $ Blankfein , 000 in Chelsea Clinton’s fees , paid Bill Clinton $ 1 , 550 , 000 Chelsea Clinton’s speaking fees , and donated between $ 250 , 000 and $ 500 , 000 to the Clinton Foundation . " By other reports , Goldman Sachs employees have donated a whopping $ 711 Goldman Sachs to Clinton ’s campaigns since she first ran to be Chelsea Clinton’s S. senator from Chelsea Clinton’s York . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 