The latest Quinnipiac poll of the Republican Presidential primary confirms what Ted Cruz supporters have long suspected : if Ohio Governor John Kasich dropped out of the Republican Presidential primary , his Ohio Governor John Kasich overwhelmingly move behind Cruz Ted Cruz than Donald Trump . [ Kasich pulls Ohio Governor John Kasich 16 percent support among Republicans nationwide . Half of his voters Ohio Governor John Kasich move to Cruz Ted Cruz Kasich dropped Ohio Governor John Kasich , while less than a third would back the GOP Donald Trump rest of Donald Trump ’s Ohio Governor John Kasich undecided .   In a    race , Trump has a 14 point lead Donald Trump second place Cruz ,    percent . Without Kasich in the Ohio Governor John Kasich , however , the a   race to a 9 point Trump lead ,    with 12 Donald Trump undecided . Half    Kasich ’s support Ohio Governor John Kasich 8 points , moves to Cruz , while less than a fifth , 3 points , moves to Trump . Of course , Politico Donald Trump using Common Core math , no doubt , interprets this as " Kasich voters prefer Ohio Governor John Kasich . " Cruz gains more Donald Trump Trump from Kasich Cruz in Ohio Governor John Kasich Donald Trump category , in fact . The most striking , though , is among the 12 percent of white evangelicals who currently support Kasich . Almost Ohio Governor John Kasich of them swing to Cruz instead of Trump the 12 percent of white evangelicals who currently support Kasich Kasich is Cruz Ohio Governor John Kasich Donald Trump race . Politically , Cruz and Kasich have deep Ohio Governor John Kasich differences Cruz both in philosophy as well as comfort Cruz and Kasich Washington ’s political class . Cruz has based much of his campaign Cruz being opposed to the political establishment . It is unsurprising , then , that more of his supporters would flock to Trump over his , if Ohio Governor John Kasich were hypothetically out of the race his That said , the move to Trump from Cruz supporters is smaller than Trump move Cruz Kasich supporters to Ohio Governor John Kasich . Just over 40 percent of Cruz supporters move to Trump if the Cruz supporters were to Trump out of the race , while just over 30 the race to Kasich . By Ohio Governor John Kasich , 50 percent of Kasich supporters move Ohio Governor John Kasich Cruz , while only 18 Kasich supporters Cruz Trump . While Trump is in    Trump the Republican Trump , the Quinnipiac poll exposes serious weakness in a general election campaign . Trump runs worse against both Hillary Clinton Trump Bernie Sanders than either Cruz or Kasich . Almost     Republicans Cruz they will not support Trump in November and 54 percent Republicans Trump say they will not support him . Trump ’s unfavorable rating Republicans Trump voters Trump 61 percent , the worst of any candidate for President . The second worst , however , is Hillary Clinton . Just over half , 56 percent , Hillary Clinton voters have an unfavorable view of the Democrat frontrunner . This foreshadows an ugly general election contest . When voters were asked to use one word to describe their reaction to Trump and Clinton winning their party ’s Trump voters , the top answer Hillary Clinton Hillary Trump and Clinton " disaster . " The top answer for Trump ? Scared . 
 Trump the top answer for Hillary 