On ABC ’s " This Week , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook suggested that Hillary Clinton ’s Republican opponent Donald Trump was " a puppet for the Kremlin . "   Partial transcript as follows : ROBBY MOOK , CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER : Well , George , we ’re not seeing a pivot . Donald Trump himself said this was not a pivot . Donald Trump himself wants to double down on letting Donald Trump himself be Donald Donald Trump himself that ’s why he ’s Donald Trump himself in to run his campaign Donald Trump himself who wrote   —    or ran a    news organization , Breitbart News , which has peddled some of the worst conspiracy theories around . They ’ve some of the worst conspiracy theories around news , quote unquote " news , " that ’s defended white supremacists , that ’s been sexist , racist , the worst of our politics . So , I think we should be very concerned . I would also point out that Paul Manafort has been pushed out , but that does n’t mean that the Russians have been pushed out of this campaign . The hand of the Kremlin has been at work in this campaign this campaign time . It ’s clear that they are supporting Donald Trump . But we now we Donald Trump to Donald Trump us the we to which the hand of The hand of the Kremlin core of the Kremlin campaign this campaign a web of financial interests Donald Trump have not been disclosed . And there are real questions being raised about whether Donald Trump himself is just a puppet for the Kremlin in Donald Trump : You ’re the Kremlin ’s a puppet for the Kremlin ? MOOK : Well , real questions are Donald Trump the Kremlin that . We   —    again , there ’s a web of financial ties to the Russians that he refuses to disclose . We ’ve seen over the last few week , him parroted Donald Trump Putin in his own remarks . We saw the Republican Party platform changed Donald Trump She saw Donald Trump Donald Trump about leaving NATO We leaving our Eastern European allies vulnerable to a Russian attack . The gentleman he brought with him to his security briefing just last week is someone who ’s on Donald Trump payroll of Donald Trump Russia Donald Trump , which is a basically a propaganda arm of the Kremlin . He was sitting two seats away from Vladimir Putin at heir 10th Anniversary gala . There Donald Trump a lot of questions here . And we need Donald Trump to disclose all of his financial ties and whether his advisers are having meetings with the Kremlin . Follow Pam Donald Trump on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 Donald Trump 