The Senate Democrats’    leader is warning Republicans against blocking President Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee to replace Justice Antonin Scalia , claiming such an action would be a radical abdication of Republicans duties as senators . [ " Pursuing Republicans radical strategy in a quixotic quest to deny the basic fact that the American people elected President Obama   —    twice   —    would rank among the most rash and reckless actions in the history of the Senate . And the consequences will reverberate for decades , " the Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid ( ) wrote in an    published at The Washington Post .   According to " Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid ( ) wrote in an   published at The Washington Post , the Senate ’s constitutional duty to confirm Supreme Court nominees trumps " partisan battles " and is essential to the country ’s system of checks and balances . Failing to allow a nominee to proceed , he a nominee , would mean the Republican majority had given the the Senate to GOP presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump . " My Republican Senate colleagues the Senate know , too , that they will My Republican Senate colleagues unconditionally surrendering their party My Republican Senate colleagues presidential candidates Sen. Ted Cruz ( . ) and Donald Trump , " he wrote . Sen. Ted Cruz ( .) and Donald Trump Behind closed doors , many of my colleagues complain about the direction their party has Sen. Ted Cruz ( .) and Donald Trump recent years , " Reid continued . " But if they cross this Rubicon the Senate they will be as the Senate as Sen. Cruz or Trump themselves , having resigned any claim to leadership and enlisting as foot soldiers in a radical effort to obstruct and delegitimize the president at all costs . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) has stressed that no nominee should replace Scalia until after the 2016 presidential election . " The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court The American people , " he said in a Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) Saturday . " Therefore , this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President . " Scalia was found dead Saturday at a West Saturday Ranch . He was 79 years Scalia . 
 