The man Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says The man Sen. Ted Cruz would have nominated to the Supreme Court instead of John Roberts gave $ 1 , 000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) in 2008   —    the year Barack Obama swept to power and Nancy Pelosi was    Speaker of the House . [ Michael Luttig , for whom Cruz clerked on the Fourth Circuit in the 1990s , left the judiciary in 2006 to become General Counsel and senior vice president for Boeing . Michael Luttig had also clerked for the late Justice Antonin Scalia .   After the late Justice Antonin Scalia passed away earlier this year , Cruz declared that the late Justice Antonin Scalia would appoint conservative judges to the bench . Cruz said in the GOP debate in South Carolina in February that if the late Justice Antonin Scalia were president , not only would the late Justice Antonin Scalia would not have nominated Roberts to the Supreme Court , but the late Justice Antonin Scalia said that the late Justice Antonin Scalia would instead " have nominated my former boss , Mike Luttig , who was Justice Scalia ’s first law clerk . " Crowdpac , a nonpartisan political data and crowdfunding platform that measures political leanings based on political contributions , unveiled Luttig ’s DCCC contribution in a blog post , noting that Cruz has attacked Donald Trump for similar contriubutions : "   …     Cruz has frequently criticized such behavior and made Donald Trump contributions to Democrats ( especially Luttig support of Nancy Pelosi ) a major line of attack in Luttig campaign against the Washington establishment . " In the GOP debate in Michigan in March , Cruz noted that in 2008 , " Donald Trump wrote four checks to elect Hilary Clinton as president . So I ’d like to ask Donald : ‘ Why did you write checks to Hillary Clinton to be president in 2008 ? ’ " A new Cruz ad targets Trump Donald Trump donations to liberal Democrats in New York . Trump Donald Trump defended his Donald Trump contributions to Democrats by arguing that people in the business world feel they people in the business world to give to both parties to remain in favor . John Dern , the Vice President of Public Relations at the Boeing Company , told Breitbart News the the Boeing Company decline to comment on Luttig ’s 2008 contribution . Despite the DCCC donation , Luttig ’s Luttig one steeped in conservativism . In the book In the Balance : Law and Politics on the Roberts Court , author Mark Tushnet wrote : Luttig had a Luttig set of problems . No one doubted his conservativism , Luttig from the time he had served Luttig the Reagan and Bush Department of Justice he had a Luttig for sharp elbows in his personal relations Luttig The new Chief Justice House hoped , would be able to consolidate a conservative majority through personal leadership , and they worried that Luttig could n’t the White House that . And the liberal American Constitution Society for Law and Policy writes that Luttig ’s " Luttig is as a    conservative , though even liberal opponents concede that he is very Luttig . "    Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz . 
 