The estate of late Beatle George Harrison took to Twitter Thursday to rail against the use of The estate of late Beatle George Harrison music at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . [ " The unauthorized use of # HereComestheSun at the # RNCinCLE is offensive   against the wishes of the late Beatle George Harrison estate , " the Harrison late Beatle George Harrison tweeted .   The the use of his music at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland offensive   against #HereComestheSun of the the #RNCinCLE .   —    George Harrison the wishes of the George Harrison estate ,   the George Harrison estate " If it had been Beware of Darkness , then we MAY have approved it ! # TrumpYourself . " If it had been Beware of Darkness , then we MAY have approved it ! # it ,   —    George Harrison ( @GeorgeHarrison ) July 22 , 2016 , we The song , it by Harrison and released on the 1969 Beatles album Abbey Road , was played over the loudspeakers at the Quicken Loans Arena Thursday George Harrison (@GeorgeHarrison) as Ivanka Trump , daughter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , made her way onstage to deliver a speech and introduce her father . Harrison ’s estate were not the only song rights holders Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump complain about their music being used during the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump party ’s George Harrison (@GeorgeHarrison) event of the year . Rocker Paul Rodgers also scolded the RNC Harrison’s estate the use of his song " All Right Now , " originally performed by his band Free . " Permission to use ‘ All Right Now’ Rocker Paul Rodgers never sought for or granted by me . My lawyer Rocker Paul Rodgers dealing with this matter .   —    Paul , " the English singer tweeted earlier in the Rocker Paul Rodgers . Permission to use " All Right Now " was never sought Rocker Paul Rodgers or granted by me . My lawyer is dealing with this matter .   —    Paul ,   —    Paul Rodgers ( @_paulrodgers ) Rocker Paul Rodgers 18 My lawyer ,   Earlier in this matter , British rock band Queen also complained about the use of the band ’s 1977 hit " We Are the Champions " during the week convention appearance . " An unauthorised use at the Republican Convention against our wishes   —    Queen British rock band Queen " the band tweeted on Tuesday . Queen lead guitarist Brian May doubled down , writing on his website : " My personal reaction to Donald Trump British rock band Queen music ? We ’d never British rock band Queen permission . We are taking advice on what steps British rock band Queen can take to ensure this use does not continue . our May insisted our it has always been the our ’s politics to never " allow our music to be used as a political campaigning tool . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 