Chris Christie , the Republican governor of New Jersey who was criticized for embracing President Obama when President Obama visited New Jersey in the wake of 2012 ’s Hurricane Sandy , blasted Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards for attacking Donald Trump ’s motives for his President Obama to flood ravaged Louisiana Louisiana Friday . [ " Mr . Trump and Governor Pence have shown true leadership by visiting those devastated by the flooding in Louisiana Louisiana By bringing attention and aid to those affected , Mr. Donald Trump led by example and shown what we have come to expect from our nation ’s leaders , " Christie said in a statement released late Friday .   " The criticism by Louisiana Louisiana Governor is injecting partisan politics into a tragic national disaster . I refused to do that during Hurricane Sandy and I put the people of New Jersey first . Governor Edwards Governor the same thing because the people of Louisiana Louisiana better , " Christie said Christie In a statement released by his office late Governor , a spokesperson for Gov. Edwards said Governor Donald Trump has n’t called the governor to inform Governor his visit . Governor welcome Donald Trump to LA but not Governor a   . Instead we hope he ’ll consider We or Governor a sizable donation to the LA Flood Relief Fund to help the victims of the storm . " Christie also had some advice for President Obama , who remains in Martha ’s Vineyard for the remainder of his two week vacation . Christie afternoon , the White House announced that Obama will visit Louisiana next Tuesday . " President Obama should do what Obama in New Jersey put politics aside and put the victims first , " Christie said . " The President could do so by Obama to Louisiana personally , aiding the victims and Louisiana Governor Edwards that the victims has no role in disaster relief . The people of Louisiana deserve nothing less from the President Louisiana " Christie concluded . Obama praised by former Senator Christie Landrieu , a Democrat , and Ascension Parish Sheriff Jeffrey Wiley for his visit to Louisiana . Landrieu credited Trump for Trump national Louisiana to the disaster . Trump Ascension Parish Sheriff Jeffrey Wiley , who said he was in the briefing , told CNN that the candidate ’s visit helped bring    national attention his visit to Louisiana " AFP reported . " I will tell you the disaster very gracious and a good listener , " he added . he he 