We ’re hearing a lot this week from liberal pundits and # NeverTrump conservatives about how the Democratic Party has supposedly seized the mantle of patriotism from the Democratic Party . [ While Donald Trump talks about everything that is wrong with America , We are told , Democrats talk about everything that is right   —    and therefore they have Democrats Ronald Reagan ’s optimism , or the " moral high ground , " as Jeffrey Engel of Southern Methodist University put it .   Engel went Jeffrey Engel of Southern Methodist University : on the last night of the Democrats’ convention in Philadelphia , he says Jeffrey Engel of Southern Methodist University the " Democrats were Republicans " ( original emphasis ) . Few of these people the "Democrats Philadelphia . Philadelphia ’s talk about what really happened at the convention the Democrats’ convention in Philadelphia the first night , there were no American flags to be seen . There was a Palestinian flag , but not one of the Great American Patriots of the Democratic Party thought to decorate the hall with Old Glory . A few flags appeared onstage after that , and on the last night , Democrats brought them in by the A few flags   —    partly for visual effect , but also to hide the    Clinton signs held by some Bernie Sanders delegates . The party also supplied the Democratic Party printed " USA " signs for the same purpose . Day 1 of # DNCinPHL : no American flags . Day 4 of # DemsInPhilly : FLAGS FLAGS FLAGS pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   In addition , there was no respect paid to law enforcement . Uniformed police were invisible on the floor of the convention , and many were cordoned off backstage behind blue curtains . The " Mothers of the Movement , " who lost sons and relatives in encounters with police , were brought on in prime time on Day 2 , but no one thought to invite the widows of murdered police . A belated moment of silence on Day 4 for the Dallas officers killed earlier this month was protested by Black Lives Matter delegates . Worse , and also on Day 4 , delegates in the convention hall heckled General John Allen and other veterans , shouting " No more wars ! " Competing signs and chants : " USA ! " and " NO MORE WARS ! " while Gen. John Allen speaks at # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 29 , 2016 ,   The chanting continued as wounded veteran Florentin Groberg took to the stage .   Just minutes before , in the convention ’s most poignant moment , delegates cheered the parents of fallen hero Capt . Humayun Khan , who held the Constitution aloft and rebuked Donald Trump ’s policy of barring Muslim immigration . But when living veterans appeared ? No such respect . You might not have seen much of that on TV . That is because the organizers did their best to suppress dissent the organizers They cracked down on homemade the organizers , prevented Sanders delegates from sitting together , and even turned the lights out over parts of the arena . In the days before the convention , emails from Wikileaks revealed party leaders colluded to ensure Sanders lost the primary race Sanders How patriotic is that ? As for the speeches , look more closely . Hillary Clinton said , " America is great   —    because America is good . " America   —    but she also accused America of Hillary Clinton systemic racism America " a malicious , false charge . President Barack Obama caused    Republicans to swoon in unison , recalling Reagan ’s " Morning in America . " True , America said : " I President Barack Obama more optimistic about the future of America than ever before . America But he also said : " President Barack Obama ’re not done perfecting our union , or living We to our founding creed that all We us are created equal . We After eight years , America ’s still not good America for Barack Obama . First Lady President Barack Obama delivered what President Barack Obama speech of the convention . She said : " So , look , so President Barack Obama n’t let anyone ever tell you that this country is n’t great America somehow we need to make it great again . Because this right now is the this country isn’t great country on earth ! " A far cry from what she said in February 2008 , when she declared , President Barack Obama [ F]or the first time in President Barack Obama adult life I am proud of my country . " Maybe she America . Or maybe the Obamas just love America President Barack Obama they can rule it . America the old Samuel Johnson America the Obamas : " Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel . " Democrats put on a show of patriotism   —    barely   —    at election time , but they share the broader left ’s belief that America is flawed Democrats that it is America problem in the world rather than the solution . They are waving the flag because they have run out of Democrats . They are fooling no Democrats except those who believe an America Democrats elects Trump is not worth America . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths Joel B. Pollak Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 