Tuesday on CNN , former Republican presidential candidate former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) said " Shame on them " to Gov. John Kasish ( )   and former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) for not voting for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump after not voting for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump signed a pledge to do so during the Republican primary .   former Republican presidential candidate former Sen. Rick Santorum said , " I ’m not happy with John Kasich or Paul Ryan and the way John Kasich or Paul Ryan ’re conducting John Kasich or Paul Ryan , particularly John Kasich . I want to say to John John Kasich if you ’re watching —   John , you signed a pledge ! You signed a pledge saying you would support the Republican nominee for president . You signed a pledge in order to get on the ballot in South Carolina . You promised that you would follow through with that . And you knew Donald Trump had a chance because he was Donald Trump in the polls at the time to be our nominee and you signed it anyway . You ca n’t say a man who is not going to keep his word Donald Trump someone , frankly , who should be paid attention to when it comes to how he ’s Donald Trump to vote . " " John , you are better than that . John was John dear friend in Congress and I know John Kasich is better than that . Jeb Bush , I would say the same thing to you . Jeb Bush signed a pledge . I would say the same the same thing candidates who have not stepped forward and said ‘ I ’m going to support Donald Trump,’ because   you would n’t have been on the ballot , you would n’t have been able to run for president had you not signed that pledge . And a pledge ’re out there talking about , ‘ Well , he has character that ’s Donald Trump,’ the dignity of the office,’ what about that character ? What about the character —   I that character to tell your ’m and grandkids that you signed a pledge , you gave your word to be president of the United States and you backed away from it . Shame on them . your word Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 