Democrats are claiming that Donald Trump ’s comments about " 2nd Amendment people " stopping Hillary Clinton ’s    agenda was somehow a violent threat . Shills for Hillary like Elizabeth Warren are even calling it a " death threat . " [ . @realDonaldTrump makes death threats because @realDonaldTrump ’s a pathetic coward who ca n’t handle the fact that @realDonaldTrump ’s losing to a girl .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) August 9 , 2016 ,    The idea that Trump ’s comments should be interpreted as a threat highlight the ignorance that leads these same    to assume gun owners own guns because guns are violent . The truth is that gun owners are overwhelmingly peaceful , responsible , and organized and that Trump ’s comment is correct , there are many things gun owners can do to stop    Hillary . Here is what Donald Trump , " If she gets   Hillary pick her judges   Hillary nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is . I do n’t know . " Donald Trump Trump , there are things that " 2nd Amendment people " can do to stop    Hillary and   Hillary   Hillary include violence . 2nd Amendment people : Unite to defeat    Hillary in November   Hillary campaign spokesman Jason Miller issued a statement to the media pointing out that " 2nd Amendment people " could stop Hillary Clinton by uniting to defeat Hillary Clinton at the ballot Hillary Clinton It ’s called the power of the ballot box   —    2nd Amendment people have amazing spirit and are tremendously unified , which gives them great political power . And 2nd Amendment people year , they will be voting in record 2nd Amendment people , and it wo n’t be for Hillary Clinton , it will be Hillary Clinton Trump . it organized gun organizations like Gun Owners of America and the NRA will credibly argue that any gun owner who votes for anybody but Donald Trump in November is casting a Donald Trump their interests as a gun owner . 2 any gun owner who votes for anybody but Donald Trump in November Block    Hillary in the CongressThe Obama administration has said that they are " profoundly frustrated , " that the CongressThe Obama administration    agenda has been blocked by Congress the CongressThe Obama administration himself has said , " The one Obama I feel I ’ve been the most frustrated and the most stymied , it is the fact that the United States of America is the one advanced nation on earth in which we do not have sufficient    gun safety laws . " Even if Hillary Clinton is elected she might find it difficult to pass her    agenda Hillary Clinton Congress . 3 : Block    Even if Hillary Clinton is elected the courts"2nd Amendment people " have had significant success reversing    laws in the courts during the last decade . The largest being Heller     District of Columbia which ruled Washington DC ’s draconian gun ban unconstitutional . While Hillary will certainly try to appoint judges who are open to   Hillary reinterpretation of the 2nd Amendment , she has stated that she would use opposition to the Supreme   Hillary ruling on campaign   Hillary laws known simply as " Citizens United " as a litmus test . Which litmus tests will she prioritize ? The Senate must also approve Supreme Court nominees   Hillary could block    nominees . 4 : Supreme Court    HillaryOn     more than a hundred thousand " 2nd Amendment people " rallied in more than 100 locations across the country as part of the " Day of Resistance . " The message to the political and media elite was that peaceful gun owners would use every peaceful means necessary to resist laws and " interpretations " that infringe on constitutional rights . Just because Hillary Clinton decrees a limit on magazine capacity or which " scary looking guns " are banned does n’t mean that otherwise    gun owners will comply . If Hillary and or her SCOTUS try to reinterpret the 2nd Amendment millions Hillary Clinton they have Hillary Clinton not to comply . @GunOwners ,   —    the 2nd Amendment millions Stockton ( @DustinStockton ) August 9 , 2016 ,   5 : Nullify    Hillary in the statesAs a last resort , " 2nd Amendment people " can pass laws at the state level nullifying federal laws that infringe on constitutional rights including the 2nd Amendment . At a minimum , this would legally tie the issue up for years giving " 2nd Amendment people " more opportunities to block the    at the ballot box . Gun owners are determined to preserve the 2nd Amendment for future generations because they understand that it is the 2nd Amendment against government tyranny . Donald Trump Gun owners their determination and knows that they are prepared to peacefully fight    globalists like Hillary Clinton even if she their the election in November . Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Hillary Clinton News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or   Facebook . 
 Dustin Stockton 