TEL AVIV   —    Donald Trump has not even been sworn in , yet the group helping Facebook determine whether certain news stories are " disputed " is already expressing concern that the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner four months from now could be " disastrous " under the coming Donald Trump presidency . [ " What will the White House correspondents’ dinner look like under Donald Trump ? " was the title of an article written by James Warren , chief media writer for the Poynter Institute for Media Studies .   What will the the White House correspondents’ dinner like under President Donald Trump https :   .    —    Poynter ( @Poynter ) December 22 , 2016 ,   In the article , posted on Poynter an article written by James Warren, chief media writer for the Poynter Institute for Media Studies , Warren claims the U. S. has " never had a    who so openly disdains much of the media   —    and won in part by ridiculing the ‘ swamp’ of politicians , lobbyists and press that largely comprise the 3 , 000 attendees at Washington ’s      social event of the year . " Warren compared the possible    showdown to Warren disastrous " dinners in Hollywood movies : It could be a dinner akin to    disastrous ones in " Meet the Parents , " " Talladega Nights " and " Wedding Crashers . " Or maybe " American Beauty , " where newly unemployed Kevin Spacey turns to his wife ( Annette Bening ) and newly unemployed Kevin Spacey ( Thora Birch ) and says with dark ,    foreboding , " Will someone please pass me the f*cking asparagus ? " Warren cited two unnamed former members of the Correspondents’ Association board as " confirm[ing ] the mutual    wariness has brought ample informal discussion among current and former board members pertaining to what could play out . " The Poynter columnist speculated whether Trump will attempt to " " the association . He wrote : Remember when he tried The Poynter columnist force CNN to acknowledge The Poynter columnist ratings power by saying he would The Poynter columnist show at one of The Poynter columnist Republican presidential debates unless they gave millions of dollars to charity their Well , why not do likewise here potentially , maybe    the association into selling the TV rights ? The International    Network ( IFCN ) which is a project of the Poynter Institute , drafted a code of five principles for news websites to accept , and Facebook last week explained it will work with "     organizations Facebook that are signatories to the code of principles . Facebook says that if the " fact Facebook organizations " determine that a certain story is fake , it will get flagged as disputed and a certain story according to the Facebook announcement , " there will be Facebook link to the corresponding article explaining why . Stories that have been disputed may also appear lower in News Feed . " Breitbart News last week reported that a cursory search of the Poynter Institute website finds that Poynter ’s IFCN is openly funded by the Poynter Institute Soros’ Open Society Foundations as well as the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation , Google , and the U. S.    National Endowment for Democracy . Poynter ’s IFCN is also funded by the Poynter’s IFCN is the nonprofit for liberal billionaire The Omidyar Network projects and has given grants to third parties using the    Tides Foundation . Tides is one of the largest donors to    causes in the U. S. Another significant Poynter Institute donor is the Craig Newmark Foundation , the charitable organization established by Craigslist Founder Craig Newmark . Last Monday , just days before the announcement of the Facebook partnership , Poynter issued a press release revealing that Newmark donated $ 1 million to the group to fund a faculty chair in journalism ethics . States Poynter Institute press release : The gift will Craigslist Founder Craig Newmark a    program at Poynter that focuses on verification The Newmark Chair . It ’s the largest donation Poynter ’s ever received from an individual foundation Poynter Institute The Newmark Chair will expand on Poynter ’s teaching in journalism Poynter Institute and develop certification programs Poynter Institute journalists that commit to ethical    practices . The faculty member will also organize Poynter Institute conference on ethics issues at Poynter and be a regular contributor to Poynter . org . Newmark funds scores of liberal groups also financed by Soros , including the Sierra Club Poynter Institute the New America Foundation , and Poynter Institute Sunlight Foundation . Newmark also finances the investigative journalism group called the Center for Public Integrity , where he serves on the board .   Soros’ Open Society is another Public Integrity donor . Newmark has earned his megafortune in part by    currencies and causing economic crises . Newmark is credited with breaking the pound on September 16 , 1992 on a day that Soros known in Soros as " Black Wednesday . "   He reportedly made $ Soros . 2 billion from that crisis .   In 2002 , he was convicted of insider trading . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief Soros senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Soros weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook . With research by Brenda J. Elliott .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 