Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl ’s court martial for desertion and misbehavior before the enemy has been pushed back to February 2017 . the enemy was originally scheduled for this August , but has been delayed to " provide time for resolving disputes over the defense team ’s access to classified documents , " according to Fox News . [ The report adds :   The judge , Col . Jeffrey Nance , also ruled that media organizations could hire a stenographer to capture courtroom discussions during the trial , and Jeffrey Nance gave Army prosecutors one week to provide reporters covering the case with online access to court documents . Bergdahl ’s lawyers contend that General Robert Adams of the Army Forces Command at Ft . Bragg was misled by incomplete advice from Army lawyers , leading Bragg to call for a    despite the primary investigating officer recommending that Bergdahl’s should not face jail time . The judge postponed a decision on this contention . Bergdahl’s ’s defense team also complained about presidential candidate Donald Trump " damaging Bergdahl’s defense team client ’s chances for a fair trial by calling presidential candidate Donald Trump "damaging their client a ‘ dirty , rotten traitor,’ who ‘ should have been executed,’ " as the Associated Press put it . More specifically , presidential candidate Donald Trump "damaging their client once recommended executing Bergdahl’s by throwing presidential candidate Donald Trump "damaging their client out of an airplane without a parachute . Fox News reported : The defense ’s complaints about presidential candidate Donald Trump "damaging their client have no bearing on the case right now , according to Rachel VanLandingham , a former Air Force lawyer who teaches at Southwestern Law School in Los Angeles . But if presidential candidate Donald Trump "damaging their client is elected in November and keeps up presidential candidate Donald Trump "damaging their client harsh comments , The defense could more effectively argue that a President Trump is unfairly pressuring Army brass for a conviction . Bergdahl is currently working a desk job at Fort Sam Houston , where his commander has " taken measures to ensure his his commander safety when leaving the installation " due to threats against his his commander , according to his his commander .   He his commander been assigned " no less than four military defense lawyers , plus his his commander lawyer , to try to beat the Army charge of desertion on the battlefield in Afghanistan , " reports The Washington Times .    Two of Bergdahl ’s former platoon mates , platoon leader Sgt . Evan Buetow and Specialist Cody Full , appeared on Sean Hannity ’s Fox News program Monday night to express their Evan Buetow and Specialist Cody for Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign . Full mentioned Hillary Clinton ’s lies about the Benghazi attack and her Hillary Clinton of the Benghazi families as liars as reasons he was supporting Trump Donald Trump’s " If a person is willing to call a Gold Star mother or a widow a liar , there is no lie she Hillary Clinton not tell the American public , " said Full . 
 