   of the electoral college votes    Donald Trump won on Donald Trump way to a resounding 306 to 232 electoral college victory over Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton came from three states where Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton combined margin of victory was only 108 , 600 votes . [ No major media outlet has yet called Michigan for Donald Trump , but a spokesperson for the Michigan Secretary of State ’s office told Breitbart News on Thursday " there ’s no reason to believe there will be large numbers of votes that will be found subsequent to the current reporting . "   Donald Trump won Pennsylvania , with Donald Trump 20 electoral college votes , by 68 , 236 votes , Wisconsin , with Donald Trump 10 electoral college votes , by 27 , 257 votes , and Michigan , with Donald Trump 16 electoral college votes , by 13 , 107 votes . Had those 108 , 600 votes gone to Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton would have won the presidency with a a 278 to 260 electoral college victory over Donald Trump . ( Though New Hampshire , with New Hampshire 4 electoral college votes has not yet been called , Hillary Clinton holds a 1 , 614 vote margin there —   0 . 2 percent of votes cast in the state —    with 100 percent of precincts reporting . ) Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by 0 . 2 percent , or about 200 , 000 votes out of a total of 120 million total votes cast . A key shift of less than 0 . 1 percent of those votes —   108 , 600 —   would have given us Hillary Clinton instead of    Trump . Clinton Hillary Clinton inattention on the campaign trail to these three " Rust Belt " states cost her Hillary Clinton . As The Week , points out , Hillary Hillary Clinton to visit Wisconsin , even once , after April . It could have been even worse for the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton Trump , who only visited Minnesota once during the last month of the campaign the Clinton campaign overflow rally held Sunday at the Minneapolis airport ) almost won that traditionally liberal state ’s 10 electoral college votes as well . The final tally there gave Clinton only Hillary Clinton 42 , 951 vote victory —   1 . 4 percent of the votes cast in the state . Sources in Minnesota tell Breitbart Minnesota that Trump may well have won the state had the state an additional Trump rally in Duluth during the last week of the campaign . Over the last month of the campaign , in the campaign Trump visited Pennsylvania and Trump numerous times . By the time the Clinton campaign realized those the campaign in play , it was too late to catch up , a realization that may not have completely been understood by the Clinton campaign until early Wednesday morning the campaign Clinton Pennsylvania for Trump , putting him Trump the top Trump making him   . " Trump experts insisted that it was folly for Trump and his team Trump believe Trump and Wisconsin were within their grasp . Pennsylvania was also said to be Michigan and Wisconsin ’s gold Pennsylvania Republicans every four years . Trump ’s team ignored Trump   and struck a rich vein across the Trump’s team Belt , " Carl Cannon wrote at Real Clear Politics on Thursday after the shock of Trump ’s victory began to Trump . Trump ’s team understood a number Trump about these Rust Belt Trump’s team team missed . First , the anger at the loss of manufacturing Trump’s team greater than the Clinton team ever realized . Opposition to NAFTA , which Trump pointed to as one Trump’s team Clinton job losses , resonated with blue collar voters . Second , the National Rifle Association mounted a very aggressive and effective      effort on Trump ’s behalf in Ohio , Pennsylvania Trump , and Wisconsin . Third , Clinton ’s support for increasing the number of Syrian refugees by 550 percent , and the number of refugees overall , was very unpopular with    voters , especially in Michigan and Minnesota . Trump ’s promise to suspend the Syrian refugee resettlement program if elected , as well as the Michigan of refugees from countries that were hostile to voters , motivated many Rust Belt voters to back him . Trump ’s call for an end to the resettlement of refugees without the support of local communities during his Trump rally Trump Minneapolis served to emphasize the difference between the two candidates at the very moment that the last Trump undecided Rust Belt voters were making up their minds . 
 Rust Belt the last few undecided Rust Belt voters 