Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney defeated a    Republican Establishment effort in Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney Tuesday congressional primary in New York . [ Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney took down businessman Steve Wells in her Tuesday congressional primary in New York , claiming 41 New York to Wells’ 33 percent . A source said that Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney could end up winning by more than ten points once the absentee ballots are counted .   The establishment spent more than a million dollars against Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney in the primary to try to keep Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney out of her Tuesday congressional primary in New York Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney is now poised to square off against   Democrat Kim Myers , who is the daughter of the Dick ’s Sporting Goods founder , in November ’s general election . Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney recently spoke to Breitbart News Saturday on Sirius XM Patriot Channel 125 about Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney primary race and Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney political philosophy . " I ’m not afraid to stand up to the establishment in both parties , whether it ’s Republican or Democrat , " Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney said . " It ’s going to be well over a million dollars by the time it ’s done , " Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney said about the money being spent against It in the primary . " It ’s probably going to be close to two million dollars   …     This is what I ’m up against . Wealthy liberal Republicans who are just trying to preserve the status quo . " She went on to say : Incredibly , by the way , none Wealthy liberal Republicans who are just trying to preserve the status quo. " them will come out and support Trump . They wo n’t even admit Wealthy liberal Republicans who are just trying to preserve the status quo. " they ’re going to support Donald Trump Wealthy liberal Republicans who are just trying to preserve the status quo. " Donald Trump is going to Wealthy liberal Republicans who are just trying to preserve the status quo. " up the establishment and Trump that ’s Trump are so afraid of with me . I have n’t been endorsed Wealthy liberal Republicans who are just trying to preserve the status quo. " establishment Republicans . I have a lot of people who are Democrats who are now on the Trump Train who are also supporting me , not because they agree with me on everything but because they know that the cabal between the Democrats who are now on the Trump Train who are also supporting me in both me is destroying this country Democrats who are now on the Trump Train who are also supporting me they need someone who ’s going to be strong and stand up for them . Democrats who are now on the Trump Train who are also supporting me previously helped fight Oneida Indian Nation leader Ray Halbritter , who spearheaded Democrats who are now on the Trump Train who are also supporting me campaign to change the Washington Redskins mascot because he claimed it was offensive to Native Americans . As this reporter revealed , Halbritter Tenney not the Washington Redskins mascot a legitimate member of the tribe he leads , according to genealogical documents . 
 Halbritter 