You probably heard about the vote by students at Stanford University a couple of weeks ago , but similar event occurs nearly every day on some college campus near you . Political correctness is alive and flourishing on the majority of campuses , and Political correctness is a symptom of a deeper cultural rot . [ The really odd thing is , everyone condemns political correctness , but no one wants to do anything about it where it is doing the most damage   —    in our educational institutions . The Stanford student vote to ban the study of Western Civilization from the curriculum should be a    call .   Donald Trump gets enthusiastic applause when Donald Trump denounces PC at large campaign rallies , but Donald Trump Donald Trump n’t dared to bring that message to the citadel of PC , Stanford University , or any other major university . If Trump Donald Trump to speak at Stanford ,    or USC , he Donald Trump need a security detail rivaling the size of the NYC police department . But it ’s not just politics that upsets the guardians of political correctness , it it our history , our ideals , and the symbols of American greatness . Che Guevara is a popular figure for    these days , but Christopher Columbus and Patrick Henry , not so much . At Stanford in April , a group of undergraduate students petitioned to place a question on the spring student government election ballot . They a group of undergraduate students more than 6 , 000 undergraduates to vote to ask Stanford Stanford to institute a    required course in the fundamental of western civilization . Prior to the student vote , the conservative student publishers of the Stanford Review appealed to fellow students’ to support the petition to the Stanford faculty In accordance with Stanford Stanford to educating its students Stanford and in recognition of the unique role Western culture has had in shaping our political , economic , and social institutions , Stanford University should mandate that freshmen complete a    Western civilization requirement covering the politics , history , philosophy , and culture of the Western world . But a hostile column in the main campus newspaper warned that accepting the proposal would mean centering Stanford education on Stanford University upholding white supremacy , capitalism and colonialism , and all other oppressive systems that flow from Western civilizations . " The    and censors won the debate and the proposal lost the proposal vote by a     margin . Stanford parents , Stanford University and corporate benefactors can now rest easy , knowing that Stanford students will Stanford University protected from being taught anything positive about all the many " oppressive systems that flow from Western civilization . " But take note that this was a vote by undergraduate students —    not faculty , not administrators . The students themselves   —    at an average age of 20   —    voted for   . The really frightening message here is not about Stanford , it Stanford University about our entire educational system . It is a grave mistake to blame that student vote on brainwashing by Stanford faculty . Stanford University ugly truth is , most of those undergraduate students arrived at Stanford with that Stanford University attitude . Freshmen at our major universities arrive already believing our western heritage is one of " class and gender oppression , " exploitation and general wickedness . Thus , leftist faculty are plowing the fertile ground prepared by their public school partners leftist faculty complacent parents . Despite symbolic actions like the April vote at Stanford , the Stanford University at Stanford and every Stanford University university is designed and controlled by faculty and administrators , not by students , acting under the broad policies set by the Trustees . Interference from outside is resisted as   —    well , as interference . Trying to impose standards or curriculum content from outside is always opposed and defeated . But there is a powerful fourth partner in this governing structure besides faculty , administrators and trustees : alumni donors . Alumni are the silent partners who are complicit in the progressive degradation of American higher education . They annually pour billions Alumni dollars into university expansions and sit silent while standards are abandoned for politically correct fads and festivities . Any suggestion that their alma mater might Alumni headed down the wrong path in destroying the intellectual foundations of America ’s greatness   —    such ideas are resisted by " loyal alumni . " If alumni took such ideas seriously , they would be compelled alumni act   —    and that might endanger their popularity at the alumni homecoming game . A few years ago at the University of Colorado at Boulder , one of the tenured professors made the mistake of becoming a little too controversial outside the campus . His name was Ward Churchill . After the    terrorist attacks that killed almost 2 , 000 Americans , Professor Churchill said that Ward Churchill Ward Churchill were not innocent civilians , and maybe they deserved their fate because the victims were the victims for the the victims oppressors . Those remarks were too much even for the very liberal Regents , and he was dismissed . Churchill Ward Churchill to retain his Ward Churchill , but the Ward Churchill won the case . Yet the university was able to the university NOT because of what Ward Churchill said about the victims Ward Churchill    but because he had lied about his Ward Churchill qualifications on his Ward Churchill . The truth Ward Churchill , similar ugly ,    statements are made almost every day at state universities from Colorado to Florida , Oregon to Vermont , while university trustees do nothing about it and alumni remain silent . And so does Donald Trump and so do we . America ’s decline and fall , as Tocqueville predicted , is   . 
 