Glenn Beck delivered a fiery closing keynote speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) comparing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump to the " Arthur Slugworth " character from Willy Wonka   the Chocolate Factory and claiming that the Industrial Revolution " was born " in the United States due to the Constitution . [ Glenn Beck opened Glenn Beck speech by recounting the story of the 1971 film adaptation of Roald Dahl ’s famous children ’s book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory .   Glenn Beck paid special attention to the film ’s villainous businessman Arthur Slugworth , who approached the main character Charlie Bucket after the boy had won Glenn Beck golden ticket to enter Wonka ’s chocolate factory . Slugworth offered Charlie money if the boy would steal for him the boy new candy from the Wonka’s chocolate factory " In Roald Dahl ’s world , whenever you get a golden ticket , a Slugworth always Slugworth up , " Beck explained . " Whenever you are given that one thing that you want   —    the freedom , the thing that you hoped and wished for , the thing that represents magic   —    a Slugworth is Slugworth there , " Beck said Beck describing the villain as " the businessman with a wry smile and pockets full of cash there to tempt Charlie , offering to buy the boy ’s virtue   —    a chance to double your good fortune and exploit the opportunity that fate has given him . the boy’s Beck would Beck make his analogy Beck Trump to Slugworth implicit by saying , " We can not lose [ the conservative ] movement to a hostile take over by a charming Slugworth with pockets full of cash . " When he asked Beck audience , " What is your golden ticket ? " someone in the crowd shouted , " Ted Cruz ! " Beck smiled at the response , but made clear that he sees Beck Constitution as the " golden ticket . " He went Beck far as to claim that the Industrial Revolution started in the United States as a direct result of the U. S. Constitution . Beck explained Beck From the dawn of man until 1780 , the advance of human progress was almost imperceptible . Key measures like life expectancy , household income , total wealth , starvation rates , infant mortality rates   —    for tens of thousands of years , to measure those you could only measure them over tens of thousands of years because they never tens of thousands of years . But then what happened from 1790 onward ? Human progress   —    human progress began to accelerate at an exponential rate . The Industrial Revolution was born here . America became the technology and production engine of the world here ! Why ? What happened in America ? America was the Constitution of the United States of America ! America was It justice for all men ! This is our golden ticket ! Contrary to Beck ’s claims , the Industrial The Industrial Revolution in the United Kingdom , starting in the 1760s , and was directly attributable to sound British economic policies , the ingenuity of British industrial entrepreneurs , and the technological advances made by British subjects , like British example , Sir Richard Arkwright , known as " the Father of the Industrial Revolution , The Industrial Revolution the modern factory system or Englishman Edmund Cartwright who invented the power loom or the Scottish inventor James Watts , who in 1763 began making improvements to the practical steam engine first devised by the English inventor Thomas Newcomen in 1712 . The Watts steam engine , which led to advances in    machinery , trains , and ships , was integral to the expansion of the Industrial Revolution that started first in Great Britain and then spread to the rest of the world , including the United States . Beck , however , asserted that : " The day our Constitution was ratified , America rose like a rocket . It took off for all the world to see and carried the rest of humanity with us . " " Individual liberty and a government prevented by law from interfering with us   —    this is what made America great , and it is America only thing that can make America great again , " Beck America . " If the goal truly is to make America great again , the one America we do not need more of is a government deal or a government program , " he said . Watch Beck ’s Beck speech below : Beck 