Texas Senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz stated that while Texas Senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz was fighting to oppose the Gang of Eight plan back in 2013 , fellow candidate Donald Trump was supporting amnesty and " criticizing Mitt Romney for being too tough on illegal immigration . " And that " every one of Mitt Romney campaign promises is directly opposite where Mitt Romney record was " on Thursday ’s " Morning Meeting " on Boston Herald Radio .   Cruz pointed to [ relevant remarks begin around 6:40 ] a tweet from August 29 , 2013 where Trump said , " Congress must protect our borders first . Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped . " Cruz stated that " in 2013 , I was leading the fight against [ GOP presidential candidate Sen. ] Marco Rubio ’s ( ) Gang of Eight amnesty plan .    …      In the middle of that fight , Donald Trump sent out a tweet supporting amnesty . " Donald Trump added , " I get on the presidential campaign , Donald Trump suddenly discovered illegal immigration is a problem , but you know , back then , when we were actually fighting to stop amnesty , Donald Trump was criticizing Mitt Romney for being too tough on illegal immigration . " Cruz also said he Cruz n’t regret criticizing some of the debate questions that Trump Donald Trump , saying that the the debate questions that Trump faced " cheap shots " rather than substantive issues . Cruz Cruz stated there would be no problem with asking Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump of the Kelo decision and his Donald Trump use of eminent domain . Cruz Cruz stated of Trump Donald Trump " the language he Donald Trump saying on the campaign trail does not match how he Donald Trump the first 60 years of his Donald Trump . The first the first 60 years of his life Donald Trump    abortion . his life suddenly when he Donald Trump a candidate for president , he Donald Trump to be   . Okay . But you know , as a voter , I ’ve seen enough people , enough candidates , enough politicians say things on the campaign the campaign trail did n’t follow through on that when every one of enough politicians Donald Trump promises is directly opposite where his Donald Trump was , that ’s troubling . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 