The trial of    deportee ,    convicted felon Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez for the murder of young San Francisco resident Kate Steinle has been delayed until after the 2016 presidential election . [ On Thursday , a judge set December 2 as the date to assign the case for trial , according to the East Bay Times . The actual start of trial might only happen in 2017 . Prosecutor Diane Garcia said Thursday that she Prosecutor Diane Garcia cases that have dragged on for four years .   young San Francisco resident Kate Steinle was walking along San Francisco ’s Pier 14 with her Prosecutor Diane Garcia on July 1 , 2015 when a shot in the back left her Prosecutor Diane Garcia . Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez was arrested shortly thereafter . He Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez a jailhouse confession to the crime in the aftermath . His Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez argue that the shot with the gun , which they His lawyers he Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez , was an accident . Steinle ’s death gained national attention and shed light on other families that have lost loved ones to the actions of foreign nationals illegally present in the United States of America . Presidential candidate Donald Trump highlighted these other families that have lost loved ones to the actions of foreign nationals illegally present in the United States of America giving them the other families that have lost loved ones to the actions of foreign nationals illegally present in the United States of America to tell their stories other families that have lost loved ones to the actions of foreign nationals illegally present in the United States of America a July 10 , 2015 press conference that followed a private meeting between Trump and Presidential candidate Donald Trump families . The firearm    used had been stolen from a federal agent with the U. S. Bureau of Land Management just days before . Lopez Sanchez has claimed that he found Lopez Sanchez gun wrapped up beneath a bench that he came Lopez Sanchez sit on one day .    knew he was Lopez Sanchez from deportation in the sanctuary city of San Francisco , according to a local ABC 7 news interview he participated Lopez Sanchez within a week of Steinle ’s death . The Steinle family filed a lawsuit in May against the city of San Francisco San Francisco former Sheriff and other agencies for allowing Lopez Sanchez to " to go free and obtain the gun that killed her . " The lawsuit centers around the city ’s sanctuary city policy , and a memo from now former Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi that went even further in blocking much communication between law enforcement and immigration officials .      weeks after the killing of Steinle , San Francisco Sheriff ’s deputies cited the memo , a memo from now former Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi that went even further in blocking much communication between law enforcement and immigration officials blamed Mirkarimi for hindering their former Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi to contact they immigration authorities about Lopez Sanchez . Lopez Sanchez had been Lopez Sanchez the federal Bureau of Prisons in Victorville , California and was scheduled for release . U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officials and the San Francisco Sheriff ’s Department received alerts of the impending release . According release ’s department letter obtained by the the San Francisco Sheriff’s Chronicle ,   the department had asked that Lopez Sanchez be the San Francisco Sheriff’s Department when he would be " ready for our pickup . Lopez Sanchez He was transferred on March the San Francisco Sheriff’s Department to the SF Lopez Sanchez ’s Department on a     bench warrant for     of marijuana . Immigration officials were not informed of the transfer to San Francisco County custody until after it occurred . San Francisco detention request the transfer to San Francisco County custody Lopez Sanchez . That request only asks to be notified of a detainee ’s impending release , not for an extended detention time . San Francisco is a sanctuary city , and coupled with Sheriff ’s department policies , such requests are specifically denied . Mirkarimi tried to blame ICE for the transfer in the days after Steinle ’s death . ICE he claimed in an interview with local public radio station KQED , " we do n’t even prosecute marijuana in San Francisco basically , " according to the Chronicle . Just one San Francisco Lopez Sanchez arrived in San Francisco , a court dismissed the charges against him . He was San Francisco custody in San Francisco on April 15 . Lopez Sanchez Sanchez Lopez Sanchez admitted to firing the shot San Francisco just      months after his Lopez Sanchez killed Steinle . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Lopez Sanchez 