Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Republican presidential hopeful was asked by show host George Stephanopoulos what might happen if George Stephanopoulos was denied the Republican presidential nomination by virtue of a contested convention .   Trump had previously suggested there might be riots if Trump .   Although he did Trump say there would be riots this time , he said Trump would be a lot of unhappy people and added he would Trump his supporters Trump to riot . Partial transcript as follows : STEPHANOPOULOS : We showed that blocking right at the top of the broadcast . But let me   —    let me move on , because this comes on the heels of you saying this week there could be riots in Cleveland if you entered the Republican Convention with more delegates than anyone else but did n’t end up with the nomination . John Kasich called that outrageous . Speaker Paul Ryan has called you out on it , as well . Did you go too far there ? And if you do n’t have the 1 , 237 delegates going into Cleveland , Cleveland should you be guaranteed the nomination the nomination : Well , I think if I ’m a few short and I have , you know , 1 , 200 or if I have 1 , 100 and somebody else is at 300 or 400 or 500 , which is very likely going to be the case , and if I ’m a little ’m short   —    and one of the reasons was we had so many candidates . I mean we started off we 17 candidates . And it came down to , you know , finally , it ’s down it three , frankly . But , you know , there are so many candidates so many candidates ’s very hard to it over that number . It ’s very unfair , it a we are   we    but because of the fact that there ’s so many candidates and so so many candidates grabbing delegates . Now , here ’s what I say , because   —    and now they ’re out . And now they ’re out . So I think they will get over that number . I think I may that number that number fairly easily . Arizona was unbelievable that number Utah , frankly , was unbelievable the day before . I think we will get over that number . There ’s tremendous spirit about make that number again . I mean that ’s the whole thing . We ’re going to make America great again   … we STEPHANOPOULOS : But if America do n’t   …      TRUMP :   —    I will say this   …      STEPHANOPOULOS :   —    there ’s nothing unfair about having   …      TRUMP :   —    George   …      STEPHANOPOULOS :   —    a    convention   …      TRUMP :   —    I think   …      STEPHANOPOULOS :   —    is there ? TRUMP : STEPHANOPOULOS:   the biggest story in all of politics are the millions of people that are coming out to vote for me , in all fairness , for the Republican Party . They STEPHANOPOULOS:   up 75 percent , 72 percent , 102 percent , the Republican Party states in the primaries . And it ’s the single biggest story worldwide in politics , is what ’s happening , the millions and millions of people that are going out to vote for me . Now I will say this , the Democrats are down STEPHANOPOULOS:   percent , whereas the Republicans are up over 70 percent . And in some cases , much more than that . So I say this . If you ’re going to disenfranchise all of those people , some of whom have never voted before and they ’re 50 years old and older , but if you ’re some of whom to disenfranchise all of those people , Independents , Democrats   —    you know , we have a lot of Democrats coming over . We have a lot of Independents coming over   …      STEPHANOPOULOS we It ’s OK for them to riot ? TRUMP :   —    and we do have some people that have   —    we do we some people that have never voted before . I we n’t know what   —    I did n’t say   —    I   —    all I can say is this , I do n’t know what ’s going to happen . But I will say this , you ’re going to have a lot of very unhappy this . And I think , frankly , for the Republicans to disenfranchise all those people , because if that happens , they ’re not voting and the Republicans lose . If they   the Republicans    if the Republicans the Republicans great people that are the Republicans up , the Republicans the Republicans to have a massive victory . It ’s not going the Republicans a Mitt Romney slaughter , because he was such a bad candidate . The Republicans are going to have a massive Mitt Romney in November . I can tell the Republicans , George . STEPHANOPOULOS : But will you tell your   —    will you tell your supporters not to riot if you lose the convention fair and square ? TRUMP : Well , I would certainly tell them that , but , you know , look , these people are   —    your supporters fervent . They are really   —    they your supporters see positive things happen for our country . your supporters I would certainly say that your supporters I do n’t want to see riots . I do n’t want to see problems . But , you know , you have   —    you have millions of people who we ’re talking about , George , millions of additional people have gone . You know , I ’ve gotten more than two million votes more than anybody else . Two million votes more than anybody else . And these are millions of   —    and that ’s why I ’m leading by so much   …      Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 