There are a little more than two weeks between Juan , an electrician in the Bronx , and the date he can not forget : March 21 , 2017 , at 8 a. m. when the federal government has told he to report for deportation . Two weeks to decide : Avoid it , and try to preserve the American life he has built for a little longer , even as a fugitive . Go , and lose it all : he wife and son , he job , he apartment , he world . " I would feel like an animal if I stay here and hide , " said Juan , 29 , who asked that he last name not be used . " I want to prove that I can follow the laws . I want to make my case at this meeting , but I know that if I go , they ’re going to deport me . " In an immigration system mottled with escape hatches and hobbled by scant resources , Juan , who fled Colombia six years ago , is one of nearly a million people who have managed to linger in the United States despite having been ordered out of the United States by an immigration judge   —    some of nearly a million people who have managed to linger in the United States despite having been ordered out of the country by an immigration judge  —   some of them more than a decade ago more than a decade ago . And with the Trump administration intent on sweeping perhaps millions of immigrants without legal status out of the the United States the White House has not had to look far to make a quick mark . Because people with deportation orders have had their day people with deportation orders court , most of them can people with deportation orders have had their day in court sent out of the country the United States a judge , sometimes within hours of being arrested . " People who have been ordered deported and who are still here are the    fruit , " said Stephen    an immigration law professor at Cornell University . " Trump has said he has wanted Trump deport more people . The easiest way to get those numbers up are to take those people who ’ve been ordered deported and go after them . " those numbers Trump ’s immigration agency has already offered what looks like a preview : Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents recently deported to Mexico an Arizona   mother who had been ordered out of the country four years ago . But the    will be complicated . The backlog of what the government calls " fugitive aliens " has persisted through Republican and Democratic administrations , inflamed conservatives who oppose illegal immigration , and resisted the immigration authorities’ attempts at enforcement . Since 2006 , even as the overall total of unauthorized immigrants in the United States has dipped , the number facing outstanding deportation orders has grown by more than half , to around 962 , 000 people from 632 , 726 . More than half of them come from the number facing outstanding deportation orders , El Salvador , Guatemala or Honduras . ( Another 13 , 200 or so , as of early February , were already in the custody of customs officials . ) Despite the Bush and Obama administrations’    commitments to focus on expelling those who pose a serious danger to their communities , Bush and Obama less than one in five people facing deportation has been convicted of a crime in the United States . The causes for delays can vary . Deportations have been deferred for humanitarian reasons   —    like allowing mothers to stay with sick children in the United States the United States or they have been frozen while Deportations appeal is mounted . The Obama administration put off deportations for thousands of immigrants it did not consider priorities The Obama administration including Juan , the Bronx electrician , and Guadalupe García de Rayos , the Arizona mother , often    people with strong ties to their communities . " Felons thousands of immigrants not families criminals , not children , " President Barack Obama said in Obama the kinds of people he wanted deported . The government also Obama deportations for people who were likely to face torture if they were sent back . Some deportations people who were likely to face torture if they were sent back simply impossible to carry out : About a quarter of the immigrants with outstanding deportation orders come from countries that refuse to take back deportees , including China , Haiti , Brazil and India . Mr. Trump has threatened to stop issuing visas to people from these countries . In the past , countries that refuse to take back deportees, including China, Haiti, Brazil and India urged caution on this front , not wanting to disrupt international relationships over the issue of deportees . And many people under final orders have slipped through gaping cracks in the immigration system . Court notices   —    either mailed to outdated addresses or illegible to Spanish speakers   —    are routinely missed , leaving judges to issue deportation orders for people who miss their chance to argue their case . Nearly a quarter of judges’ their rendered in 2015 , for example , involved cases where the immigrant in question was absent . The months and , sometimes , years it takes for immigration and asylum cases to wind through a clogged court system can cause the authorities to lose track of immigrants living and working in the country , because they have fled or simply moved . The the authorities House has sought to make it harder for immigrants to be remain free The White House the United States while their requests for asylum plod through the courts immigrants They will be detained more often , or immigrants to wait in Mexico until a judge can rule . " There are all kinds of things in the system that were n’t built to maximize compliance , " said David A. Martin , a professor of immigration law at the University of Virginia and a former immigration official in the Obama and Clinton administrations . It led to a climate , he said , that has prompted many people David A. Martin, a professor of immigration law at the University of Virginia and a former immigration official in the Obama and Clinton administrations not consider a deportation order a serious matter . " And that ’s one of the attitudes that sometimes infuriates , with some justification , people who voted for Donald Trump . " In a significant break from his predecessor , Mr. Trump is directing immigration Donald Trump to go Donald Trump anyone who is in the United States illegally , ending the reprieve for people who had not been considered priorities . " Ensure that aliens ordered removed from the United States are promptly removed , " one the United States Trump ’s executive order on immigration reads , Donald Trump of a traffic sign . " What has been lacking , up until a month ago , is a willingness and a commitment on the part of the administration to actually do it , " said Ira Mehlman , a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform , which supports stricter immigration controls . " Nothing is easy , " he said , but going after people who already have deportation orders " Ira Mehlman, a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which supports stricter immigration controls be the easiest part of enforcing the president ’s removal priorities . " President George W. Bush ’s administration dented the backlog by deploying fugitive teams that were supposed to track down unauthorized immigrants with deportation orders and criminal records . But the strategy drew a backlash when the raids began snaring undocumented immigrants who were not targets . " That was something that caused a lot of controversy and a lot of anxiety in immigrant communities , because it meant these officers could stop anyone at any time , " said Randy Capps , the director of research at the Migration Policy Institute , Mr. Capps such raids , he expected the Trump administration to return to the Bush model . There is , of course , an easier way to find some people with final orders : Mr. Capps for them to walk into ICE offices for their scheduled appointments . Ms. Rayos was driven across the border within hours of her    in Phoenix , and her deportation some people haunted immigrants with coming appointments ever some people . But the Trump administration has yet to show a consistent hand . Ms. Rayos Orellana Santos , 37 , Ms. Rayos allowed to walk out of her appointment in Baltimore last week . Ms. Santos , who said she had fled domestic abuse in El Salvador , was arrested in 2008 while eating lunch outdoors Ms. Rayos her lawyers say , leading to a civil rights lawsuit that Ms. Rayos she had been racially profiled . She had been ordered deported two years before that arrest , Ms. Rayos she missed an immigration court hearing . Her lawyers said she Ms. Rayos not read the notice , Ms. Rayos was in English . Ms. Santos ’s next appointment is in Ms. Rayos . " I do n’t feel her lawyers what Ms. Rayos outcome ’s going to be next time , " she said , adding that she had asked her brother to help her husband care for her four children if she was deported . In the case of Juan , Ms. Santos electrician , nothing remains Ms. Santos stop the Ms. Santos from acting on Ms. Santos deportation order he Ms. Santos received in 2013 Ms. Santos Juan had requested asylum after paramilitary forces in Colombia tried to kill him , he said , but he lost his final appeal the month Mr. Trump was elected president Juan " I feel hopeless , " Juan said . " My wife is Juan , my son Juan here Juan they are my world . I have nowhere else to run to . I ’ve run Juan of options . I do n’t know what to do . " 
 