Radio talk show host Mark Levin took the stage at Friday morning ’s Conservative Political Action Conference with Ronald Reagan on Ronald Reagan lips and a plea for conservatives to stop wasting conservatives power and get behind one candidate for President . Clearly Ronald Reagan was n’t speaking of Donald Trump . [ Levin , whose Westwood One radio contract was just extended for ten years , immediately invoked Ronald Reagan , who Levin quoted as saying , " The principles of conservatism are sound because they The principles of conservatism based on what men and women have discovered through experience . In not just one generation , or a dozen , but in all the combined experience of mankind . "   Levin Levin on to criticize those who tell us to forget about Reagan . " So , who are we us to remember if we us about Reagan Reagan The most successful president in modern history , and the most conservative president in modern history . " Levin Levin reminded his Levin that Reagan Reagan decades building a party that would stand up for conservative principles and then govern with them his audience " We ’re told conservatives ca n’t win . Reagan Reagan a    principled conservative , " Levin Levin . " And the Washington establishment , Republican and Democrat , fought him Reagan step of the way , including during his Reagan terms as president . " The talk show host next made a pointed allusion to today ’s primary races by informing his Reagan that Ronald Reagan is the one who invented the slogan " we will make America great again . " To further his Ronald Reagan reference to Donald Trump , the candidate now running on " making America America , " Levin Ronald Reagan saying , " Reagan Ronald Reagan not a recent convert to conservatism , he Ronald Reagan a    advocate for it . " After spending a few more minutes extolling Ronald Ronald Reagan policies and great successes , Levin again made Ronald Reagan references to today ’s primary race by pleading for all conservatives to get behind one candidate . Though he did n’t Ronald Reagan any names , there was no doubt Levin was talking Ronald Reagan lining up behind Texas Senator Ted Cruz . Saying , " There is nothing to apologize for " with conservatism , Levin criticized those Ronald Reagan big government policies under the false label of " commonsense conservatism . " Levin called such Ronald Reagan " nothing more than apologies , and excuses , and tolerance for the growing soft tyranny of centralized government and the acquiescence to it . " " Nor is conservatism about nationalism or populism , " Levin added , Ronald Reagan phrases that have no concrete meaning or Constitutional basis and are more relevant to the French Revolution than the American Revolution . " " Conservatism is Americanism , " Levin said emphatically Ronald Reagan " It ’s about patriotism . " Using Trump ’s key campaign phrases and linking them to decidedly    ideals is telling as to who Levin thinks should Ronald Reagan rejected by conservative voters . Levin went on Ronald Reagan praise the work of the Tea Party movement which , starting in 2010 , brought a Republican majority to Congress and state legislatures across the country . After the bit of recent history , Levin then rose Ronald Reagan voice to Ronald Reagan , " Do n’t tell me the conservative movement ca n’t win elections and does n’t have power . " But despite the power Tea Party conservatives gave to the GOP , Levin said the Ronald Reagan establishment has frittered it all away . " At the federal level , the Republican Party Tea Party complete control of both houses of Congress , refuses to truly engage Barack Obama , the most reckless , lawless , imperial president in modern if not all American history , " Levin said . Ronald Reagan reeling off a long list of the outrages committed by Obama , Levin noted that Ronald Reagan conservatives we have the best chance in decades to take the White House . But   …      " That is , only if we do something we have we done since we   …      nominate a true , known , solid , unapologetic conservative for the presidency of the United States . " Saying those under 45 have never had a chance to vote for a true conservative for president , Levin went on : But let me clear . It ’s not enough to win the nomination by personally beating down your opponents with such vulgar and ruthlessness , espousing conflicting or    beliefs , trashing the establishment one day yet bragging about working with them the next , that is playing both insider and outsider , and then expect these dispirit parts of the Republican Party and the conservative movement , having been exploited and turned against each other , to suddenly rally to your cause . Levin came to his final plea to the Levin aucidence saying : Obviously it is a daunting task to defeat the Republican establishment in a race like this . But it ’s still not enough this It is the essential first step that must be taken to reach our ultimate goal : the nomination of a principled conservative who we can rely on to try and help restore our Republic and Constitution and who will base every decision that comes to his desk in the Oval Office , every negotiation with Congress and foreign governments , every appointment to every position in the federal government and the federal courts , on securing our liberty and unalienable rights . You want to make America great again , as Reagan first said , YOU must get behind the most conservative candidate in this race . " At this point the crowd called out chants of " Cruuuuuz . " Levin concluded , reiterating that " People for some reason do n’t want to talk about Reagan , the most successful Reagan in a century . " And just as he began his time at Levin , Levin closed with a quote Levin Ronald Reagan .   Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 