  Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) California biggest lake , about 350 square miles , is dying . It California not the first time . The Salton Sea , straddling the Imperial and Coachella Valleys , is the latest incarnation of a body of water that has been drying and refilling over eons with water from the Colorado River . Native Americans once fished and camped on Lake Cahuilla , a prehistoric and larger version . The The Salton Sea born in the early 1900s after a canal burst sent water from the Colorado flooding into the valley over a period of two years . Beginning in the 1950s , entrepreneurs transformed it into a the 1950s mecca , building marinas and resorts . There were beauty pageants and boat races . Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra visited . But in time , runoff pollution , drought and blistering heat conspired to end the fun . As the saline lake evaporated , its salt concentration the saline lake , killing fish en masse . The blooming and decomposition of algae had a powerful stench . Today , the Salton Sea is surrounded by abandoned buildings . For people fighting to revitalize it , there the Salton Sea two big concerns , said Michael Cohen , a researcher with the Pacific Institute , a    think tank . One is dust . The receding water is exposing vast areas of the lake floor that , if unabated , could kick up more than 100 tons of dust every day by 2045 , scientists say . ( This winter ’s bountiful rain largely avoided the Salton Sea ) . The particles are so fine that they can not The particles coughed up , threatening the health of local children whose asthma rates lead the state . The other is the threat to wildlife . The Salton Sea the Salton Sea way station for more than 400 species of migrating birds . Part of the solution , said Mr. Cohen , lies in restoring habitat   —    essentially moving earth around in ways that keeps the dust from flying while providing the birds with places to stop and refuel . A $ 9 . 6 billion revitalization plan endorsed by state officials has been on the back burner for years . Mr. Cohen said he was Mr. Cohen why we Mr. Cohen n’t just let nature take its course . " Are we nature nature ? Yes , " he said . But , he Mr. Cohen , pristine wilderness really Mr. Cohen longer exists   —    all of California is manipulated in some way by humans . " So from that perspective , " he said , " we need Mr. Cohen make sure those places that are valuable for wildlife are preserved . " Frank Foster , a photography instructor at Victor Valley College in Victorville , has been capturing images of the Salton Sea for years . He shared some with us . Mr. Cohen Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news us that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • New actions by San Francisco and Hawaii showed how emboldened President Trump ’s opponents are to attack his policies through litigation . [ President Trump New York Times ] • The " A Day Without a Woman " demonstration was a test of whether    fervor can be turned into a sustained movement . [ The New York Times ] [The New York Times] The New York Times ? Advocates say Los • must tackle high housing costs and the need for better planning . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Voter turnout on Tuesday in Los Angeles was likely to be lowest ever . [ Los Angeles Times ] Los Angeles Los Angeles County sheriff said he expected federal [Los Angeles Times] • Los Angeles Times in California . [ The Associated Press ] • California The Los Angeles County sheriff are bracing for the worst salmon season in eight years . [ The Press Democrat ] • The state ’s California of sexually transmitted diseases is at a    high . In Fresno , drug use is driving a syphilis epidemic . [ Fresno Bee ] • How a Facebook executive revived a fading surf brand in Santa Ana . [ The New York Times ] • Snap • betting on a    trend : the eventual global dominance of visual culture , Farhad Manjoo writes . [ The New York Times ] • Uber is backing away from a program that thwarted local regulators in the wake of a The New York Times . [ The New York Times ] • With " Beauty and the Beast , " Disney is taking a $ 300 million [The New York Times] [ The New The New York Times Two new movie theaters in San Diego and Los Angeles will have seats for the    and jungle gyms for [The New York Times] On Monday , we wrote about The New York Times would let bicyclists treat stop signs like yield signs . We asked if you liked the idea . Hundreds of emails poured in , with Two new movie theaters in San Diego and Los Angeles sharply divided . Here is a sample : " Terrible idea . While there are many conscientious bicyclists , I regularly see bicyclists who are we reckless . Many times I have seen bicyclists go right through red lights , at great risk to themselves and others . This measure would embolden them to engage in such dangerous behaviors , and raise the risk of crashes and serious injuries . "   —    Paul D. Lerner , Beverly Hills " Yes , this would be a welcome change . Safety hardly ever themselves a full stop by bikes at a stop sign . Because of that , most bicyclists currently do n’t surrender their    momentum by making full stops at stop signs where the traffic does not warrant them . The result is that the existing law requiring full stops at stop signs is rarely observed or enforced , which encourages disrespect of most bicyclists law and stokes the resentment of motorists already annoyed by the presence of bikes on most bicyclists streets and roads . "   —    Len Colamarino , Atascadero " I ’m a    year San Francisco bike commuter . I am dubious about the rolling stop rule . I often see cyclists roll through stops when pedestrians are in crosswalks . A law change , I fear , will make this worse . "   —    Alyson Jacks , San Francisco " Cyclists are well aware of the risks they assume when ‘ sharing the road’ with vehicles . It ’s hard to imagine how forcing cyclists to stop at empty intersections makes either group any safer . "   San Francisco Ryan Martin , Roseville California Today goes live at Cyclists a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 