With all the attention paid to President Trump ’s    secretary of education , Betsy DeVos , and Betsy DeVos advocacy for private school vouchers , little public notice has been paid to the action on education in Congress   —    where lawmakers have broader power than Betsy DeVos to make changes to the nation ’s school system . Now , Congress Congress done exactly that , voting to repeal crucial regulations associated with the Every Student Succeeds Act , one of President Barack Obama ’s final legislative achievements . When Mr. President Barack Obama the act in December 2015 , many Democrats and Republicans alike celebrated the supposed end of what they saw many Democrats and Republicans alike an era of federal overreach into local schools . The measure , known as ESSA , took a more collaborative approach than its predecessor The measure, known as ESSA No Child Left Behind . Many critics viewed No Child , passed under President George W. Bush , as well as Mr. Obama ’s    education policies , as punitive . The policies education policies test scores to be used to remove underperforming teachers and to shut down struggling schools . They were also underperforming teachers because they led to underperforming teachers explosion in the number of tests students took each year . Under the Every Student Succeeds Act , children still have to take standardized tests in math , reading and science , and schools still need to report on the progress of    groups , like disabled students , nonwhite students and those learning English . But fewer consequences are now tied to low test scores and more emphasis is placed on holding schools accountable for providing access to advanced classes and for reducing student suspension rates . In addition , states are now able to come up with their own plans states how to intervene in failing schools . Mr. Obama called the bill a bipartisan " Christmas miracle . " The National Council of La Raza , a    organization , gave ESSA ’s two Senate    Patty Murray of Washington , a Democrat , and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , a Republican , an award for their work on The National Council of La Raza, a   organization of students learning English . The two appeared together to accept the honor , each praising the other ’s collaboration . It took less than a year for that bipartisan consensus to fall apart . It is customary It federal agencies to issue detailed regulations on how new laws should be put into effect , and Mr. Obama ’s Department of Education did so in November . But some lawmakers from both parties saw the regulations as detailed regulations on how new laws should be put into effect and    and said they could subvert ESSA some lawmakers from both parties intent of    local control over    and decreasing the emphasis on testing . Last month , the House of Representatives overturned a broad swath of the rules using the Congressional Review Act , which allows lawmakers to spike federal regulations . The Senate passed a similar resolution on Thursday , and President Trump has indicated that he will sign it President Trump That would leave ESSA on the books , but Ms. DeVos would have more flexibility in how to apply it . The Obama he will sign it pushed states to weight student achievement measures , such as test scores and graduation rates , more heavily than other factors in labeling schools as underperforming . The regulations also required The Obama regulations provide parents and the public with a more detailed annual report card on schoolwide student achievement data and other indicators of success . Among the most contentious of the Obama rules was one Obama strengthened a provision in the law requiring schools to test at least 95 percent of their students . There were schools good reasons for such a policy . To avoid the sanctions that come with low scores , schools have sometimes pressured or forced    students to stay home on testing days . But conservatives said the 95 percent rule was excessive federal intervention , while some on the left said it prevented parents and students the 95 percent rule " opting out " of standardized tests   —    a popular protest tactic . " The regulations were an overreach , " said Robert Schaeffer , the public education director of FairTest , a group that fights standardized testing . But , he said , " the Robert Schaeffer, the public education director of FairTest, a group that fights standardized testing repeal is also an overreach , " because it targets civil rights regulations the total repeal well as testing rules . Nine percent of American public school students are not native English speakers , and the regulations required states and schools to track the achievement of this group in more nuanced ways . Instead of looking at all    learners together , states were asked to break out the performance of the    groups , like recent immigrants or those who arrive in the United States behind grade level in their native language . Schools the   groups such students struggle would have been subject to state intervention . The National Council of La Raza was part of a coalition of civil rights and business groups that supported the Obama regulations . Separating out different groups of English language learners " is a plus for states , " said Lorén Trull , a senior policy adviser for La Raza . " You La Raza want it to look like you ’re serving all English    poorly when some you are serving very well . " Beginning in the 1980s , moderate Democrats and moderate Republicans tended to agree that the federal government ought to hold local schools to tough standards , and monitor them closely to make sure they local schools shrinking achievement gaps between local schools groups of Mr. Alexander that center no longer holds . On the Senate floor Wednesday , Mr. Alexander said a regulatory repeal would " restore to states , to classroom teachers and to school boards decisions about what to do about the children . " Democrats who favored the Obama rules sought to portray the repeal effort as an attempt to disrupt the normal regulatory process The ESSA repeal effort Trump administration more power . " I think we all know what ’s going on here , " said Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts . " Betsy DeVos is the new secretary of education . Congressional Republicans have decided that they want to hand over the keys to her with no restrictions whatsoever . Congressional Republicans Ms. DeVos has said little about ESSA Betsy DeVos But with the repeal , her Betsy DeVos now issue new guidance to states , most likely weakening the accountability Betsy DeVos that were a priority for the previous administration . The repeal throws a curveball at state policy makers , whose ESSA implementation plans are the repeal the Department of Education in mere weeks . " ESSA states are planning and doing stuff , " said Chris Minnich , executive director of the Council of Chief State School Officers , a bipartisan Mr. Minnich already done the work needed to comply with the Obama administration ’s rules . They are unlikely to start the process over this Mr. Minnich . " This is Mr. Minnich   . C. fight , " Mr. Minnich said . " But this law will be successful or not depending on how Many states move forward . " 
 