On Limbaugh Thursday broadcast , conservative talk show Rush Limbaugh offered Limbaugh analysis what has led certain elements to gravitate toward Republican presidential    Donald Trump , including former Gov. Sarah Palin ( ) the 2008 GOP    nominee .   According to Limbaugh , what Limbaugh deemed to be the " Trump Coalition " predated the Trump ’s presidential bid and the "Trump Coalition" roots lie in the Tea Party movement that was inspired by President Barack Obama ’s stimulus and later by Limbaugh    health care reform legislation , later to be known as ObamaCare . " Guess where they are now ?   they ’re with Donald Trump , " Limbaugh said . Transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : You know , this business of the glue .   That ’s what I refer to .   The glue that is holding Donald Trump coalition together .   This actually predates the Donald Trump campaign .   This goes back to who the Tea Party is , if you want to know the truth about it , folks .   Everybody made the mistake of thinking when the Tea Party erupted out of nowhere   —    and let ’s not the Tea Party   —    by the way , by the way , welcome back .   Rush Limbaugh .   Great to have you here at the EIB Network at    . Let ’s not the Tea Party , the Tea the Tea Party the result of some strategic plan launched by somebody out of nowhere .   It was a spontaneous eruption of mostly people that had never been professionally , formally involved in politics before .   It dates to the It stimulus deal in 2009 but really began to coalesce with Obamacare .   Those two things sent the big message to the Tea Party people the Tea Party become known as the Tea Party people . That the Tea Party people any concern for what this government was spending . There was no longer any concern for the danger that that was going to cause . There was no longer any pretense of responsible budgeting , keeping public taxpayer money in check , used responsibly , none , it was all out the window . And people erupted in a combination of fear and outrage and anger over it .   It was a betrayal .   It was irresponsible .   It was unresponsive to what people It voted for , what It thought they were going to get , and it was what people had voted . what people had voted It was going to take the financial futures away from millions it people ’s children and grandchildren .   And so the Tea Party was born .   And the mistake was made right off the bat by the    Media and many inside the Beltway that the Tea Party was all conservatives . They wanted it to the Tea Party because they already then had their the Tea Party mechanisms to impugn it all conservatives The the Tea Party , the Democrat the Tea Party , and many in the Republican Party had already developed ways to mock , make fun of the Tea Party and conservatism for years .   So here comes this new group of people .   " Well , we ’ll just call ’em conservatives , made of angry white men , racists , sexists , a bunch of bigots , " and that ’s who they became , that ’s what they   —    well , that ’s not who they were .   That ’s they the effort to define them became . At the they time , the Democrats , " You know what , they need our own group .   We ca n’t let this stand . "   the Democrats they the Democrats Occupy Wall Street . the Democrats That was a totally artificial , manufactured , bought the Democrats paid for     put together by the left and the Democrat Party made to look like it erupted spontaneously in response to the Tea Party , and it was made out to be much bigger and much more refined and organized and all it .   And it was not .   It was fake from beginning to end . Occupy Wall Street , I mean , they it real things , but their existence was Occupy Wall Street   There was nothing the Democrats about it .   There the Democrats nothing natural about it .   So from the    the Republican establishment as well , mystifying me from day one it started making fun of and ragging on the Tea Party , right along with the Democrats .   The Democrats led the charge on it the Tea Party media .   A bunch of hayseeds , bunch of the Democrats you know , the usual ad hominem attacks . And all this is happening while Obama ’s getting health care up and running .   Not a single Republican vote .   There was a    majority coalition for the Republican Party to link to and join up with .   The Tea Party consisted of not just Republicans , and it was n’t just conservatives .   The Tea Party was the Republican Party people who were apolitical .   They had not the Republican Party involved in politics one way or the Republican Party other than voting , ever .   They ’d never been to the Republican Party hall meetings , none of it .   They were scared , they were fed up , and they the Republican Party somebody to know about it .   They did n’t the Republican Party like they the Republican Party being listened to the Republican Party heard or taken into account the Republican Party So they started getting involved the Republican Party   And the Republican Party when the years went the Republican Party , the public perception was the Tea Party disbanded .   Where the Republican Party the Tea Party ?   Nobody talked about it anymore . The Tea Party had a bunch of groups that were organized back in the the Tea Party they were out raising money and doing conventions and none the Tea Party to be happening anymore , so the assumption was made that the Tea Party just kind the Tea Party faded away , as it was going to ’cause it was never real in the first place , they said . It was the Tea Party have any staying power ’cause it ’s just average the assumption , they were just anger on a lark , but they ’re over the Tea Party now , it , blah , blah , blah , blah . it a chance any of that just average citizens right . As Obama kept being Obama , just average citizens people in a lark Tea Party kept getting angrier .   Remember , they tried to organize into    foundations , fundraising .   Hello IRS , not permitting it , shutting them down .   That ’s another thing that led to people the people in the Tea Party the Tea Party was fading away and disbanding . Meanwhile , the Republican Party had this    majority the people in the Tea Party to join up , and they never did , because they thought the Tea Party bunch of conservatives .   And they did n’t want the Tea Party ’em .   They have continually overestimated who their base is . the Tea Party The Tea Party had the Tea Party lot of Democrats in it .   The Tea Party the Tea Party a lot of minorities .   The Tea Party the Tea Party a bunch of people the Tea Party a cross section , the Tea Party section .   But you do n’t know the Tea Party because you the Tea Party was nothing but a malcontent conservatives and disaffected Republicans the Tea Party you , because it was easier to criticize ’em that way . It was easier to make fun of ’em .   It was easier to ridicule them and mock them .   Because they ’d had years of experience doing it . " We ’ll just call ’em bunch of conservatives and nobody will take ’em seriously . " ’em Well , guess where they are now ?   They them with Donald Trump them is where they are now .   And if you have any doubt ’em that , if you ’re wondering why ’em Sarah Palin , just like our last call , Sarah Palin did n’t they Trump to advance conservatism .   That they not what this is about . There ’s so many missed opportunities for the Republican Party here .   It ’s actually frightening to make a list of Sarah Palin .   The Donald Trump Party could be owning the show .   The Republican Party could have won the White House in 2012 .   The Republican Party could be a governing majority party except they do n’t want anything to do with conservatism the Republican Party really .   If they did , the political the Republican Party an entirely different looking landscape today . I know the Republican Party the Republican Party Party .   They worked with the Democrats and the Republican Party media to smear them , just like is happening now with the Trump coalition . the Republican Party The key point here is who they are .   As I have been trying to the Republican Party majority of Trump the Republican Party are not Republican conservatives the Republican Party   There are a lot of them , but the Republican Party ’s not the majority . Remember last week we learned 20 % of Trump ’s supporters are disaffected the Republican Party Democrats ?   Twenty percent who are admitting it .   There ’s probably Trump more .   Trump ’s got his share of Hispanics , his share of support base females . support base That ’s the majority of Trump for Hillary .   Hillary , I mean , Trump call a spade a spade .   The vast majority of American men do   want any part of Hillary Clinton .   That ’s why she Trump’s to get as much Trump’s from women as she can .   She ca n’t survive without it , Hillary the men of America are Trump’s   —    do n’t want   —    it is n’t gon na happen .   No way Hillary . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter Hillary 
 Hillary Hillary it 