The wheels are coming off the Hillary Clinton campaign . The White House is taking shots at Hillary Clinton , the F. B. I. has expanded The White House investigation into Hillary Clinton use of a private email server , Hillary Clinton lost the endorsement of MoveOn . org , and now a    socialist is up 14 points against the Bungler of Benghazi in New Hampshire .   In this same poll two months ago , Sanders was ahead by just + 3 points , 48 % to 45 % . Sanders is also surging in Iowa . What was a    deficit just two weeks ago , is now within the margin of error .   The latest poll out of Iowa , released today , has Sanders up + 5 % 49 %   —    44 % . Last month , in this same poll , Hillary was up + 11 . Should Sanders win both New Hampshire and Iowa , Hillary is going to live through Hillary worst nightmare for a second time . Has Sanders sent Donald Trump a thank you note ? Sanders Sanders done nothing different since he Sanders himself Sanders the first Democrat debate where he Sanders inoculated Hillary Hillary her Hillary email scandal . The only dynamic that has changed in the Democrat primary since then , is the beating Hillary Hillary taken after she Hillary Trump of sexism . The Republican frontrunner immediately returned fire by blowing the lid off the DC Media ’s 20 year    of around a dozen women who accuse both Bill and Hillary Hillary victimizing them both Bill and Hillary In the case of Monica Lewinski , Paula Jones , and Gennifer Flowers , no one questions Bill Bill predatory    dishonest behavior , and we all were witness to Hillary Hillary role in attempting to silence and destroy these women . This is why this New Hampshire poll is also very bad news for a DC Media dedicated to electing Hillary Clinton president . Their    plans are crumbling right along with hers . During her hers before Trey Gowdy ’s Benghazi    late last year , after Hillary was caught    lying about Benghazi Benghazi the DC Media a narrative that declared her the winner Hillary Because of their own role in helping Obama    the truth about Benghazi during the Benghazi election , the DC Media DC Media call the Benghazi issue closed . Protecting Benghazi is naturally going to Hillary a big part of that . The Great Disruptor Donald Trump has not only battered the GOP Establishment Temple . Using the truth and nothing but against Bill and Hillary , he is effectively Hillary along The Great Disruptor Donald Trump New Media ) doing his DC Media shred the    The Great Disruptor Donald Trump effort to usher Hillary DC Media White House . Hillary Hillary this New Hampshire poll another example of how awful a candidate Hillary Clinton is , it is also another piece of evidence on this New Hampshire poll another example of how awful a candidate Hillary Clinton is pile that proves the DC Media is losing its    power to influence the political discussion the DC Media the debate and bottlenecking inconvenient truths . In the nineties , the same DC Media that attempted to destroy Clarence Thomas over one unfounded allegation of harassment from one woman , effectively protected Bill and Hillary from a dozen or so allegations ranging from rape to groping to harassment to character assassination . Those days are now over , and at least for now , an ancient socialist is looking like he could become the    of the Democrat Party .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC               
 