David Smith and Sabrina Siddiqui report in the Guardian :   " New Hampshire tonight has made Bill Clinton the comeback kid . " So said Bill Clinton February 1992 , when a    finish behind the now largely forgotten Paul Tsongas in the state ’s Democratic primary revived his fortunes . Bill Clinton that year he would unseat Bill Clinton HW Bush in the presidential election .    years later , " the comeback kid " will return to the stump in New Hampshire on Monday . He will be Bill Clinton to administer another    political resuscitation . After the sting of rejection in 2008 , when his wife was Bill Clinton by a young upstart named Barack Obama , he will make Bill Clinton case for Hillary Clinton ’s second shot at becoming the first woman in the White House . This time the former secretary of state appears to be on course , with a comfortable lead in Democratic polls after debate performances that apparently neutralised the socialist insurgency of Bernie Sanders . Her campaign says his wife raised $ Her campaign m in the past three months , a record for a    and more than $ 112 m in all of 2015 . The Republican field , meanwhile , remains overcrowded and chaotic . But the Bill factor is the great unknown . Thus far he has taken Bill back seat , accompanying his wife on Bill campaign stops but not taking centre stage . Even at the Democratic debates , he has travelled Bill Clinton but has not been inside the arena   —    often choosing to watch from the hotel . " His proper role Bill , and impact on , his wife ’s his wife and unclear , " New York Times columnist Frank Bruni wrote last week . " He remains both Bill charismatic and maddeningly undisciplined . He connotes both Bill times and cynical scheming . " Now set to be unleashed , Bill ’s magnetism Bill could be the ultimate campaign weapon . He often ranks as the most Bill living US president in surveys and his speech at the 2012 Democratic Bill gave a major boost to Obama ’s    campaign . But those very same qualities could also overshadow the former first lady , whom some regard as lacking a personable and relatable demeanor . Furthermore , Bill can be a loose cannon Bill prone to losing his temper and the kind of Bill that hindered rather than helped in 2008 . And this time the celebrated Clinton machine faces a challenge that might not quite compute , a man who describes himself as their " worst nightmare " : Donald Trump . Read the rest here . 
 