Mainstream media outlets CNN and FNC cut away from audio coverage of decorated veterans speaking at a Donald Trump event on Friday morning with some commentary centering around the birther issue that opponent Hillary Clinton ’s dredged up earlier that morning . [ Clinton , who ’s health troubles have been the subject of national news , brought up the debate from 2008 over whether now President Barack Obama was actually born in the United States . opponent Hillary Clinton commented on the birther issue that opponent Hillary Clinton’s dredged up earlier that morning Thursday night at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala and again at a Friday morning event . The events were Clinton opponent Hillary Clinton appearances since her collapse opponent Hillary Clinton she prematurely opponent Hillary Clinton a    memorial event in New York City on Sunday .   Media outlets including CNN began speculating on whether Trump would comment on the birther issue at his Friday Trump veterans event . As Trump ’s Trump , 17 Medal of Honor recipients began praising Trump one after Trump   Retired U. S. Navy SEAL Mike Thornton , a decorated Medal of Honor recipient , said , " This election means so much . We do not need Retired U. S. Navy SEAL Mike Thornton, a decorated Medal of Honor recipient bureaucratic leadership from Washington , D. C. We need true leadership Retired U. S. Navy SEAL Mike Thornton, a decorated Medal of Honor recipient the top . Mr. Trump has never Trump anything because he listens to his advisers Trump he listens Trump his people Trump For the Trump eight years our President has n’t listened to anybody . And that ’s the reason we ’ve lost CIA Directors our we ’ve lost Secretary of our and many many general officers have dropped out and resigned because of his leadership . We can our President stand for our more years of leadership like that . We need somebody who ’s our na lead from the front like Donald Trump . " Lt . Gen. Tom McInerney , USAF ( ret ) then took the stage , saying " It ’s very simple . We , our warriors here , are We Mr. Trump because he has Donald Trump budget , Donald Trump only economic plan , that can rebuild the military . If you elect Hillary Clinton , you ’re gon na get 1 percent growth , you ’re going to get 3 . 5 to 6 percent growth with this ( Trump ’s ) administration because he knows how to take the Donald Trump of America ’s economy . " Around this time , Fox News Channel cut away from the audio to speak , in part , about the birther issue , as noted by Cathleen Decker of the Los Angeles Times : CNN and Fox have peeled away from veterans touting Trump MSNBC still on them . 24 minutes in , CNN and Fox mention of birther issue by anyone .   —    Cathleen Decker ( @cathleendecker ) September 16 , 2016 ,   For about 15 minutes now , cable nets airing uninterrupted praise of Trump by veterans .   —    Cathleen Decker ( @cathleendecker ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Breitbart California Editor Joel Pollak noted CNN ’s coverage : " I do n’t know what to say here    …      We got played , again , by the @realDonaldTrump campaign . "   —    @JohnKingCNN # Birther ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Trump closed his Friday veterans event Trump that Trump Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the Hillary Clinton controversy . I finished it . " Politico reported in the birther controversy 2011 that the " birther " issue began with the Democratic politics of the 2008 election as Clinton was losing to then Sen. Hillary Clinton . Trump continued his closing comments at the Friday Trump , stating that Obama was born in the U. Sen. Obama and went on to say , " now we all want to get back to making American strong and great again . " This is n’t the first time CNN and FNC have peeled away from live coverage to redirect their narratives . During speeches at CNN and FNC Republican National Convention from parents who have lost children at the hands of illegal aliens , Fox News and CNN cut away from their speeches CNN CNN also failed Fox News and CNN the CNN of Pat Smith live . Smith is the mother of Sean Smith Pat Smith died in the terror Pat Smith Benghazi , Libya . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 