   Donald Trump reportedly paused to call the family of assassinated San Antonio Police Detective Benjamin Marconi on Monday . [ Dane Gregory Marconi posted a message on   Donald Trump Facebook page saying   Donald Trump had received a phone call of condolence from    Trump , according to News4SanAntonio . The San Antonio NBC affiliate reported the post was shared by a woman on Facebook who identified herself as a San Antonio Police Crime Scene Investigator , Annie Patterson Campos , shared the message on herself page . the post has since been removed , The San Antonio NBC affiliate stated .   " Just got off the phone with the future president Trump , he sends his the future president Trump to the future president Trump family , " Marconi ’s son reportedly posted . The post reportedly the post shares and hundreds of likes before being taken down . Steve Weiss , director of research for the Officer Down Memorial Page , tweeted a link to a San Antonio    article and said , "   @realDonaldTrump calls son of murdered @SATXPolice Detective Benjamin Marconi to offer condolences . "    @realDonaldTrump calls son of @realDonaldTrump @SATXPolice Detective Benjamin Marconi @SATXPolice Detective Benjamin Marconi Detective Benjamin Marconi   .    —    Steve Weiss ( @steveODMP ) November 22 , 2016 ,   The San Antonio newspaper confirmed that Dane Marconi is the son of the Detective Benjamin Marconi Marconi . Breitbart Texas reached Detective Benjamin Marconi to Detective Benjamin Marconi any other elected official had reached out Detective Benjamin Marconi condolences . No response was immediately available . Detective Marconi ’s Twitter account reveals the father and grandfather was an openly Detective Benjamin Marconi Detective Benjamin Marconi actively supported the    during his campaign . In August 2016 , the detective tweeted out one of Trump the father and grandfather campaign ad videos and said , " Donald J. Trump for President , Inc. " Donald J. Trump for President , Inc. https :   .    —    Benjamin Marconi ( @BenjamminOU812 ) August 22 , 2016 ,   Marconi ’s tweets also showed support for other officers killed in the line of —   Benjamin Marconi including the five    officers killed in a sniper attack by former member of the New Black Panther Party and BlackLivesMatter supporter , Micah Xavier Johnson . Following the attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando earlier this year , Marconi posed with another man and tweeted a message of standing in support of Orlando —   Benjamin Marconi Marconi was killed on Sunday , Breitbart Texas reported , when Otis Tyrone Orlando allegedly —   Benjamin Marconi up to his patrol car while he was writing a ticket and shot him in the head Otis Tyrone McKane McKane then allegedly Otis Tyrone McKane a second shot striking the dying Otis Tyrone McKane again . McKane was Otis Tyrone McKane Monday night after a    manhunt , but took time out from Otis Tyrone McKane fugitive flight to get married in a Bexar County courtroom . Bob Price serves Otis Tyrone McKane associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter Otis Tyrone McKane . 
 Otis Tyrone McKane Texas 