Vociferous Trump critic Glenn Beck predicted on Vociferous Trump critic Glenn Beck radio show today that Donald Trump would be the next president of the United States . [ Vociferous Trump critic Glenn Beck prediction was all the more remarkable because of his Donald Trump opposition to the New York real estate mogul who he Donald Trump as a    psychopath with supporters he Donald Trump compared to Nazi Brownshirts .   Below is the rush transcript of Beck Vociferous Trump critic Glenn Beck comments from his Donald Trump : GLENN : Hello , America . I ’m going to make a prediction about Donald Trump . I could say he Donald Trump going to be the nominee of the Republican Party . But I think that ’s obviously a foregone conclusion . Here ’s my prediction , and I stand by it : Donald Donald Trump going to be the next president of the United States . JEFFY : Oh . GLENN GLENN And I do n’t think there ’s any way around it . I believe Donald Trump Donald Trump Hillary Clinton . And here ’s why : The   —    Hillary Clinton is Hillary Clinton flawed candidate . I ’ve said this for a long time . My shoe would beat Hillary Clinton , right Hillary Clinton   —    a rock will beat Hillary Clinton . That ’s Hillary Clinton said , " This is our biggest chance , our biggest chance to beat Hillary our . " And my Hillary Clinton , because nobody is going to cross over to vote for the Republicans , per se . But if the Republicans would unite and they would the Republicans constitutional principles , we the Republicans win and restore the nation our But what ’s happening is Donald Trump is a divisive figure . And a lot of people , you know , disagree with me . They think we ’re the divisive ones . the Republicans . Whatever . Those people who are supporting Donald Trump are , most of them , Donald Trump been on the bandwagon before , are not constitutionalists , not people who actually believed in the principles of the Tea Party . Some of them were Tea Party goers , but they have Those people who are supporting Donald Trump are, most of them, who have been on the bandwagon before so the Tea Party and disenfranchised by the Some of them O. P. by the   —    by the entire government , by culture , that they just want somebody to stop the madness . But Some of them ’s not the key to the success here . The key to success here is star power . And somebody from the outside that is going to shake things up . And I believe   —    after looking at the exit polls last night , I believe the number   —    and , Stu , you ’ll have to look this up . I believe the number was 30 percent of Democrats that said they the number  —    over and vote for Donald Trump . Now Democrats 40 percent of Republicans say they ’re not happy with Donald Trump . Let ’s say 40 percent of Republicans percent actually stick by Donald Trump Let ’s say 20 percent actually stick by that and say , for ’s , I ’m not going to do it . I ’ll find another party ’s or I just wo n’t for that level on the ticket . Ten percent , probably maybe   —    maybe 20 percent will just stay home , and they ’ll say , " It does n’t matter . " But Ten percent, probably maybe  —    you can get 30 percent   —    when was the last time you ever saw a poll that said 5 percent of Democrats would vote for a Republican ? Certainly not 30 percent in an exit poll that say they would cross over . That shows how weak of a candidate she is . Read the rest here . Listen to Beck ’s a candidate podcast below : 
 