Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton feels sympathy for Donald Trump supporters who are taken in by the New Yorker , but warned voters that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton thinks Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton message is offensive . [ " I am sympathetic to a lot of the people attracted by Trump ’s message , who are feeling really left out and left behind , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during a YouTube Creators summit in Los Angeles , California on Tuesday .   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asserted that many Trump’s supporters had lost many Trump supporters faith   —    in the government , in politics , and in the economic system and were losing hope in the future of many Trump supporters country . " I ’m not only sympathetic , I ’m looking for solutions , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Some Trump’s supporters , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton argued , were " frustrated " and " fearful " and therefore susceptible to what Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described as Trump’s ’s " misleading promises . " But Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accused many Trump’s supporters of falling prey to Trump’s controversial message . " I ’m not sympathetic to the xenophobia , the misogyny , the homophobia , the Islamophobia , and all of the other sort of dog whistles that Trump’s uses to create that fervor among a lot of Trump’s supporters , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Trump’s ’s " Make America Great Again " slogan , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton argued , was " code for ‘ Go back to the time when a lot of people were not included , including women , including African Americans , Latinos , and a lot of other people . ’ " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also criticized Trump ’s " veiled appeal " to supporters by inciting violence . " That has to be rejected , that ’s contrary to our values , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . 
 