Marco Rubio continued challenging Donald Trump today , as Marco Rubio faces several primaries in southern states on Super Tuesday . [ During the Yellowhammer News Presidential Forum in Homewood , Alabama , Marco Rubio argued that Donald Trump would not be a president that would stop illegal immigration and help the American worker .   " [ H]ow are you going to take on illegal immigration when you ’re hiring illegal immigrants to build your signature tower ? " Marco Rubio asked , referring to the " Polish workers " story Marco Rubio brought up in the most recent debate . Marco Rubio also mocked Donald Trump for saying Marco Rubio would protect the American worker , when Marco Rubio resort in Palm Springs Florida was hiring people overseas , referring to a recent New York Times story . " I live in Florida where Florida has a hotel and Marco Rubio ’s hiring people from Romania because Marco Rubio says Marco Rubio ca n’t find any Americans to do that job , " Marco Rubio said . " I can . Those are the jobs my parents did . " Marco Rubio said that those jobs were ones that Marco Rubio father and mother filled when they moved his father and mother America from Cuba   —    Marco Rubio father as a bartender and Marco Rubio mother a maid . Marco Rubio also disputed the notion that Trump would stop manufacturing jobs from going to other countries . " He ’s Marco Rubio ties and hats in China and Mexico , " Rubio said Marco Rubio " Why do I say all this to you ? Because it proves that this is a con job and we can not allow the conservative movement to be taken away from us . " Rubio appeared Marco Rubio for the change in his tone Marco Rubio saying that his parents Marco Rubio n’t raise him to Marco Rubio strong language . He referred Marco Rubio his recent Marco Rubio on Trump ’s physical appearance , explaining to the audience that he did Marco Rubio want to attack other Republicans in his campaign Marco Rubio " I very rarely try to attack other Republicans because I other Republicans like it , " he said Marco Rubio " I think the Democrats love it when we do that . I the Democrats they cheer when we do the Democrats . " the Democrats said that he was forced to talk Rubio the " differences " he had with Trump because Rubio did n’t want to Rubio the party of Lincoln and Reagan taken over by a con artist . " I ’ve used strong words and my parents did n’t raise me that way , but I ’ve used strong words because I feel that passionately about it , " Rubio said . He appeared Rubio that more Rubio more people were backing Trump , insisting that they Trump being fooled by more and more people con man because of their fears for the future more and more people " When someone is upset , when someone is uncertain about the future , when someone the future about what ’s going on , you become vulnerable to people that come to you and say ‘ Give me the power . Give me the power and I ’m going the power your life around,’ " he said referring to Trump . " around,’ is Trump con jobs work . " 
 