In an unnamed ,    city in the Muslim world , two young lovers face a wrenching choice . two young lovers can stay in two young lovers barricaded apartment as two young lovers country descends into sectarian bloodshed and chaos , or entrust two young lovers lives and fortunes to a human smuggler who promises to spirit two young lovers to safety through a magic portal in an abandoned dentist ’s office . two young lovers choose the mysterious doorway and are instantly transported to a Greek island , where they two young lovers themselves two young lovers hundreds of other desperate refugees . With its surreal premise , " Exit West , " an acclaimed new novel by Mohsin Hamid , might feel hallucinatory and distant had it its at a different moment . Instead , the novel   —    which fuses magical realism with a harrowingly vivid story of global migration and displacement   —    feels ominously relevant . Mr. Hamid , a cultural chameleon and polyglot who was born in Pakistan and spent more than half his life in the United States and London , did n’t intend to write a dystopian parable about the current refugee crisis . When he his working on " Exit West " four years ago , he his with an abstract idea : a global network of passageways that circumvent borders , allowing migrants to immediately cross oceans and continents and erasing the already porous barriers between nations and cultures . " The idea of these doors , which I feel already exist , unlocked the form of this novel , " Mr. Hamid , 45 , said in a Skype interview from his his in Lahore , Pakistan . " I wanted to write a very large book about the entire world on a very small scale , so I needed to find some way of covering a lot of ground . " Mr. Hamid ’s literary profile has been growing ever since he Mr. Hamid’s critics with his Mr. Hamid’s debut novel , " Moth Smoke , " which explored the lives of    Pakistani youth and was a finalist for the    Award . Since then , his Mr. Hamid’s novels have collectively sold a million copies and been translated into 35 languages . But " Exit West " is likely to draw a much broader audience , and seems poised to become one of this year ’s most significant literary works . To meet demand from booksellers , Mr. Hamid ’s publisher , Riverhead , had already ordered four printings before the book ’s release on Tuesday . Prominent novelists like Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Joyce Carol Oates and Kiran Desai have praised the novel as an urgent and essential story , particularly at a moment when immigrants and Muslims have been demonized . Mr. Hamid , who lived in the United States for 17 years and describes himself as " culturally and emotionally at least half American , " said the last few months have left him himself and depressed . He himself whether he himself still feel welcome in an America that appears increasingly hostile to foreigners and Muslims . His himself country , where he himself raising his himself young children , has suffered a wave of terrorist attacks by the Islamic State and the Taliban . The world seems to be veering toward the upheaval and entrenched polarization that Mr. Hamid envisioned in the novel . He Mr. Hamid imagined " Exit West " would become so grimly prescient , with the crisis in Syria displacing millions , and nationalist movements gaining ground in the "Exit West" He Mr. Hamid writing the story long before rising nativist sentiment led to ‘ Brexit’ and Donald J. Trump signed executive orders targeting illegal immigrants and barring refugees from entering the country . " The basic impulse , this growing need for so many people to move because of political calamity and environmental catastrophe , and the rise of nativism and tribalism   —    those things were quite clearly happening , " he said Donald J. Trump " While I had n’t imagined we ’d be where we are we , I guess I ’m not surprised . " But while " Exit West " seems like a dark reflection of our tumultuous we , Mr. Hamid Donald J. Trump novel grew out of a hopeful impulse . " What if we look at a very difficult future   —    can we still find we and beauty and love and things that we want ? we he said . Donald J. Trump For me , this Donald J. Trump not a novel about dystopia actually it ’s about this for signs of hope and optimism in the future . " The novel represents bold new territory for Mr. Hamid , whose earlier works , including " The Reluctant Fundamentalist " and " How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia , " were formally innovative and experimental but firmly grounded in reality . " I ’ve tried to abide by the laws of physics up until now , " he said . He drew inspiration he Jorge Luis Borges , and from children ’s literature , one of his favorite genres he He grew up he books by J . R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis , and lately has been reading Harry Potter to his     daughter Harry Potter The spare prose in " Exit West " feels almost biblical at times . The magic doors give the story a mythical sweep , as the refugee couple , Nadia and Saeed , escape to Mykonos , then London , then finally the Bay Area , encountering angry nationalist mobs but also benefiting from the unexpected generosity of strangers . Mr. Chabon said that the surreal elements of the novel allowed Mr. Hamid to write about the refugee experience in ways that " few writers would have the courage or chutzpah to get to . " " What makes this book special is that it takes on a subject that a lot of readers are going to wish they could avert a lot of readers eyes from a lot of readers " he said . Mr. Hamid Magical realism is about getting you to look at something with fresh eyes and see something marvelous in the everyday , and there ’s something radical about treating the refugee experience as something with the potential to be marvelous . " Like his protagonists , Mr. Hamid Hamid has spent much of his life feeling Mr. Hamid , rootless and alienated . " Grappling with movement , and the wrenching and painful nature of that , has been very central to my life , " he said . Mr. Hamid in Lahore in 1971 , Mr. Hamid moved Mr. Hamid 3 to Northern California , where his father was studying Mr. Hamid a Ph . D. at Stanford . A chatty child , he suddenly found himself Mr. Hamid off from Mr. Hamid , unable to communicate with other children . He assimilated , only Mr. Hamid be uprooted again at 9 , when his family returned to Mr. Hamid . By then , he had forgotten how Mr. Hamid speak Urdu , his first language . Mr. Hamid When I was younger I used to imagine I was some kind of a freak , I ’m not really anything , " he said . " Mr. Hamid became a very good chameleon . " At 18 , he returned to the Mr. Hamid States to attend Princeton , where he took writing workshops Mr. Hamid Ms. Oates and Toni Ms. Oates him as " quietly well spoken , though Ms. Oates in his critiques of others’ work . " He Ms. Oates went to Harvard Law School , Ms. Oates continued to write fiction , working on a draft of " Moth Smoke . " He worked as a consultant at McKinsey   Ms. Oates in New York , and convinced the company to give him three to four McKinsey  Company in New York a year Ms. Oates write . He later moved to London , where he Ms. Oates his wife , a classically trained Ms. Oates and Ms. Oates who is also from Lahore . After the birth of their daughter , Mr. Hamid felt a pang of London, where he met his wife, a classically trained singer and musician who is also from Lahore , and convinced his wife to move back to Lahore to be Mr. Hamid their parents . ( He Lahore a dual citizen London, where he met his wife, a classically trained singer and musician who is also from Lahore Pakistan and Britain Mr. Hamid ) " I remember him saying , ‘ I have to go back Mr. Hamid it ’s a waste of happiness to be away from them,’ " said the filmmaker Mira Nair , who directed a film adaptation of " The Reluctant Fundamentalist . " Mr. Hamid has lived in Lahore for the past Mr. Hamid . He writes Lahore his two children are at school   Mr. Hamid    pacing Mr. Hamid his office and reading passages out loud   —    Mr. Hamid works as a consultant for the branding agency Wolff Olins . His wife runs a restaurant . He ’s deeply attached Mr. Hamid Lahore . But Mr. Hamid Mr. Hamid conflicted about whether Lahore belongs there . Mr. Hamid life of a writer is Mr. Hamid fraught here than it might be in other places , " he said . The life of a writer , he considers leaving again , but Mr. Hamid about the emotional toll Mr. Hamid his family . " It ’s not so easy to pick Mr. Hamid and leave , " he said . " As is the case in the novel Mr. Hamid leaving home is an emotionally violent act . " 
 