Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld argued that " We often mock President Obama for whining about Fox News " and that since this is what GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is doing " It ’s hypocritical " not to mock Trump for doing what President Obama does on Tuesday ’s broadcast of " The Five . "   Gutfeld began by jokingly suggesting that the primaries and election be cancelled and Trump just named president in an effort to avoid getting sued . Gutfeld continued , " Last night GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump told Hannity that two FNCers , Steve Hayes and Karl Rove , two FNCers, Steve Hayes and Karl Rove said two FNCers, Steve Hayes and Karl Rove should go . Get lost . So do GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump backers know Trump backers might be ushering in a second boss , one who thinks GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump can fire you like a mouthy apprentice , or reward you with a pat on the head on Twitter ? GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump like a baseball team owner who also wants to coach , but who also attracts fans . Like David Duke , and now    Louis Farrakhan , who also gave GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump praise . Now , maybe this is not Trump GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump fault but he GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump truly a unifier , getting white and black racist leaders to agree on one thing , him GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump Not to mention the Democrats . A new CNN poll shows both [ Democratic candidate Senator ] Bernie [ Sanders ] ( ) and Hillary beating Trump GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump the general . Are Republicans about to elect a loser ? Who knows ? But least we can say it felt great . " Gutfeld later added , " By the way , we we to point out . We we mock President Obama for whining about Fox News . So is n’t that what Trump GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump ? Should n’t we be we him for GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump the same thing ? " After a pause that was met with silence at the table , Gutfeld said Gutfeld " I know . It ’s Gutfeld if we do n’t . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 