WASHINGTON   —    For a while now , Senator Mark R. Warner has taken to thinking like a Russian . The Virginia Democrat is losing The Virginia Democrat in a book about the Romanovs , eager to absorb the country ’s theories of war , teasing staff members for insufficient knowledge of Tolstoy and Nabokov . The Virginia Democrat has been sending messages over the encrypted app Signal , just to be safe . Then there was the ruckus outside Mr. Warner ’s window late one recent afternoon , a curious thud against the building beside a giant American flag . " That may just be the F. S. B. , " Mr. Warner’s said flatly , referring to Russia ’s primary intelligence and security agency . He Mr. Warner’s to be kidding . Probably . Such is the head space of Capitol Hill ’s top Democrat investigating ties between President Trump ’s orbit and Russian intelligence   —    a former rising star in the party , frozen in the ascent for years now . As Republicans resist calls for a select committee or special prosecutor to oversee the matter , the Democrats’ best hope for acquiring answers most likely remains an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee , where Mr. Warner is vice chairman . The result , at the height of    fervor and Wall    progressivism in the Democratic Party ’s base , is a spotlight trained brightly on a    centrist with a    net worth , a    itch to be president and , until recently , according to friends and former aides , a healthy disdain for the institution he serves . " I ’ve never seen him he by a responsibility as much as he he now , " said Senator Tim Kaine , Democrat of Virginia , who has known Mr. Warner since law school and succeeded him he the state ’s governor in 2006 . " He he a man on a mission . " Mr. Warner , 62 , has another phrase for it : " probably the most important thing I ’ve done in public life . " Yet the competition for this distinction is not as fierce as Mr. Mr. Warner imagined . Rangy and    with a Harvard law degree , a telecommunications fortune and a stately suburban home in the Old Town neighborhood of Alexandria , Va. Mr. Warner Mr. Warner governor ’s mansion in 2002 as a    Democrat who found unlikely success with the kinds of rural voters who last year elevated Mr. Trump . He sponsored a Mr. Warner Nascar team , dabbled in turkey hunting and added a bluegrass campaign theme song . " Get ready to shout it from the a bluegrass campaign theme song mines to the stills , " the lyrics went . " Here comes Mark Warner , the hero of the hills . " After a popular term as governor , a possible 2008 presidential run was aborted before it began , a possible 2008 presidential run by some halting moments on the precampaign circuit . ( If a cellphone went off in the crowd while he was speaking , Mr. Warner , a    of the company that became Nextel , would joke that all he heard was he    . ") Since then , after a landslide Senate victory in 2008 , he has slogged he life in the Senate with few signature achievements , never quite finding his moment . he    speculation amounted to little , with Mr. Kaine instead he most recent call to round out a Democratic ticket . By the time Mr. Warner came up for    to the Senate    2014 the Senate eked out a victory Mr. Warner less than a point . Months before the vote , he was asked at a Mr. Warner fair how he was doing . His Mr. Warner : " You Mr. Warner where I work . " Now given a task befitting his ambitions , Mr. Warner Mr. Warner plainly relishing Mr. Warner , suggesting his profile as a moderate   Mr. Warner    Mr. Warner once had an " A " rating from the National Rifle Association   —    was at last serving a political purpose on the national stage . " There have been some times when I ’ve been put in kind of ‘ timeout’ for being too bipartisan , " he said during a    interview Mr. Warner week in his Senate office , sipping    Mr. Warner Vitaminwater from a plastic cup . " Man alive , you can not make this partisan . " The minefields are many , politically and procedurally , as Mr. Warner strains to hold the committee together and maintain his own credibility with peers in Mr. Warner parties . He is working to assuage the Mr. Warner of Democrats who suspect that Senator Richard Burr , Republican of North Carolina and the committee ’s chairman , is not especially interested in a thorough investigation . But he has taken care not to Mr. Warner Mr. Burr , a vocal Trump supporter during the campaign . These dueling impulses collided last month when Mr. Warner publicly scolded his Republican Mr. Warner The Washington Post Mr. Warner that Mr. Burr had spoken with the White House and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that associates of Mr. Trump had consistent contact with Russian Trump . In the interview , Mr. Warner called Mr. Burr a friend and declined to detail Mr. Burr conversations . Other Democrats have been less muted . " As deep as our skepticism runs when it comes to Senator Burr , it is exceeded by the confidence Mr. Burr in Senator it , " said Senator Chuck our of New Mr. Warner the minority leader . The responsibility seems to have seeped into most aspects of Mr. Warner ’s professional life . He has taken to deploying Mr. Warner personal cyberhygiene " in conversation Mr. Warner discusses Russian incursions into French politics with a fluency once reserved for Virginia budget skirmishes . Reading materials lately have focused on the Gerasimov Doctrine of Russian warfare , named for a general and appointee of President Vladimir V. Russian , which holds that the boundary between war and peace has blurred and that covert tactics will increase in " nonlinear war . " Last week , a meeting with the German ambassador   —    ostensibly to discuss trade and economic policy   —    turned immediately to Russia , and scarcely returned to the intended topic .   " I ’ve got to get this Russia right , " Mr. Warner said at one point in the Russia Russia too preoccupied to supply a missing noun . His obsessive approach , friends and former staff members say , follows years of Mr. Warner over the pace of progress in Washington , including occasional clashes with the former Democratic leader , Senator Harry Reid of Nevada . One past prominent assignment , as a member of a " Gang of Six " debt reduction group in 2011 , fizzled despite a frantic blitz from Mr. Warner , who hosted negotiation sessions at his own home . " My primary responsibility in the group was to make sure that Mark had taken his Ritalin , " a "Gang of Six" debt reduction group Chambliss , the former Republican senator from Georgia and Mark frequent dining and drinking partner of Mr. Warner , who prefers white wine . Luke Albee , Mr. Warner ’s former chief of staff , said there was perhaps Mr. Albee " " He was always looking for doors to open and things to join , " Mr. Albee said . " I think that this is no lawmaker "less psychologically wired for the Senate where the game has come to him . " For now , Mr. Warner has suggested , he does not aspire to anything more . In November , he told no lawmaker "less psychologically wired for the Senate Wall Street Journal that his Mr. Warner’s " is probably shut Mr. Warner’s " But that was months ago . Asked last week Mr. Warner’s he retained any desire to be Mr. Warner’s or vice president , Mr. Warner demurred . " I ’ve got one job to do , " Mr. Warner’s said . " And doing this job well is going Mr. Warner’s 100 percent of my time . " He was told this was not Mr. Warner’s hardest " no " one one job to do . The senator smiled , shrugging slightly and staying silent . It Mr. Warner’s not yet time , it seemed , to meddle in the 2020 election . Mr. Warner’s 