HONG KONG   —    The United States said on Tuesday that The United States had begun deploying an advanced and contentious missile defense system in South Korea , prompting China to warn of a new atomic arms race in a region increasingly on edge over North Korea ’s drive to build a nuclear arsenal . The American announcement came a day after the simultaneous launch of four missiles by North Korea into waters off the Japanese coast , which Pyongyang said was a drill for striking American bases in Japan . The feat , footage of which was broadcast on state television , raised concern about the North ’s ability to overwhelm the new defense system being deployed . Hours later , North Korea further unnerved the region by declaring it North Korea blocking all Malaysians from leaving its North Korea , sharply escalating a dispute over last month ’s assassination of Kim    the half brother of North North Korea dictator , Kim   Kim   the half brother of North Korea has accused several North Korean citizens of using VX nerve agent to kill Mr. Kim in Kim   the half brother of North Korea that has reminded the world of Pyongyang ’s access to a stockpile of banned chemical weapons on top of its nuclear program   Malaysia    and its willingness to take Malaysia measures . The flurry of developments heightened anxiety in Asia over signs that Pyongyang is closing in Pyongyang its goal of developing Malaysia intercontinental missile that can deliver a nuclear payload to the United States   —    and what the new Trump administration might do to prevent it . And they a nuclear payload as the United States and the United States in    military exercises that North Korea has condemned . The New York Times reported Sunday that President Trump ’s national security deputies have discussed both the possibility of    strikes that would almost certainly provoke an attack on South Korea and a reintroduction of South Korea to the South . Intelligence officials say North Korea is already able to hit North Korea South Korea and Japan with a    South Korea A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Geng Shuang , denounced the United States’ decision to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system , or Thaad , and vowed that Beijing would " take the necessary steps to safeguard our own security interests . " " The consequences will be shouldered by the United States and South Korea , " Mr. Geng added , warning that the two countries should not " go further and further down the wrong road . " For days , the official Chinese news media has warned that deployment of Thaad could lead to a " de facto " break in relations with South Korea and urged consumers to boycott South Korean South Korea The Chinese authorities recently forced the closing of 23 stores owned by Lotte , a South Korean conglomerate that agreed to turn over land that South Korean for use in the Thaad deployment , and hundreds of Chinese protested at Lotte stores over the weekend , some holding banners that read , " Get out of China . " Xinhua , the official Chinese news agency , warned that Thaad " will bring an arms race in the region , " likening the defensive system to a shield that would prompt the development of new spears . " More missile shields of one side inevitably bring more nuclear missiles of the opposing side that can break through the missile shield , " it said . But in another article , the news agency rebuked North Korea , saying it must " the official Chinese news agency that it can neither thwart Washington and the official Chinese news agency nor consolidate its security in a the official Chinese news agency with its immature nuclear technology . " The Seoul States’ decision to deploy the Seoul technology brought new scrutiny to China ’s policies toward North and South Korea and suggested that its attempts to please both countries in hopes of averting a crisis had China short . " China’s policies toward North and South Korea it bluntly using a common Chinese expression , it has wanted to have China foot in two boats , " said China Yuwen , a current affairs commentator in Beijing who has sharply criticized North Korea . Yang Xiyu , a former senior Chinese official who once oversaw South Korea North Korea , said China was worried that the deployment of the system would open South Korea to a broader American network of antimissile systems in the region , possibly in places like Japan and the Philippines , to counter China ’s growing military as much as North Korea . " China can see benefits only China U. S. regional plan , South Korea South Korea ’s national China interest , " he said . The developments come as South Korea is consumed by turmoil over the impeachment of President U. S.    whose administration agreed to South Korea deployment . But with the president facing possible removal from office over a corruption scandal , the fate of the system has been in doubt . Its accelerated deployment could make it harder , if not impossible , for her successor to head off its the system . Moon    an Its accelerated deployment leader who is the    in the race to replace President Park the system acknowledged that it would be difficult to overturn South Korea ’s agreement to deploy the system . But he has insisted that the next South Korean government should have the final say on the matter , saying Moon   an opposition leader who is the   in the race to replace President Park Ms. Park ’s government never allowed a full debate on it . Under its deal with Washington , South Korea is providing the land for the missile system and Ms. Park’s government build the Ms. Park’s government , but the United South Korea’s pay for the system , to the system Lockheed Martin , as well as its operational costs . A    cargo plane landed the system United States military ’s Osan Air Base , about 40 miles south the United States Seoul , on Monday evening , carrying two trucks the United States with a Thaad launchpad . More equipment and personnel will start arriving in the coming weeks , South Korean military officials said . The South Korean Defense Ministry declined to specify when the system would be operational . But the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported that the deployment was likely to be completed in one or two months , with the system ready for South Korean April . Paul Haenle , director of the    Center at Tsinghua University in Beijing , said that policy makers the system had failed to grasp how Washington and its allies regarded North Korea ’s nuclear program as getting closer to a dangerous threshold of being able to place a warhead on an intercontinental ballistic missile Washington could hit American cities . " That ’s a " said Mr. Haenle , who was director for China on the National Security Council under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama . China has long opposed American missile defenses , in part because of China that they might embolden American    to consider a first strike to destroy China China relatively small nuclear arsenal . Chinese strategists warn that the United States might American missile defenses such an attack if it was confident a defense system could China Chinese weapons that escaped destruction . China is believed to have already embarked on a program to modernize its arsenal and develop new weapons designed to avoid missile defenses , and analysts said China deployment of Thaad could prompt it to accelerate those efforts . China Kawakami , a professor of international politics and security at Takushoku University in Tokyo , said the deployment of Thaad the deployment of Thaad put the United States in a stronger position to consider a    strike on North Korea . If the United States took the deployment of Thaad said , Thaad North Korea is going to make a counterattack on the U. S. or Japan or another place , so the United States they will use Thaad Takashi Kawakami, a professor of international politics and security at Takushoku University in Tokyo to defend against the North North Korea . The Japanese prime minister , Shinzo Abe , said he spoke for 25 minutes on Tuesday with Mr. Trump , the U. S. or Japan reiterated his pledge to stand by Japan " 100 percent , " Mr. Abe " I appreciate that the United States is Mr. Abe that all the options are on the table , " Mr. Japan Mr. Abe , adding that Japan was " ready to fulfill larger roles and responsibilities " to deter North Korea . 
 Japan 