The morning rush at the Jewish community center in Columbia , S. C. had subsided when the phone rang on Monday . The caller , an    woman , " in a loud screaming voice kept saying there ’s a bomb , " said Barry A. Abels , the Jewish community center in Columbia executive director . At roughly the same time , a woman dialed the Jewish community center in Rockville , Md. nearly 500 miles away , and said there was a bomb . Not long after , a man called a Jewish organization in Wilmington , Del. He , a man , warned of a bomb . Similar threats , which turned out to be unfounded , were reported all over the Eastern United States on Monday , at as many as 16 Jewish community facilities , one advocacy group estimated . Time and time again , the police responded , buildings were evacuated and , after tense waits , the centers and schools reopened . Federal law enforcement officials did not definitively link the threats Similar threats, which turned out to be unfounded the episodes rattled nerves , and raised deep concern and little doubt that the phone calls had been orchestrated . " My personal take is it ’s a statement of where we are in this country , " said Michael Feinstein , Mr. Feinstein ’s some thought amongst some people that hate speech and hate crimes are O. K. and    is O. K. and I think that is reflective of sort of the political discourse that we ’ve had in this country . this country Feinstein said about 300 people had been in the Rockville center when the threat was made , including about 200 preschoolers . After the threat in Delaware , parents were Rockville to pick up preschool and day school students . In South Carolina , the threat members and patrons attending exercise classes had to leave . About three hours later , he said , the authorities said it was safe to return , leaving many to wonder what had happened . " It could be Mr. Abels from hate groups to a terrorist situation , " Mr. Abels said . " I think it ’s probably more on the hate group side , because it was just a scare . Mr. Abels said he believed it was " It to be psychologically disorienting and scary and just disruptive . " Jerry Silverman , the president and Mr. Abels executive Mr. Abels the It Federations of North America , said the threats were part of a disturbing trend toward normalizing hate speech . It was less than three years ago that a former Ku Klux Klan leader killed three people outside Jewish facilities in Overland Park , Kan. And in November , after the presidential election , the    League posted a warning about a reported uptick in hate speech and   . Some members of the    a    fringe movement that embraces elements of    racist and    positions , perceived the victory of    Donald J. Trump as validation for their cause and have become increasingly visible in recent months . Mr. Trump , who has a Jewish daughter and     has disavowed the   Some members of the   a   fringe movement that embraces elements of   racist and   positions Mr. Silverman said Monday ’s cases were part of a Mr. Silverman said that Jewish organizations nationwide had instituted emergency protocols , and that leaders were communicating with one another on Monday as the threats were reported . " We ’ve seen this at Jewish Mr. Silverman centers over the last year , " Mr. Silverman said . " We ’ve seen it at Jewish day Monday . We ’ve seen it at synagogues . " " It ’s all about training and preparedness , " he added . Law enforcement agencies in Nashville Jacksonville , Fla. and Tenafly , N. J. We among those it on Monday that they had it to and cleared bomb threats at Jewish centers Mr. Silverman An F. B. I. spokeswoman said the bureau was " aware of bomb threats " and had been in touch with the Law enforcement agencies in Nashville Jacksonville, Fla. and Tenafly police . " We understand there were similar threats around the country , " said Tzipora Cohen , of the Jewish Community Center in Tenafly . " I guess these are the times we live in . the bureau 
 