California Republicans are turning out to volunteer for Donald Trump ’s campaign by knocking on doors in local communities , even though the Republican presidential nominee is thought to have no chance of winning the state . [ Indeed , while Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton is sending busloads of California volunteers to    Nevada , the East Bay Times reports , the Trump campaign is keeping volunteers in liberal strongholds in the hope that " closeted " supporters will turn out to vote .   The    Golden State has not cast The   Golden State electoral votes for a Republican since George H. W. Bush in 1988 . The latest poll average from RealClearPolitics shows Clinton ahead of Trump by 22 . 2 % . Though stranger surprises have happened   —    Clinton lost to rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) in the Michigan primary though Clinton was ahead by some 30 points   —    a California win seems impossible , especially as Democrats have used Trump unpopularity among many Latinos to register new voters . Still , the Times reports , Trump Trump are turning out in droves , defying attempts to paint them Trump reporters " racists . " And for now , at least , the campaign is not sending them Trump reporters the border into Nevada , a state that Trump Trump certainly needs to win ( and is within striking distance , behind Clinton by 2 . 3 % in the RealClearPolitics average ) . During the primary race earlier this year , when it seemed California might be the decisive contest , 100 , 000 Trump volunteers signed up statewide , the Times reports . Early last week , Trump Trump quiet visits to Los Angeles and the Central Valley en route to a rally in Washington State . His Trump fundraiser in Tulare may have set a new record for a campaign event in the agricultural region , netting an estimated $ 1 . 3 million at one stop . In June , Trump Trump in San Jose was greeted by violence and riots , with supporters beaten and harassed outside the arena in full view of the national media . The mayor of San Jose San Jose for Trump violence . California has 55 electoral votes , the most of any state . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 