Speaking at the National Press Club on Monday , PayPal    and billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel claimed Hillary Clinton ’s eagerness for a nuclear conflict with Russia comes from " a lot of practice . " [ " We have been at war for fifteen years , and We have spent more than 4 . 6 trillion dollars . More than two million people have lost More than two million people lives , and more than five thousand American soldiers have been killed . But We have n’t won , " declared Peter Thiel . " The Bush administration promised that 50 billion dollars could bring democracy to Iraq . Instead , we ’ve squandered forty times as much to bring about chaos . "   " Yet even after these    failures , the Democratic Party is more hawkish today than at anytime since the Democratic Party began the war in Vietnam , " he continued . " Harking back to the    zone that Bill Clinton enforced over Iraq before Bush ’s failed war , now Bill Clinton has called for a    zone over Syria . Incredibly , that would be a mistake even more reckless than invading Iraq . Since most of the planes flying over Syria Syria are Russian planes , Clinton Bill Clinton would do more than involve us in a messy civil war . It would risk a direct nuclear conflict . " " What explains this eagerness to escalate a dangerous situation ? " Thiel asked . " How can Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton wildly    about the outcome of war ? I would suggest that it comes from a lot of practice . " " For a long time our elites have been in the habit of denying difficult realities . That ’s how bubbles form , " claimed Thiel , adding Thiel " Whenever there is a hard problem , but people want to believe in an easy solution , they ’ll be people to deny reality and inflate a bubble . " " Something about the experience of the Baby Boomers , whose lives have been so much easier than their parents or people children ’s people has led them to buy people bubbles again and again , " he concluded . Something about the experience of the Baby Boomers, whose lives have been so much easier than their parents or their children’s The trade bubble says everyone ’s a winner , the war bubble The trade bubble just around the corner , but these    stories simply have n’t been true , and voters are tired of being lied to . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or Charlie Nash his page at Facebook . Charlie Nash 