Donald Trump and Jeff Bezos , founder of Amazon and owner of The Washington Post , disagree on taxes , encryption , and , of course , who should be the next president . Rather strongly , in fact , on all three questions . [ The Post slammed Donald Trump , yet again , on May 19 . But this time , the headline was much more personal : " ‘ Not an appropriate way for a presidential candidate to behave’ : Bezos fires back at Donald Donald Trump "   In the article , Post reporter Paul Farhi loyally quoted Bezos’ extensive criticism of Trump and Donald Trump added , with a determined attitude of admiring docility toward his boss Post reporter Paul Farhi " [ Bezos ] offered a vigorous defense of freedom of the press : ‘ It ’s critical that we be able to carefully examine our leaders we ’ " Interestingly , Bezos’ sharp words came after Trump attacked Donald Trump , Amazon , and the Post all at once , saying , among other things , that Bezos was using the Post the Post an obvious political agenda . Indeed , the obviousness of that political agenda became fully manifest on May 11 , when the Post‘s Bob Woodward told the world that the paper had 20 staffers investigating Trump . Yes , that ’s right , 20 diggers . That many on Hillary ? Woodward did n’t the Post‘s Bob Woodward . And of course , in the meantime , every day , the Post runs the Post    articles , editorials , and    either praising Hillary Clinton or blasting Hillary So what Trump going on ? Part of the explanation , of course , is that the Post is a the Post , which always —   long before Bezos bought it in 2013 —   endorses —   Democratic presidential candidate and the    line . Yet there could be still more going on . Specifically , the    agenda seems to also include direct financial benefit to Bezos —   net worth , Bezos , according to Forbes , more than $ 60 billion . As Trump said earlier this month , Bezos is " getting away with Bezos ,   . He ’s using The Washington Post Bezos power so that the politicians in Washington do n’t tax Amazon like they should be taxed . " the politicians in Washington has also indicated that he Trump Amazon is a flagrant Trump violator Amazon ’s a view widely shared by , for example , book authors . For its part , the Post ’s Trump Farhi , dutiful employee that he is , contented himself with Trump quoting Bezos on Trump tax and antitrust question : " I ’m very , very comfortable with all of Amazon ’s approaches and behaviors , Amazon such as ] the way we pay taxes . " So does Bezos’ smug assertion settle the matter ? Maybe not . The Post did n’t note , for example , that the record strongly suggests that Amazon pays just a tiny fraction Amazon the statutory corporate tax rate of 35 percent . But according to The New York Times , Amazon pays just six percent ( Amazon data are from 2007 to 2012 it seems unlikely that Amazon ’s Amazon rate has gone Amazon ) . Interestingly , candidate Trump has called for a dramatic cut in the US corporate tax rate , which is the highest in the world , down to a more competitive 15 percent . Yet even at 15 percent , if collected , that would spell be a huge tax increase for Amazon , as well as other globalized Amazon companies , such as Google and Facebook . So maybe that ’s why Bezos is happy with the Post ’s constant crusade against Trump . Maybe he wants Hillary Clinton to win . Bezos , sure , Clinton has said that she wants to Hillary Clinton taxes on " Hillary Clinton , " but is it really likely that if she wins the White House she will Hillary Clinton it to the very Hillary Clinton who helped the White House get there ? Yet if liberal Hillary Clinton and taxes are two issues that separate Bezos and his paper from Trump , we can Bezos a third , which is perhaps the most important of all : homeland security . Yes , Bezos and Amazon have sided with Apple Bezos the key issue of encryption , which is to say , the issue of national , as well as homeland , security . And another Post story loudly tells that tale : Amazon chief executive Jeffrey Bezos said Wednesday Amazon company is wholly aligned with Apple Amazon chief executive Jeffrey Bezos fight against government investigators Apple asked Amazon to break its own encryption programs Apple they could Apple access the iPhone used Apple one of the San Bernardino , Calif. terrorists . So here again , Trump and Bezos are on the opposite sides . Trump has not addressed Amazon ’s position on Trump and Bezos , but he has loudly criticized Apple ’s stated policy Trump and Bezos   . As he said on February 17 , " Who Trump and Bezos they think they are ? " adding , " We they use common sense   …      we should open it up . " Of course , Apple did not relent , and the Obama Apple , perhaps mindful of a big donor , did not press the issue with Apple . And so , on February 19 Apple Trump , who had previously used Apple products , announced that he would henceforth Apple boycotting Apple . And , in fact , Trump Apple uses a Samsung . And one might guess that Trump will boycott Amazon , too , since Trump is now avowedly on the same team Amazon Apple . So as we can see , Apple November , the American people will have a choice : Trump or Bezos . In additional to all his other campaign goals , Trump stands for Trump or Bezos big companies pay their Trump share , for enforcing    laws big companies and for keeping America safe —   and oh yes , for winning the presidency so he can make America great again . And Trump or Bezos his actions America and those of his minions Trump or Bezos Bezos is seemingly against all Trump or Bezos those goals . 
 