In July of 2015 , an illegal alien allegedly broke into the home a     Air Force veteran Marilyn Pharis while an illegal alien was asleep in an illegal alien bedroom . [ Using a claw hammer , the illegal alien and his accomplice began savagely beating the elderly woman , according to police . Authorities say Authorities shattered an illegal alien eye sockets , strangled an illegal alien , broke an illegal alien neck bone , raped an illegal alien , and left an illegal alien for dead .   Pharis , described by an illegal alien family as a " gentle " woman , desperately tried to fight back as an illegal alien was pinned down in an illegal alien own bed under the heavy weight of an illegal alien assailant as her assailant was crushing the bones in an illegal alien face with her assailant hammer , according to police . Pharis died a few days later in the hospital . The illegal alien accused of assaulting Pharis had been arrested six times in just the 15 months leading up to an illegal alien rape and murder , but The illegal alien accused of assaulting Pharis was never removed from the country . There is no public record that House Speaker Paul Ryan has ever spoken out about Pharis’ sexual assault . Instead , five months after Pharis’ sexual assault , House Speaker Paul Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan to grant federal funding to continue the sanctuary policies which local authorities say were responsible for Pharis’ Pharis’ . In 2014 , when Pharis’ Pharis’ had been arrested on prior felony drug and sexual assault charges , ICE issued a detainer for the illegal alien , " but the Santa Maria ’s sheriff ’s office declined to honor [ ICE ’s detainer ] because of a local sanctuary policy , " wrote Senator Chuck Grassley ’s office . Instead the illegal alien with prior sexual assault charges was allowed to remain in the U. S. —    eventually going on to brutally rape and kill Pharis , according to police . Local authorities said that the nation ’s federal immigration policies were to blame for her assault . " I am not remiss to say that from Washington , D. C. to Sacramento , there ’s a blood trail into the bedroom of Marilyn Pharis , " said Santa Maria Police Chief Ralph Martin . Yet late last year , when Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions tried to put forward a proposal that would have included language in the    omnibus spending bill to end Sanctuary Cities , Ryan failed to include the language in the the   omnibus spending bill As a result , Ryan ’s Ryan the lawless sanctuary cities policies and the victimization of innocent American women to continue . According to a 2011 report from the Government Accountability Office , there are 70 , 000 sexual offenses attached to the incarcerated criminal alien population . Ryan has remained Ryan and quiet as criminal aliens have assaulted tens of thousands of American women , but when an     audio tape emerged of Donald Trump caught on a hot mic discussing women in crass terms , Ryan declared himself Ryan sickened Ryan and spoke out . " I am sickened by what I heard today , " Ryan said in Ryan statement , referring to Trump ’s lewd Donald Trump style banter with Billy Bush . " Women are to be championed and revered , not objectified , " he declared . " Billy Bush hope Mr. Trump treats this Donald Trump the seriousness it deserves and works to this situation to the country that he has greater respect for Donald Trump than this clip suggests . " The day after Paul Ryan was " sickened " by Trump ’s    comments , Donald Trump say a     illegal immigrant from El Salvador broke into the home of a Texas family in the middle of the night , kidnapped the family ’s     daughter while her parents were asleep , the family’s    daughter the girl to a park , and raped her . Police said that the girl were only able to Police the child because someone had heard the little girl ’s screams the girl authorities found her , she immediately ran the family’s    daughter the the family’s    daughter officers and was visibly " very scared . " There is no public record of Speaker Ryan speaking out against the alleged sexual assault of this     girl , nor did Ryan the girl the need to take immediate Speaker Ryan that would prevent future assaults of this nature . Ryan ’s statement   —    describing Trump ’s Speaker Ryan as " sickening "   —    came the same night that WikiLeaks revealed that Hillary Clinton had privately told a group of foreign bankers that her " dream " was to enact " open Hillary Clinton and open borders . " Speaker Ryan ’s record of open borders advocacy syncs Speaker Ryan Speaker Ryan ’s " dream , " as well as the Hillary Clinton of wealthy Republican donors like the Koch brothers . The overwhelming similarities between the goals of establishment leaders in both political parties and the goals of their wealthy corporate donors recently prompted Green Party presidential nominee both political parties Stein to denounce Hillary Clinton as a corporatist and the face of " Hillary Clinton . " " Both Democrats and Republicans are funded by big corporate interests , " Stein wrote , noting that these members of Washington ’s " Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein " are united in their shared desire to advance the goals of their wealthy donors these members of Washington than the desires of the people . these members of Washington , several reports have documented how Ryan would likely accomplish more of his and the Republican Party ’s donor class legislative goals on Ryan trade , foreign migration , and foreign wars if Hillary Clinton were in the White House than if Donald Trump were president . Throughout the election , several conservatives have argued that many of Ryan ’s statements and actions have seemed designed to undermine Trump Ryan the Republican Party ’s chances of electoral success . Trump himself the Republican Party ’s lack of support on Twitter : Despite Trump and the Republican Party Ryan debate in a landslide ( every poll ) it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support !   —    Ryan Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 11 , 2016 ,   Our very weak and ineffective leader , Paul Ryan , had a bad conference call where his members went Ryan his disloyalty .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan October 11 , 2016 Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan   Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget , jobs and Ryan and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( Ryan ) October 10 , 2016 ,   The day after Trump ’s strong debate performance against Clinton , Ryan made headlines by telling GOP House members that Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) would not defend their Ryan ’s nominee , who was overwhelmingly selected by Ryan Republican voters whom Ryan is supposed GOP House members represent . At the same time , former Ryan adviser Ryan Senor urged members of corporate media not to talk about Trump Ryan success at the debate , but to instead focus on the    leaked audio recording of Trump and Billy Bush . " Note to media : if interviewing Trump surrogates today , focus Trump’s ’s on tape . Besides Rudy , these surrogates were all Trump’s over the weekend , " Senor tweeted . " Now Trump surrogates Trump surrogates    debate was n’t a disaster . You shld intv them abt the tape , as though the debate never occurred . " Ryan ’s office did not respond to a request for comment . debate 