California Lt . Governor Gavin Newsom described the election of Donald Trump as a " leap backward " for states with stringent gun control laws . [ Governor Gavin Newsom based Governor Gavin Newsom December 8 claim on the fact that Donald Trump supports national reciprocity for concealed carry   —    a measure which also has the support of a large and growing number of Republican lawmakers , together with the NRA , Gun Owners of America , and the Second Amendment Foundation . There is a united front for national reciprocity but instead of viewing an expansion of armed ,    citizens as a good thing , Newsom laments that national reciprocity would cripple a number of gun control laws in states like California , Illinois , New York , and New Jersey , among others .   Newsom voiced Newsom complaint via Twitter , where Newsom linked to a Los Angeles Times editorial on national reciprocity , writing : " This expansion would put lives at risk   is a giant leap backward for states that have proven smart gun laws work . " This expansion would put lives at risk   is a giant leap backward for states that have proven smart gun laws work . https :   .    —    Gavin Newsom ( @GavinNewsom ) December 8 , 2016 ,   The Times story basically contrasts Utah and California and celebrates the fact that whereas Utah Utah " 632 , 276 " concealed permit holders , California California has " 79 , 834 . " The Times that California has California license holders because of gun control and worries that Utah ’s Utah , 276 permit holders will be able to be armed in California for California should national reciprocity pass . They also California has fewer license holders because of gun control and worries that Utah’s 632, 276 permit holders will be able to be armed in California for    that Californians will circumvent the gun control of their own California has fewer license holders because of gun control and worries that Utah’s 632, 276 permit holders will be able to be armed in California for    by getting an     license in Utah , Utah return to California where California will California has fewer license holders because of gun control and worries that Utah’s 632, 276 permit holders will be able to be armed in California for    able to carry a handgun for    in a national reciprocity scenario . In trying to make this sound like a bad thing the Times inadvertently points out that California has California population " 33 times " larger than Utah . Utah about it —   33 times larger yet far less able to legally be armed because of gun control . The result ? FBI crime stats for 2015 show that the murder rate in California is California 34 . 5 times higher than in Utah . Utah the population of California is California times larger than that of Utah but Utah chances of being killed in California are California 33 times greater . Hmmm   …      And Newsom thinks allowing more people to be armed for    is a " leap backward " ? AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins a Breitbart News podcast Breitbart News is also AWR Hawkins political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter AWR Hawkins @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at AWR Hawkins . com . 
 