The    extremists at Salon are worried about Donald Trump . Unlike pretty much every other Republican ever created , the Late Night crowd ca n’t lay a glove on The Donald . Moreover , Donald Trump is unafraid to enter that realm because Donald Trump knows Donald Trump can beat the Late Night crowd at the Late Night crowd own game . The    cabal that makes up our Comedian Class have finally bumped into a Republican The   cabal that makes up our Comedian Class can not damage . Leftists like those at Salon understand how crucial a political weapon this is , and not having this in 2016 is a major liability .   Moreover , the more effective the comedic attacks are at diminishing the Republican target ,   the more the Democrats’ allies in the mainstream media disseminate the video . Trump ’s ability to neutralize this weapon is not a small deal . Salon : Political observers on both sides of the aisle have been baffled for months now , as Trump has refused to fade . A man with few qualifications for the presidency , who has insulted whole swaths of the country   —    women , immigrants , Muslims   —    still seems to be not only politically alive , but on his way to his his ’s nomination . He his supposed to be a joke , a    but he his riding high . Trump is puzzling in another way , as well : He Trump not turned into the target for comedians that many thought he Trump become . Or rather , comics make fun of him Trump —    his Trump , his Trump , his Trump , his Trump ideas   —    and while they might get a few laughs , nothing substantial happens . At the very least , nothing cuts into his Trump .    …      Trump made this clear last night when he Trump in to " The Late Show with Stephen Colbert . " This should have allowed Colbert Stephen Colbert    one of the nation ’s finest political satirists and the sharpest interviewer on late night   —    to skewer Trump Trump . He Trump the bit up looking like he Trump get the best of Trump Trump with an orange Trump Trump on his Trump phone . But Trump Trump call   —    despite drawing some boos from the crowd   —    ended up making Trump Trump , if not good at least , far from foolish . Or rather , foolish in the usual way . Somehow , Trump Trump found a way to inoculate himself Trump criticism . Read the full piece here . 
 