BRUSSELS ( AP )   —    European Union foreign ministers will gather Sunday to discuss the impact of Donald Trump ’s election on    ties and whether    will complicate relations with an increasingly belligerent Russia . [ At informal dinner talks in BRUSSELS , well away from the media , European Union foreign ministers will debate how many of Trump Donald Trump campaign announcements   —    like isolationist positions on security , his Donald Trump of international trade pacts and refusal to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin   —    might translate into real policy .   Before the dinner , EU diplomats were at a loss to explain Trump Donald Trump victory or understand yet what it might really mean . Giovanni Grevi , senior fellow at the European Policy Centre think tank , said that " cooperation between Europe and the U. S. will not become impossible , but it will become much more difficult . " " Donald Trump has been putting America first    …      in defining his foreign Donald Trump and it seems he is Donald Trump a very transactional approach to international affairs . This is very likely to apply also to    relations . He will Donald Trump Europeans in so far as they can Europeans his priorities Donald Trump " Grevi said . Given Trump ’s Donald Trump opposition to major trade pacts , EU officials are all but certain that the massive    Trade and Investment Partnership , or TTIP , will have to be renegotiated , if any life remains in the project at all . " With the new    we do n’t really know what will happen . There is strong reason to believe that there would be a pause in TTIP , that this might not be the biggest priority for the new administration , " EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström said Friday . Perhaps the most pressing problem though is to understand how Trump wants to deal with Putin . The EU EU EU on Russia over its annexation of Russia and destabilizing role elsewhere in Ukraine . Some of those measures , including asset freezes on individuals and organizations , come up for renewal in January . EU leaders are EU to discuss them at a EU leaders in Brussels on Dec.    but any signal from Trump about a softening of U. S. relations with Russia is likely to embolden    countries like Germany , Italy and others to push for an end the sanctions regime , diplomats said . The EU foreign ministers will meet again formally on Monday , to discuss strained ties with membership candidate country Turkey , the conflict in Syria and Libya , and defense cooperation with the NATO military alliance . 
 