GOP frontrunner Donald Trump returned to the campaign trail after a few days off , continuing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump nationalist message of " America first " when talking to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump supporters at GOP frontrunner Donald Trump afternoon campaign rally in Rochester , New York on Sunday . [ " You need somebody fast , " the real estate mogul said after listing various percentages of jobs lost from a number of different industries in New York .   In particular , Trump blamed NAFTA for the loss of manufacturing jobs . " I ’ve been talking about this for five years , " Trump Trump about the currency manipulation in trade deals . He Trump referenced Sentry Safe , a manufacturing company headquartered in Rochester , and how it Sentry Safe, a manufacturing company headquartered in Rochester moved operations to Mexico . " I ’m the only one that knows how to stop it Sentry Safe, a manufacturing company headquartered in Rochester " he Trump of businesses moving out of the Mexico Trump Trump he Trump been asked by a group of people from the Rochester Rochester to run for governor . " They asked me to run for governor . Between you and I , I sort of said , ‘ I ’m sorry ’m I ’m doing ’m else . ’ " " This is what the something else was , " Trump Trump , referencing his Trump campaign . " I think I could have a lot bigger effect on upstate New York and Rochester Rochester doing what I ’m doing ’m " " You would have been fracking " a long time ago , he Trump about the people of New York New York Trump Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) questioning whether Hillary Clinton was qualified to run for president , adding that she ’s made Hillary Clinton mistakes . " I look so forward to going after Hillary after these guys   …      it ’s going to be easy , " he Trump . Trump Trump talked about what he Trump a rigged system regarding the delegate count in light of recent reports that rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is stacking the deck with delegates favorable to him Trump " This is a cooked system , folks , " he Trump , adding that Sanders is facing a rigged system on the Democrat side as well regarding delegate count heading into the national convention . " I win Louisiana   …      then I find out that I get less delegates than Cruz because of some nonsense going on , " Trump said . " I say this to the RNC and I say it to the this Party , you ’re gong to have a big problem , " because people do n’t like what ’s happening . " We ’re supposed to be a democracy , " he added . Trump You vote and the vote means something . " " I have millions of votes more than Cruz , " Cruz charged . Trump It ’s not right , folks . " " It ’s not It to you people , " he said , Trump , " They ’re taking your vote away . " 
 