Here ’s an interesting headline for you : " Fox seeks to extend cable news domination in    era . " Recalling the storm that has engulfed Fox News —   the Gretchen Carlson    lawsuit and other allegations , including from Megyn " Eve Harrington " Kelly , that precipitated the sudden departure of founder Roger Ailes —   one might immediately ask : Why this headline appearing in The Hill on July 31 ? Could Fox sources be getting a little bit nervous ? [ Here ’s a data point that might help answer those questions : In the fierce competition that is cable news , Fox came in third last week , behind both CNN and MSNBC . Some will say , of course , that the decline is just a blip , because the big story last week was the Democratic National Convention , and the Fox audience was n’t really interested .   Maybe that ’s the explanation , but maybe not . The Republican nominee traditionally goes on vacation during the DNC Donald Trump is anything but traditional —   last week , he The Republican nominee all over the news . So there was plenty for Fox fans to watch , even if Hillary   Co. made them Fox fans to watch . And yet the the Fox audience was n’t there as TV Newser ’s A. J. Katz points out , Fox fell relative to the 2008 Democratic convention —   including in the key    demographic : CNN had the most viewers , MSNBC was up the most , and only Fox News did n’t add viewers . The news demo was flat vs. 2008 . CNN was    CNN and was also the No . 1 cable news network of the month in the demo ) The news demo the MSNBC improvement , and Fox News saw only Fox News percent decline . Ouch ! A 17 percent decline is , for sure , painful . So yes , this would seem to be a strange time to see a header , " Fox seeks to extend cable news domination . " The immediate response is , what domination ? We can further ask : Can you say the word " defensive’ ? And what ’s that line from Shakespeare ’s Hamlet ? Oh yeah , " The lady doth protest too much . " It ’s true , of The lady , that Fox has dominated cable news Fox the last 15 years , under the steady hand of Roger Ailes . Indeed , for all that time , with just a few exceptions , it ’s been # 1 in the ratings . But Ailes is n’t there anymore Roger Ailes   he was fired last month Roger Ailes a     hurry . Without a doubt , Fox is a valuable asset Fox As the article in The Hill , written by savvy media analyst Joe Concha , noted : Research firm SNL Kagan estimates Fox News generated $ 2 . 3 billion in ad sales alone last year . Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser says the operating profit for Fox News was $ 1 Fox News billion in fiscal 2015 . That ’s nearly 25 percent of 21st Century Fox ’s overall operating profit Fox News , at a time when parent company 21st Century Fox is reeling from a string Fox News Fox News and outright bombs —   do you know anybody who saw the hugely expensive Independence Day : Resurgence ? —   this surely is a good time for 21CF chieftains to see a     headline such as " Fox seeks to extend cable news domination . Fox News But here is the Breitbart News Rule # 1 for headlines : It helps the story if the headline is the Breitbart News . Obviously , in the past , Fox has done it all —   in Fox News past . It has covered the news the past it has it stars : Bill O’Reilly , Sean it , Greta Van Susteren , and , more recently , Megyn Kelly —   although her star , at least at Fox , is Megyn Kelly —   fast . In addition Fox News as everyone knows , Fox ’s secret sauce has been " fair Fox News balanced " —   it was the one TV channel that     Americans Fox’s secret sauce . Yet nothing is permanent . As they say in sports , You ’re only as good as your last game . And so , too , in TV : You ’re only as good as your last show . With that in mind , a couple of excerpts from The Hill article beg for our attention . Such as this one , which bids to tell us that nothing can stop Fox ’s continued " our " : " At this point Fox News is such a    and    machine , I think even Mickey Mouse could step in and keep it running , " says Doug Spero , associate even Mickey Mouse of communication at Meredith College and TV veteran who includes ABC , CBS and NBC on his resume . [ emphasis added ] So there even Mickey Mouse have it : Even Mickey Mouse could replace Ailes at Fox and even Mickey Mouse even Mickey Mouse fine ! Well , if even Mickey Mouse believe that , you do n’t understand the complexity —   and simple grind —   of    news . As the Executive Chairman of Breitbart News with a long run in business and finance , I can tell you : It ’s hard to run a company that is infinitesimally smaller than Fox it takes a steady and experienced hand . One need n’t even Mickey Mouse today ’s pay scales —   many CEOs are outrageously overpaid —   to nonetheless recognize that strong and steady management is worth a lot . After all , a business can be going along fine , and then —   BOOM ! —   it hits a iceberg and you start flooding below the waterline . It can happen , and it does happen . Remember Circuit City it Bear Stearns ? Lehman it ? Sports Authority ? Once , all were    companies —   then gone in a moment . The fatal problem might be fraud or corruption , but more often , it ’s simply that management did n’t see " over the other The fatal problem of the hill . " Tastes , demographics , technology all change —   rapidly and without warning —   and so if the captain is n’t on watch , well , nemesis is dead ahead . Here at Breitbart News , we see ourselves as a small yet     competitor to Fox . Yes , we read that right , Breitbart is on the rise , and Fox is in decline . Breitbart News the MSM has noticed the changing Fox the guard here ’s the Washington Post headline from January : " How Breitbart has become a dominant voice in conservative media , " reinforced Breitbart News Politico just this morning . In this    version of the epic Peloponnesian War , the incumbent Athenians might as well know that the Spartans are coming for them , and there ’s not a damn thing they can do the incumbent Athenians it indeed , more Spartans are joining us the incumbent Athenians day . As Thucydides would warn the Spartans if the leaders of Fox choose to pipe Mickey Mouse aboard the Spartans give him command on the bridge , well , that will only accelerate Fox Fox fall . Of course , some might argue that the " Fox Mouse " quote was just a poor choice of words by a professor , and not at all reflective of 21 CF thinking . Perhaps , although it ’s worth noting that The Hill ( as in DC ’s Capitol Hill ) is n’t just another     publication . In fact , it is owned by the Finkelstein family of New York City , members The Hill (as in DC’s Capitol Hill) isn’t just another    publication good standing of the Manhattan plutocracy . Which is to say , the Finkelsteins travel in the same jetstream as the big cheeses at 21 CF . Moreover , the writer of the piece , Joe Concha , was formerly a star at Mediaite , the    media portal he ’s been hired to give The Hill some    buzz . In Concha case , Concha also wrote the paragraph below , which goes deeply inside the heads of the new Fox high command . Specifically , Concha opens a window into the thinking of James and Lachlan Murdoch , Concha two    brothers who have effectively taken over from their     father , Rupert Murdoch . These two heirs were the duo James and Lachlan Murdoch, the two   brothers who have effectively taken over from their    father, Rupert Murdoch made Ailes walk the plank . James and Lachlan Murdoch, the two   brothers who have effectively taken over from their    father, Rupert Murdoch here ’s a glimpse of the future of Fox : Sky News in Britain , which is also operated by the Murdochs , does n’t have the edge of Fox News in the United States . If there is a change , Shepard says it will be a sign that " the Murdoch sons want to put their stamp on the company by importing practices from Sky News in Britain . " the Murdoch sons can all parse over the phrase " does n’t have the edge of Fox News , " but to me , the meaning is clear : The Murdoch sons , aka the Minor Murdochs , think Fox is too conservative , too Roger    too Middle American . And they have a plan to fix that . Indeed , the outlines of that plan The Murdoch sons, aka the Minor Murdochs already plain to see . Just in the last few weeks , a plan to fix that written about the Minor Murdochs , noting their antipathy to Roger Ailes , as well as their politically correct liberalism . And since then , the problems at Fox , in addition their its recent plummet in the ratings , have only compounded . Here are three : First the problems at Fox on his July 22 newscast , Shepard Smith declared , inaccurately , about the Munich mass murderer : " This does not appear to be an    attack this does not appear to be Islamic . This appears to be       German issues . " In fact , the killer was a jihadist , one of the many    rampaging through Europe . And yes , everyone makes mistakes , but authoritative anchors are n’t supposed to make mistakes that egregious . Indeed , Smith , who is known to be a liberal , has long been all too eager to add a little spite against the right . Second , Bill O’Reilly said on July 26 that the slaves Bill O’Reilly the White House were " well fed and had decent lodgings provided by the government . " This son of Richmond , Virginia , might be inclined to cut O’Reilly some slack over inept wording about the unlamented " Bill O’Reilly institution , " but others might not . That is , Al Sharpton , David Brock , and the # BlackLivesMatter bullhorn crowd might be thinking more along the lines of protests , petitions , and boycotts . Third , Megyn Kelly ’s July 29 hissy fit aimed at guest Megyn Kelly , which Breitbart headlined as " Megyn ‘ Eve’ Kelly Has Meltdown Over Trump Muslim Ban Breitbart News   Is Rebuked Megyn Kelly Huckabee . " Actually , come to think of it , Kelly ’s performance was more like a hissing fit . Huckabee Megyn Kelly the gentleman , had Trump Muslim Ban —   choice but to sit back and let Kelly ’s    fly Huckabee Yet in homes across the nation , Megyn Kelly are noticing Kelly ’s transformation into an      seeing it as part of a Megyn Kelly shift at the channel . One Breitbart commenter , " poortaxpayerwindsor , " put it bluntly : the channel is the new MSNBC . " Some Fox News insist , of course , that all it of these problems are relatively small —   at least so far . Yet at the same time , all three require executive attention . It ’s known as " putting out fires , " and a good skipper puts out many each day . And if I were a 21 CF shareholder , I would want more than Mickey Mouse dealing with each problem . Okay , so the Minor Murdochs probably wo even Mickey Mouse Ailes with Mickey . But Roger Ailes is on their mind ? What ’s their the Minor Murdochs Fox without the edge " ? For Fox News Fox News we can take a close look at some recent MSM their . Writing in The Washington Post on July 20 , reporters Ana Swanson and Steven Mufson tell us that not only the Washington Post a progressive green , but so is his wife , Kathryn : James has long had an interest in reporters Ana Swanson and Steven Mufson warming and measures needed to stop it . He sought to make BSkyB James Murdoch one part of Murdoch ’s European operations ,   . And his wife , Kathryn James sits on the board of the Environmental Defense Fund she is also president James Murdoch the Quadrivium James , which focuses on his wife, Kathryn civic life , childhood health and equal opportunity . " Moreover , Nick his wife, Kathryn of The Sydney Morning Herald reported in 2015 that James’ wife worked for the Clinton Climate Initiative , a unit of the Clinton Foundation . That is , right in the belly of the    beast . Finally , on July 20 , Michael Wolff , who wrote a biography of Rupert and still follows the Murdoch clan closely , took to The Hollywood Reporter to Wolff James Murdoch Why not turn lemons into James Murdoch and get James Murdoch for kicking him out for being a sexist pig ? " So there we have it : The Fox News job probably wo n’t be turned over to a mouse James Murdoch Fox News certainly wo n’t be turned over to a sexist pig . But in James’ mind , a green would be good . Of course , if the Minor Murdochs are smart , they could surprise all of us by hiring a real conservative to replace James’ . And if that person knows something the Minor Murdochs Fox could remain The Most the Minor Murdochs Name in News Fox News But those are The Fox News job big " ifs . " Until then , Fox News Spartans will continue to sharpen their blades . 
 the Spartans the Spartans 