So Jeb is done . It was an easy call , as Jeb was never even competitive . [ And many inside the beltway are stunned . Karl Rove is no doubt stunned . Oh maybe not recently stunned   —    as it was widely believed that South Carolina would end South Carolina for Jeb most of this past week . But for many months prior , the establishment had assumed Jeb would eventually rise to the top . Jeb was their inevitable one . All of this Trump and Cruz stuff was just a distraction until people got serious .   Trump and Cruz were wrong   …     . so so wrong . Trump and Cruz were   . And most of us knew it from day one . These wizards are the followers of the conventional wisdom   —    and conventional wisdom is almost never right in politics . The conventional wisdom had Jeb winning the nomination much like Romney did four years ago . Romney had the money , the experience , the resume and the name . Oh , and it was Romney turn . I did not ever think that however . I predicted that Romney campaign would be a     —     and that ’s literally how his campaign turned out . Romney never really even got started . Romney raised over a hundred mill , but never got out of the gate . his campaign is likely the poorest return on the donor dollar in all of political history . To me , this was an obvious fait accompli : the Republican electorate was not in the mood for another squishy establishment candidate this go round   —    and moreover   —    conservatives do not believe in or support political dynasties or elected royalty . With a country of 300 million , we do n’t need three Presidents from the same family . Period . Nobody outside the establishment wanted anything to do with another Bush . This was so obvious everywhere but Washington . And this This have been the case even if the first two had not been such a disaster in many ways . This is why it was never going to happen for Jeb . And then along came Donald Trump   —    and his Donald Trump  —    on the primary campaign was and is still massive . He Donald Trump  —    be unstoppable now in fact .   Trump Donald Trump  —    changed many things   —    maybe everything   —    and he Donald Trump  —    that perhaps many Americans hate the establishment more than they Americans their Americans held principles . Which is odd , because I always hated Washington because the DC system violated my principles   —    and I thought others did too . But that ’s a topic for another column . The subject now is that Trump ’s rise and Jeb ’s demise were self inflicted wounds   —    by the establishment   —    on the the establishment   There has never been the focus on the establishment the establishment   the donor class   —    the consultant class   —    the Washington Cartel   —    the elites   —    the House of Cards   —    as there is now . And Jeb Jeb exhibit A. So this is about Jeb Jeb but not just about Jeb Jeb This anger is why candidates like he Jeb John Kasich are at the bottom . It ’s why Chris This anger and Lindsey Graham are already gone . Hiring establishment consultants is perhaps why Scott Walker has been long gone . Stealth establishment secret agents Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum are also gone . ( Yes , that will ruffle some feathers , but I stand by my case . ) This loathing of the DC party is why the establishment has had Stealth establishment onto a man who came into prominence by kicking their tails in 2010 as their last resort . I their of course of Marco Rubio , who for all his warts , did us all a favor by exposing Charlie Crist and running him slap out of the Charlie Crist . Crist was an establishment golden Charlie Crist . Vain . Tan . Squishy and philosophically incoherent , Crist was a popular sitting Charlie Crist and a shoe in for the Senate until Rubio unmasked him . And yeah , Charlie Crist is also unmasked now Rubio but it ’s quite stunning that the powers that be have had to resort to supporting him . But back to Rubio anger and hatred . Mitch McConnell and John Boehner and Lindsey Graham and John McCain are now as much the enemy , if not more , than Barack Obama and Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi . How did this happen ? Consider : People throughout history have generally loathed turn coats and spies more than they ’ve hated enemy soldiers People throughout history —    and we ’re seeing that today with the Republican electorate . They so hate the Washington the Republican electorate insiders that most of the ire on talk radio and on the internet is directed at these turncoat Republicans . These same voters gave the Republicans mandates in 2010 these turncoat Republicans   —    and that mandate was to stop Obama . It was loud and clear , and the entire Democrat party nationally is almost hollowed out as a result . And yet , with Speaker Boehner and Majority Leader McConnell   leading the    the Republicans caved time and again these turncoat Republicans . Reince Preibus recently indicated that Obama party needed to show that it the entire Democrat party make Washington work " and the entire Democrat party . The GOP still lives in fear of two things above all else : A : being called racists and B : a government shutdown . The base is sick and tired of it . That ’s why they have pushed The base establishment candidates to the the entire Democrat party of the heap . This was bound to happen . It was always going to happen . Trump This magnified all of this , but Jeb was never going to be the nominee . No one thought Jeb 2016 was a good idea   — Jeb least   —    no one outside of Washington and the mind numbingly tone deaf and isolated from reality establishment . Edmund Wright is a contributor to Breitbart , American Thinker , Newsmax TV , Talk Radio Network and author of WTF ? How Karl Rove and the Establishment Lost   …     Again . This is the 14th Installment of   : The New Definition of the Republican Establishment . You can read the rest here . 
 