A Friday piece in Politico Magazine warns that a Hillary Clinton " fumble on trade " could give Donald Trump wins in Ohio , Wisconsin , and Michigan in a general election contest . [ In a piece entitled , " How Hillary Loses , " David S. Bernstein writes that the new polls showing Donald Trump of Hillary Clinton represent a " terrifying moment for Democrats . "   While Bernstein David S. Bernstein one should not read too much into the early polls , he David S. Bernstein that the polling numbers reveal that " there is now a clear path for Hillary Clinton to lose " the election . In particular , Bernstein David S. Bernstein that trade could win Trump Ohio , Wisconsin , and maybe Michigan . Bernstein David S. Bernstein warning in Politico echoes earlier concerns published by the liberal ,    Huffington Post , which similarly outlined how Trump ’s position on trade could deliver him Trump victory against Clinton . Bernstein David S. Bernstein : As soon as the votes were tallied in 2012 , Richard Trumka of the    and Mary Kay Henry of SEIU were claiming unions had delivered Obama ’s victory . They Richard Trumka of the   and Mary Kay Henry of SEIU , with justification , that Ohio , Wisconsin and Nevada got into the blue column because of a massive turnout effort from labor . But earlier this year , both Trumka and Henry Mary Kay Henry of SEIU concerns that Trump could flip that script . " Our members are responding to Trump Trump , " Henry Mary Kay Henry of SEIU in one interview . " Donald Trump Trump into the very real and very understandable anger of working people , " Trumka Trumka in a speech . It ’s not just that these workers are drawn to the raw emotion of Trump ’s " Trump ’ve been screwed " rhetoric . Polls show that union households tend to oppose free trade quite strongly . Sanders has made free trade a centerpiece of his primary campaign Sanders Clinton . Trump , hoping Trump woo Sanders voters , Sanders praises his position on Sanders issue . Union voters largely agree with Trump that trade Trump —   including those negotiated by Democratic Presidents Obama and Bill Clinton —   have taken their jobs away Union voters Hillary Clinton has Bill Clinton counter this attack in any meaningful way . Her history on trade Bill Clinton been careful and political , which has left her struggling to articulate Bill Clinton strong argument against Sanders , let alone Trump . While Trump Politico piece is overly generous on Clinton ’s record on Bill Clinton a more careful review of Clinton ’s record shows that Bill Clinton has she been hesitant to protect American Bill Clinton , but she has reflexively supported a trade Bill Clinton that would send the jobs of American workers overseas . Indeed , in recent weeks Trump has hammered Bill Clinton for signing NAFTA and Bill Clinton ’s entrance into the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) . The United States lost    of its manufacturing jobs in the    era The United States    i. e. the years following NAFTA ’s enactment and China ’s subsequent NAFTA the World Trade China in 2001 . Hillary the World Trade Organization proponent of NAFTA . Hillary Clinton also aggressively promoted the NAFTA S. trade pact with Hillary Clinton , which was fraudulently billed to the American people as a deal which would dramatically boost American exports to South Korea . However , in the three years following the deal South Korea , our trade deficit with South Korea had nearly a deal which would dramatically boost American exports to South Korea S. exports to South Korea barely South Korea while imports had U. S. According to the Economic Policy South Korea in the three years following the deal ’s enactment , the growing goods trade deficits with Korea eliminated more the three years following the deal’s enactment Colombian free trade the deal’s enactment book Clinton Cash , Peter Schweizer follows the trail of money and exposes Clinton ’s ties to a major Clinton Foundation donor who supported the trade pact . Most Clinton , Clinton played a Clinton in promoting the    Partnership ( TPP ) Clinton 2012 , Clinton said that TPP " set the gold the Colombian free trade agreement agreements " —   Clinton declaration that her opponent Bernie Sanders frequently highlights to Democratic primary voters . In 2012 , Clinton told the Chamber of Commerce that she was " hoping we can finalize the [ TPP ] Clinton this year    …      and then watch it take off . " Clinton ’s decision to promote the TPP Clinton her underlying support for the international structures that underpin trade globalism . In other words , a politician can look at this year    text of Clinton product of a trade deal and say Clinton she would like to see tweaks to certain provisions of the deal however , someone who fundamentally opposes the idea of binding the nation to an international commission would not be able to support the a politician in any form —   a point that was a trade deal Sen. Sessions in his 2016 candidates questionnaire , which received response from only one presidential candidate . Clinton ’s aggressive boosting of the TPP illustrates her support for international governing structures , in which foreign countries are given equal someone who fundamentally opposes the idea of binding the nation to an international commission to determining aspects of U. S. economic policy and decision making . As Sessions has pointed out , the TPP global governing Clinton established by the TPP —   which Sessions describes as a " Pacific Union " akin to the European Union —    " the Sultan of Brunei would have an equal vote to that of the United States . the TPP continues to explain how    voters’ opposition to Clinton ’s trade agenda could hurt her in the general election : It ’s not hard to see how quickly this could start costing her Electoral College votes in the Rust Belt , where Trump hopes to improve on past Republican performance .    Clinton      In Ohio , for example , 22 percent of 2012 voters came from union households , Clinton 60 percent of them voted for Obama . In Wisconsin , a similar share of the electorate voted     for Obama over Romney . In 2016 , both states went for Sanders over Clinton in their primaries . In Pennsylvania , voters Trump is planning a major effort , union households provided Obama more than half his net Obama . Yet beyond just union voters , polling data suggests that this issue will both states Trump support amongst broad swaths of the American electorate —   as he saw during the Obama primary . Indeed Trump as Breitbart News reported two weeks prior to Indiana ’s primary contest in which Trump knocked out Trump remaining Republican primary opponents , trade was a central issue to Trump race . Polling data shows that Republican voters are the group most skeptical of trade globalism —   a fact that has Trump unrecognized by Trump leaders , as well as professional Republicans in the # NeverTrump movement . Pew found that only a vanishing 11 percent of Republican voters believe that    " " will raise wages . By a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe that    " free trade " depresses wages , rather than increases wages , and by a greater than     margin , Republican voters believe that " free trade " will kill jobs , not create them . Yet despite polling data , Republican Party leaders worked tirelessly to give President Obama expanded trade powers . In fact , last year , Paul Ryan    an    with Sen. Ted Cruz promoting both fast jobs executive authority and the TPP . Moreover , GOP Party leaders continue to oppose Trump ’s trade platform . As The Washington Post has reported , Paul Ryan has indicated he will not include Trump ’s trade platform in the House GOP ’s 2017 policy agenda Republican Party House Speaker , whose views on foreign trade and foreign migration more closely resemble Clinton ’s than Paul Ryan    , has yet Paul Ryan    endorse the presumptive Trump’s . Similarly , some of the most prominent members of the # NeverTrump movement —   such as Jamie Weinstein and Mark Levin —   argue that Trump ’s plan Trump’s out to    voters on trade will doom conservatism and the nation . In a recent piece , Levin worried aloud about Trump ’s efforts to reach out to Trump Democrats . Interestingly , Democrats have echoed Trump’s fears they are concerned that Trump ’s the nation on trade will Trump to the    voters with whom Romney and Ryan were Mark Levin able to connect Trump’s Romney Paul Ryan    Trump’s Mark Levin Mark Levin Democrats 