Breitbart News has cancelled Milo Yiannopoulos’ tour stop in Sweden this week after a security evaluation showed a significant threat to Milo Yiannopoulos’ life . [ Yiannopoulos was scheduled to lead a gay pride march through one of Sweden ’s Muslim ghettos , however following an intensive security review and threat assessment by Breitbart News ’s security team , comprised of former Navy SEALs and intelligence community operatives , Breitbart News has been forced to cancel the trip .   The security analysis found significant potential threats against Milo , especially in light of the recent wave of Muslim terror attacks across Europe . " After a briefing by our security team and a review of the situation in Sweden , Breitbart News has cancelled Milo ’s appearance at the Pride Järva parade on Wednesday , July 27 . Despite Milo’s request to honor Milo commitment we are not confident that we we ensure Milo safety , " said Executive Chairman of Breitbart News , Stephen K. Bannon . " His Milo of unique cultural warfare is too valuable to risk it in His brand of unique cultural warfare    situations . Milo Milo dozens of death threats from Muslims , many of them in dozens of death threats from Muslims , every day across his Milo social media accounts , " he Milo . " The frequency of these threats has been increasing recently . " Jan Sjunnesson , the organizer of the pride parade , added , " I regret Milo Milo not be appearing , but understand the circumstances . Last year we experienced yelling and rock throwing with a group of 20 marchers . The Muslim reaction to a larger group with a person like Milo Milo would be more severe . I do feel conditions are largely due to the police ’s strategies and policies within the Muslim neighborhoods . " Last week , Breitbart News also discovered that an involved group in the march was forced to withdraw from the event , citing " political controversy . " " Breitbart found Breitbart News what I already suspected , that Sweden is no longer a safe place for a prominent gay man to speak out . In my opinion the security assessment would be the same in Germany and almost as bad in France , " commented Yiannopoulos . " The question is : how long will it be until gay pride is a safety risk in London ? " he questioned Breitbart News " Personally I am most interested in gay Americans recognizing the existential threat that Islam represents and supporting candidates like Donald Trump intent on not repeating Europe ’s globalist mistakes . " Milo and Breitbart will work together to find a suitable gay pride event in a safer location , or to reschedule the Stockholm march if the risk in Sweden decreases . Additional information on future events will be released when available . A full press release is copied below . NEW YORK , July 25 , 2016   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ’s planned trip to Sweden this Sweden to participate in " Pride Järva , " a gay pride parade through Stockholm ’s Stockholm ghetto , has been cancelled , following an intensive security review and threat assessment by Breitbart ’s security team , comprised of former United States Navy SEALs and Intelligence community operatives . The security analysis found significant potential threats against Milo , especially in light of the recent wave of Muslim terror attacks across Europe . Stephen K. Bannon , Executive Chairman of Breitbart News , commented : " After a briefing by our security team and a review of the situation in Sweden , Breitbart News Breitbart News Milo ’s appearance at the Pride Järva parade on Wednesday , July 27 . Despite Milo ’s request Milo’s his commitment , Milo are not our that we could ensure our safety . Milo brand of Milo cultural warfare is too valuable to risk it in potentially    His brand of unique cultural warfare . Milo receives dozens Milo death threats from Muslims , many of them in Arabic , dozens of death threats from Muslims day across his various social Milo accounts . The frequency of these threats has been increasing recently . " Jan Sjunnesson , the organizer of the pride parade , added " I regret Milo will not Milo appearing , but understand the circumstances . Last year we experienced yelling and rock throwing with a group of 20 marchers . The Muslim reaction to a larger group with a person like Milo involved would Milo more severe . I do feel conditions are largely due to the police ’s strategies and policies within the Muslim neighborhoods . " Milo also commented Milo the cancellation , saying : " Breitbart found out what I already suspected , that Sweden is no longer a safe place for a prominent gay man to speak out . In my opinion , the security assessment would be the same in Germany and almost as bad in France . " The question is : how long will it be until gay pride is a safety risk in London ? Personally I am most interested in gay Americans recognizing the existential threat that Islam represents and supporting candidates like Donald Trump intent on not repeatingEurope ’s globalist mistakes . I will now go to DNC to wake up the Democratic establishment . The Democrat Party and Hillary Clinton are putting the lives of gays and all Americans in jeopardy by denying the reality of radical Islam . " Milo and Breitbart will work together to find a suitable gay pride event in a safer location , or to reschedule the Stockholm march if the risk in Sweden decreases . Additional information on future events will be released when available . As always , visit breitbart .   for Breitbart by and about Milo Yiannopoulos . About Breitbart : Founded Breitbart by conservative icon Andrew Breitbart , Breitbart News Network , with its 180 million page views Breitbart News Network 29 million unique visitors per month , is the biggest source of breaking news and analysis ,    commentary , and original reporting curated and written specifically for the new generation of independent and conservative thinkers . About Milo Yiannopoulos : Milo is Breitbart ’s Tech and Social conservative icon Andrew Breitbart , as well as a prominent columnist and one of the most    commentators on internet culture . He has been on the vanguard Milo the brewing culture war between the LGBT community and Islam in the west , including delivering a speech at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando , seen by millions . Milo was permanently banned from Twitter Milo an LGBT conservative party at the Republican National Convention , resulting in a doubling of Google searches on his name . SOURCE Breitbart News Milo 