Over the past 30 years , presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and several of Donald Trump businesses have been involved in an estimated 3 , 500 legal actions in both federal and state courts , according to an analysis by USA Today . [ " presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and several of his businesses range from skirmishes with casino patrons to    real estate suits to personal defamation lawsuits , " USA Today notes , adding the number of lawsuits " is unprecedented for a presidential nominee . "   Just since he announced his he a year ago , at least 70 new cases have been filed , about evenly divided between lawsuits filed by him he his he and those filed against them at least 70 new cases And the records review found at least 50 civil lawsuits remain open even as he he toward claiming the nomination at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in seven weeks . On Tuesday , court documents were released in one of the most dramatic current cases , filed in California by former students accusing Trump University of fraudulent and misleading behavior . USA Today ’s analysis revealed Trump Trump University his Trump University settled with roughly 100 plaintiffs who mostly claimed to have been physically injured on his Trump University . General counsel for the Trump Organization , Alan Garten , explains the volume of lawsuits as the " cost of doing business . " " I think we have far less litigation of companies of our we , " Garten Alan Garten . USA Today notes : However , even by those measures , the number of cases in which Trump is involved is extraordinary . For comparison , USA USA Today the legal involvement for five top    business executives : Edward DeBartolo ,    developer    former San Francisco 49ers owner Donald Bren , Irvine Company chairman and owner Stephen Ross , Time Warner Center developer Sam Zell , Chicago    magnate and Larry Silverstein , a New York developer famous for his involvement in the World Trade Center properties . To maintain an     comparison , only actions that used the developers’ names were included . The analysis found Trump has been involved in more legal skirmishes than all five of the others   —    combined . " Our philosophy is that we are Our company of principle , " Garten added . " When we believe Our are Our the right , we are Our to pursue the matter to the end . If that requires that we go Our trial and present evidence to a jury , we are Our to do so . We are Our going to cave to pressure . " Experts say the fact that Trump is still currently involved in several disputes as he nears Trump presidency   —    along with the significant volume of litigation   —    raise questions about whether or not he can Trump lead the United States . " Somebody like Lyndon Johnson was a guy who woke up in the morning studying the decisions and the hopes and the strengths and the weaknesses of all the people he had Lyndon Johnson influence , " Stanford professor and author Jeffrey Pfeffer stated . Pfeffer analyzed Jeffrey Pfeffer " For that , you need two traits I think Trump lacks : Number one , an attention to detail , and number two , you have to subordinate your own ego . I ’ve seen nothing from Trump that Trump he has Jeffrey Pfeffer capacity , and government is the art of compromise . " 
 