On Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily , University of Maryland business Professor Peter Morici told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow that Democrats’ constant allegations of racism and sexism   —    while they , and institutions they dominate , systematically discriminate against white males   —    were a major reason Donald Trump was able to defeat Hillary Clinton . [ " The Democratic Party   —    and Hillary Clinton , a great champion of this   —    has been advocating that every group in America practice identity politics , except white heterosexual males , " said Professor Morici .    " Now , for the metrosexuals that live in New York City and go to Columbia University and get jobs on Wall Street and make lots of money , ["The Democratic Party  —   and Hillary Clinton, a great champion of this  —    can afford to ignore it and just say , ‘ Well , you know , I live a privileged life . This is the price of doing it.’ But you know , if you ’re a mother with two sons in Michigan and the factory ’s closed and your husband ’s unemployed , and you send your kids to the public schools and your kids confront a    machine to keep down white males , you ’re gon na vote the other way . This was a motherhood issue as much as anything else , " your husband said . " That ’s why she did n’t get those women voters among folks that had not graduated college in those parts of the country . she form of feminism discriminates against Her form of feminism sons . Her form of feminism ’s racist . Her form of feminism ’s sexist . My university practices Her form of feminism . Just about every university in the country practices it Her form of feminism " Morici lamented . " For example , do you know that 60 percent of the college graduates are females ? Now , if we just had wrapped up eight years of Donald Trump and that was the case [ in reverse ] they we just had wrapped up eight years of Donald Trump and that was the case [in reverse be screaming bloody murder that he Donald Trump n’t using the Department of Education to level the playing field , " he Donald Trump .   " Instead , the the Department of Education systematically pushing universities to further bias the system against boys , and it does it very the Department of Education very the Department of Education . More boys drop out of high school , fewer go to college , fewer graduate , and so it goes , " the Department of Education said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 