Columnist Charles Krauthammer stated that the CNN Republican debate in Miami " [ T]he kind of thing that would have been needed , to slow down the Trump train , simply did n’t happen " and was one where Columnist Charles Krauthammer got the impression that " the Trump opponents , had run out of bullets " on Thursday ’s " Kelly File " on the Fox News Channel after the debate .   Columnist Charles Krauthammer said , " [ T]he kind of thing that would have been needed , to slow down the Trump train , simply did n’t happen tonight . It looked as if they took the same advice , perhaps the pressure of the media , perhaps when Marco Rubio spoke with you , Megyn , when yesterday , when he said Marco Rubio regretted Marco Rubio taking his attacks Marco Rubio little bit too far . They thought his attacks was hurting them . his attacks was it necessarily hurting Trump . I think the only hope for these candidates , starting from about a couple weeks ago was to go after Trump himself Trump go after the weak elements in his past , Trump tried that these candidates the last two debates , and decided it was n’t working . So we got a lot of words . We got a we of , you know , substantive , to some extent , but there was n’t anything really new here . And if you ’re Cruz , particularly if you ’re Rubio or Kasich , I think it was an opportunity missed . This is not a turning point . I do n’t think it ’s going to be a deflection point , in the trajectory of this campaign . " He added , " [ Y]ou get the impression watching them , that this campaign guys on the stage , the Trump opponents , had run out of bullets . They tried it this campaign , in the early debates , trying to best him on policy He which they do . this campaign guys know this campaign thoroughly . this campaign ’re very eloquent this campaign They ’ve been in this campaign debates for decades the early debates is new to Trump . That was Trump evident in the early debates . But the early debates hurt Trump . So , Trump month ago or so they decided they ’re this campaign to this campaign it another way , Trump ’re going to this campaign after him , his weaknesses Trump make Trump personal , get Trump there , in the trenches , and they concluded , I this campaign , from watching tonight , that ’s not going to work , either . So they ’re now reverting this campaign The problem is is that the train is moving . At the beginning of this campaign , it was a reasonable strategy to say I can do better on substance . I ’ll try it , and perhaps , I ’ll it ahead , but that did n’t work . So I do n’t know what their strategy is . this campaign Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 