Is billionaire and Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump a conservative , or not ? [ Fox News’ Jesse Watters has made the best possible case that Jesse Watters is .   " Come on , let ’s talk about Jesse Watters conservative principles on the three core issues Donald J. Trump a conservative is about immigration , national security and jobs . He Jesse Watters the most conservative guy out there and he Jesse Watters setting the agenda , " Watters Jesse Watters on Friday , responding to National Review‘s    manifesto . He Jesse Watters have added a few others , like guns . But that ’s not quite convincing enough for many conservatives . Trump Donald J. Trump a conservative vehemence about his Donald J. Trump a conservative should not , and does not , obscure the fact that they are , for the most part , very new . This is a man , after all , who criticized 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney for using the term " " because it was " . " That was , for those keeping track , one election ago . Now Trump wants all Muslims barred . ( Ahem . ) True , Trump Trump been willing to sacrifice his Trump brand for the sake of his Trump conservative posture —   a sign that he Trump serious . But let us stipulate , for argument ’s sake , that Trump Trump a " mixed record on conservatism , " as my colleague Ben Shapiro put it rather diplomatically . There are many conservatives who still support him Trump , and there is a real conservative case for Trump Trump And I say this as an observer who has been skeptical of Trump Trump the start . The Buckley rule . William F. Buckley , Jr. whom Trump Trump to defend " New York values , " urged conservatives to support the most conservative candidate who can win . And Trump Trump be the only one , in an election that will decide the Supreme Court ’s future . Whatever the     polls say on any given day , unless she Trump indicted , Hillary Clinton is likely to win this year . She Hillary Clinton the Electoral College in her Hillary Clinton , and the media on her Hillary Clinton . Only Trump shown the daring necessary to challenge Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton advantages . Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) who in theory is the most " electable " Republican in the field , for example , declined to target Clinton over Hillary Clinton role Hillary Clinton her husband Hillary Clinton scandals . Trump , Trump contrast , released an ad featuring not only Monica Lewinsky , but also Anthony Weiner . He claims Trump for Hillary ’s Hillary Clinton in the polls against Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and he is Trump right . Other candidates —   Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , for one —   looked amazing on paper but failed to connect with voters in practice . Cruz , Trump ’s closest rival , may yet win Iowa , and has the ability to contest every primary , but has renewed doubts about his ability Trump win a general election after his " Trump York values " attack . Trump , Trump , has    the " Reagan Democrats , " the Holy Grail of Republican politics . He may Trump the only hope . The consequentialist case . Trump ’s Trump conservatism is not what he believes Trump but what his election Trump do , regardless of his own Trump . For one thing , as I have argued before , the fact that there is such strong conservative opposition to Trump , as Trump as a fervent desire among establishment Republicans to be seen opposing him ( Trump if they do say establishment Republicans prefer him establishment Republicans Trump ) means that if he won Trump Congress might finally stand up to the executive branch . That is why the possible excesses of a Trump presidency are Trump fearsome than many think . Much of what he says he wants to he may be unwise ( e. g. 45 % tariffs on China ) or unconstitutional ( e. g. broad surveillance of mosques ) . But Trump will enjoy Trump deference from a Republican Congress than Obama has , and will have no help at all from the mainstream media . That should please constitutional conservatives who want to restore the balance of powers . Moreover , just by winning the nomination , Trump will have Trump the conservative cause . While he may have Trump    views in the past , Trump has largely Trump running to the right , at least in the primary , affirming the power of the conservative base and conservative principles in an election cycle where the original favorite began by promising to ignore them . A the original favorite that rewards converts even more than stalwarts is    to expand . Even if he does not win , a Trump loss would Trump less damaging to the conservative cause than a loss by any other . If an"establishment " candidate wins the primary , but loses to Clinton , the GOP ’s conservative base will give up hope . If a conservative , like Cruz , loses in the general , the establishment will start the purge it has been the establishment to launch . But a Trump loss would Trump be seen as a    from which both conservatives and the GOP might the GOP’s The importance of victory . But enough about losing . A Trump win would Trump a galvanizing effect on American politics and the American public , much as Andrew Jackson ’s win did in 1828 , restoring a sense that voters , and not Washington elites , rule . Many conservatives —   even at the National Review —   support him precisely because he is determined to him up a system in which the status quo is not guided by conservative values but cronyism . Conservatism is pessimistic about human nature , but optimistic about life . The radical left depends on hopelessness , while conservatism thrives on happiness . Barack Obama ’s victory in 2008 was , in a sense , the last achievement of his failed presidency , Barack Obama still depends on casting America as a nation in crisis . A Trump win would not , by itself , " make A Trump win great again . America but it would urge Americans A Trump win believe that we still have the answers within . 
 