LOS ANGELES , California   —    Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) spoke at a town hall meeting on immigration reform at the Casa del Mexicano on Saturday , where he was embraced by members of the local Hispanic community . [ " Welcome to Oaxacafornia , " said a Oaxacan woman , referring to the impoverished region of Mexico from which many immigrants come .   Sanders began by speaking about Friendship Park on the   . S. border in San Diego , calling it " a very sad fence . The fence and the screening is so tight that the only contact a husband and wife and mother and child can have is by sticking the only contact a husband and wife and mother and child fingers through the screen . " Sanders promised that if Sanders becomes president , " we will end the current ,    deportation politics in this country    …      The majority of the American people want comprehensive immigration reform . " A little girl in the audience shouted out , " Bernie ? " and Bernie turned to A little girl in the audience and said " yes , sweetheart . " Bernie turned and pointed in A little girl in the audience direction and told the audience that he Bernie to see the youth succeed . The United Steel Workers Local 675 and the Nurses Union were also present to support Sanders . " Bernie Bernie    and he Bernie better with immigrants , we feel , " Moises Hernandez , 25 , told Breitbart News . Union members said their Union members about a Donald Trump presidency stemmed from a fear that he Donald Trump " want to take out the National Labor Relations Board . " Congressman Raúl Grijalva ( ) was a special guest on the panel as well . He Congressman Raúl Grijalva ( ) the reason immigration reform had not occurred in President Barack Obama ’s first 100 days in office as he Congressman Raúl Grijalva ( ) promised is " because it was lower on the priority list not only to our Congress , but also to our our administration . " A Mexican woman named Betty also spoke on the panel . She A Mexican woman named Betty the crowd that she A Mexican woman named Betty hopeful when the conversation about immigration reform takes place . She A Mexican woman named Betty that after 30 years , " I ’ve been living in this country for more time than I lived in my home country . I deserve to be here   …      I ’m scared . I do n’t have nothing . " She A Mexican woman named Betty Sanders what he Sanders going to do to stop the deportations . " Our immigration policy should be to unite families , not divide families , " Sanders Sanders her A Mexican woman named Betty " Number 1 , we will end the current deportation policies . Number 2 , we we fight for comprehensive immigration reform . " He Sanders her A Mexican woman named Betty " You have been in this country for 30 years , you are an American in every sense . And if my colleagues , the Republicans in the House , refuse to do the right thing , we we use all our we options to install immigration rights using the executive powers , " he Sanders . Sanders Sanders addressed prison reform . " I know many of you are concerned about our criminal justice system And you should be , it is a broken system . We we 2 . 2 . million people , disproportionately African America , Latino and Native American " in prisons , Sanders Sanders . " As a nation , we should invest in our young people in jobs and education , not jails and incarceration . " He Sanders said that he Sanders to end corporate ownership of prisons because " if you ’re a business that owns a jail , your job is to get more people into jail   …     . our your job be to keep people out of jail . " He Sanders repeated his Sanders to make community college tuition free , taxing Wall Street speculation , or profits , in order to pay for it . " This is not a radical idea , " he Sanders . " You now who much it costs This go to college in Chile ? Zero    …      Scandinavia ? Zero , " Sanders told the crowd . " These countries Scandinavia in their children and Scandinavia future and Scandinavia should do the same . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 