New tracking poll information from Reuters confirms Donald Trump as the frontrunner , but also breathes new life into the Jeb Bush campaign . As on Tuesday , Jeb Bush had moved into third place nationally , with 10 . 6 percent support . [ Bush Jeb Bush Marco Rubio by almost 4 points as Rubio has dropped into 5th place nationally . Since the first regular day of the New Year , January 4th , Bush Jeb Bush climbed more than 3 points while Rubio Rubio lost 1 point .   Donald Trump continues to lead the GOP field with 39 percent support , down slightly for the week , but still far ahead of the other Republican candidates . Ted Cruz remains in second with 14 . 5 percent support , up three points since the first of the year . Ben Carson is 4th with 9 . 6 percent support , continuing his Ben Carson from the end of 2015 . Bush has clearly benefited from his Bush PAC ’s spending millions on TV advertising as voting nears . Organizations supporting his Bush have spent far more than any other campaign on TV advertising . The second highest spending campaign , however , has been Marco Rubio . His his campaign in fact , is currently spending more in Iowa than all the other campaigns combined . Bush has concentrated more of his resources Bush New Hampshire . There are three main    from this latest polling info : 1 . Donald Trump continues to dominate the Republican field , earning more support than the next three candidates combined . 2 . Cruz has supplanted Carson in 2nd place for the nomination . Carson ’s Carson fall over the past two months has generally benefited Cruz . Cruz , the third point is that the establishment " lane " for an alternative to Trump or Cruz is Cruz wide open . Rubio has failed to consolidate the more mainstream elements of the Republican party and has separated himself from Rubio or even Chris Christie and John Kasich . Bush heads Bush the Republican debate in Charleston Thursday with new signs of life . Rubio needs Rubio have a big performance on Thursday or Thursday risks Rubio squeezed out by an increasingly crowded field in the middle of the pack . 
 