Duck Commander ’s Phil Robertson and Dave Bossie were    guests for Thursday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to talk about the film Torchbearer , which SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon said was made to " unite people , particularly to unite conservatives . " The film stars Phil Robertson , with Dave Bossie as director and Bannon as writer . [ " It ’s real simple , " said Phil Robertson , adding :   When you forget God , and you allow men to determine right , wrong , good , evil , what your life is worth   —    look , why do n’t we try this in America ? Because everyone ’s looking around saying what in the world ’s going on ? we ’re shooting the police , and people are in Chicago , killing three or four thousand people in the last decade . Why do n’t we try this : do not murder , and just say , do not steal . Just put those two commandments into practice . " Do n’t murder and do n’t steal , and someone said , ‘ Well , that wo n’t work ! ’ " said a bemused Robertson . a bemused Robertson said the Holy Spirit lived in some people , while " the spirit of the Evil One is in the rest of ’em . " a bemused Robertson continued :   So you have spiritual warfare taking place . The larger group is controlled by the Evil One , his spirit in The larger group . The larger group , the Holy Spirit is in . And these two clash all the time , and the carnage , and the murder , and the lying , and the stealing , and all of this disobedience   —    you got children runnin’ and rippin’ and robbin’ and rapin’ . You say that all comes from the Evil One . " There ’s two kinds of people on the earth : the children of God , the ones with the Holy Spirit , and the whole world is under the control of the Evil One , " Robertson warned . Bossie was optimistic that the country is not yet too divided for the message of Torchbearer . " This film is what you ’ve been calling a Christian war film , " he told Bannon . Bossie It really is a This film that educates the American people , and really the base , what you ’re talking about , of just the battle that we are in . And it is the right film at a Christian war film . This message is so the message of Torchbearer right now . " " The evangelical vote has been going down , decreasing , since 2000 , " Bossie observed . " George Bush ’s    vote in 2004 was a lower turnout than 2008 , 2012 . " Robertson said the evangelical movement is not united because " everyone has their own little camp . They call everyone denominations . They all everyone their the evangelical movement camps , everyone ca n’t everyone agree enough to who everyone ’re going to put into the White everyone . They just disagree too much . " " everyone American model of Christianity , I hate to say this , has not worked real well , " he continued . He went on to say The American model of Christianity Because you The American model of Christianity to remember , when they removed God from the institutions of higher everyone , they removed God from the entertainment business , everyone took God out of the news media everyone and The American model of Christianity He ’s out of the government , for The American model of Christianity most part . The void was not filled by Christianity . God was pushed back into a Christianity . God they argue about theological discussions , instead of everyone together under one head , even Jesus , and get the job done . " Phil Robertson ’s idea , the very premise of this film , was going back to ancient Rome , to ancient Greece , to the times 2000 years ago , and how these massive empires   —    to show that America is not permanent , unless we continue to fight for it , every minute of every day , " said Bossie . " That ’s what evangelicals need to come out and support Donald Trump and Mike Pence , " Bossie urged . " Because now , in Bossie first major decision , he picked Mike Donald Trump . That tells you Donald Trump lot Mike Pence man . " " Everybody that calls himself an evangelical , the least he can do the man , we all rally around the man —    no matter what name is hanging on your sign   —    and agree that God became flesh 2016 years ago . He died on a cross , Jesus is His the man , was buried and raised the man the the man , " Robertson added . " Sin problem solved , grave problem solved , at the hands of Jesus . We all ought to be able to the man on the Gospel , and that would be enough for me . " He said that looking back two the man years , the man the sins of Rome are the sins of America . Nothing has changed . All these empires , they rise and they rot from within . America All these empires problem is All these empires America does n’t know America problem is . Its America is sin . " America Everyone who sins its problem law . In fact , sin is lawlessness , " Robertson declared . " So you see , even in America , we ’re rebelling against anybody in authority because America ’s lawlessness . It ’s sin that ’s of the anybody in authority One , and anybody in authority , if and until , large numbers of Americans repent of their sins and turn back to God , I do n’t large numbers of Americans one man ’s going to be able to change it . " His call for evangelicals in November is to " get off one man posteriors and vote . " " You look at this evangelicals bunch , this political correct crowd , and you ’re like , what in the world is that ? It ’s of the Evil One . It ’s spiritual warfare , Bannon , the Evil One .     Breitbart It Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 