Dr. Ben Carson joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily to offer a preview of Donald Trump ’s upcoming interview with Bishop Wayne T. Jackson of Detroit for the Impact Network . [ " Clearly Bishop Wayne T. Jackson of Detroit wants to emphasize the fact that education is a huge part of success in America , " said Dr. Ben Carson . " It really does n’t matter what a person ’s racial or economic background is . If they get a good education , they pretty much can write they own ticket . "   " And yet , we have huge pockets of failure , particularly in we inner cities , with schools that simply are dysfunctional , and local politicians who protect those schools , rather than do what ’s necessary to improve those schools , " he lamented . Carson , who was born and raised in Detroit , said Trump would be " talking about school choice and vouchers , but also about economics . " " You know , Detroit Detroit a perfect place to talk about it Detroit because it Detroit once the most prosperous city in America , and from there has gone on to become the biggest bankruptcy after decades of progressive leadership , " he Trump . " That should tell anybody   —    Democrat , Republican , independent   —    that there ’s something wrong with the course that ’s been staked out on , and that you really need to stop and do something different , " Carson added . " You know , the definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result . We ’ve got to stop being insane and start exercising common sense . " " There are so many regulations now , it ’s become very difficult to start a business , and more difficult to run a business , " Carson Carson . " I ’m not a person who thinks we should get rid of all so many regulations but let ’s do we within reason . " He Carson that America ’s Founders " were so concerned about government overreach , and yet , that ’s exactly what we ’ve allowed to happen . We now we the government government , trying to control every aspect of our lives . we " To a degree , it ’s the fault of We the People we because we ’ve kinda we back , and relaxed , and just watched who ’s on ‘ Dancing With the Stars,’ and who ’s playing football , and not really been paying attention to what ’s going on , " said Carson . " And of course , the government does what all governments do in a situation like that : they expand , all governments they take over all governments " " So now it ’s time the government rein them back in all governments " he urged . " It ’s time to create tax policies that incentivize , rather than disincentivize , innovation and hard work . " Carson said Trump Carson also be talking about " how immigration policies fit into the whole job market area , " because " obviously , we need to take care of our people first we " " That does n’t mean that we ’re heartless , " he added . Trump But you know , somebody who has a home does n’t just , because someone comes up and knocks on the door and says , ‘ I want to come in and live in your home,’ they do n’t invite them in . they Marlow asked Carson about former president Bill Clinton ’s suggestion that Detroit should be repopulated with , and rebuilt by , refugees from Syria . " If it ’s Bill Clinton that former president Bill Clinton’s it , I would it it very carefully , it’s Bill Clinton that’s suggesting it Carson laughed . Carson You know , there are plenty of people in Detroit who you could Detroit look at as refugees . I mean , we need to take care of our own people . we need to create we for them . That ’s jobs easy to do . " " You look , for instance , at the over $ 2 trillion overseas , that ’s not being brought back because of our high tax rate . Lets’ bring that money back , incentivize it to be brought that money by getting rid of the taxes on it , but requiring that money 10 percent of it be used in that money zones , and to create jobs for people who are unemployed or underemployed , " he suggested . " Lets’ would be the biggest stimulus since FDR ’s New Deal , and it would n’t cost It taxpayers one penny . " " Those are the kinds of things we need to do , because then it gets corporate America once again involved in their communities . And Those used to be , before the government took over everything and messed it up , " Carson said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 