The big day is almost here . You need a closing argument to choose Trump . It ’s so simple . Here It is:[Do you want to work at Taco Bell ? If so , vote for Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton ’s your woman !   The new jobs report is out and The new jobs report ’s another clunker . We added another 425 , 000 Americans NOT in the workforce . We also found out that multiple    meaning Americans forced to hold 2 or 3 jobs just to make ends    just rose to 8 . 05 million , the highest of this century . We also found out that between March of 2010 and today , under Obama , We economy has gained 547 , 000    bartender and waiter jobs , while losing 36 , 000    manufacturing jobs .   our economy is a disaster . The GDP for the past 8 years is the worst in the history of America . 94 million working age Americans are n’t working . More than 100 million Americans are on welfare checks . More Americans have joined the food stamp rolls under Obama than have joined the job rolls . More businesses close each day than open , for the first time in the the history of America And here America a great    of the 1 million net jobs created for women in the past    all one million went to foreigners . That stat comes from the Labor Department . Do n’t blame me , or Trump , or " a vast right wing conspiracy . " That stat is straight That stat ’s Labor Dept . And that same Labor Dept . admits they Labor Dept keep track of who is legal or illegal . All they know is every net job they women went to " foreigners . " That means almost every net job in America for women went to illegals for the past decade . Or do you think our country is bursting at the America legal foreigners from Austria and Canada and New Zealand ? Have you met any foreigners from Iceland ? I have n’t . So now we know this entire economy is built just for    jobs for illegal aliens . Great news ! Now we have the final coup de grace we Taco Bell just announced this morning   …     in the midst of another awful jobs report   …     that it is expanding . Taco Bell is Taco Bell one company hiring Taco Bell else is laying off , or standing pat . Even high tech companies in Silicon Valley have announced massive layoffs in recent weeks . Even famous names like Twitter are laying off a large percent of the workforce . No job options there . But good ‘ ole Taco Bell is ready to Taco Bell are here Taco Bell College costs $ 100 , 000 to $ 250 , 000 for four years . Grad school adds another $ . And after six or seven years of hard work and an investment of your parent ’s life savings , and massive debt that you ’ll never pay back in your lifetime , you ’re now almost 30 years old and your choices are : Taco Bell , or your parent ’s basement . Or did n’t you know more young adults are living in their parent ’s basement than at any time since the Great Depression ? more young adults that student loan debt is the highest in history ? Or that one third of students are n’t making any payments ( meaning they are in default ) ? So you can sit at home , students in a basement , and legally smoke pot in many states , in order to forget how broke you are   …     Or take a job for minimum wage at Taco Bell . Because it has become painfully clear under the Democrat Party of Obama and Hillary , those are your only choices . That ’s been my argument for eight long years . The massive      welfare   " Obamacare for everyone " policies of Obama , Hillary and the Democrat Party have created a nation of low Obama , Hillary wage the Democrat Party jobs . Yes , Obama has created jobs . They are cleaning toilets , washing dishes , mowing lawns Obama or slinging burgers . jobs ’s an entire economy for illegal aliens with no education or skills . These jobs are so pathetic , you do n’t even need to know English to take them . So the choice is clear . If you like the choices you have These jobs now   …     and you want to work at Taco Bell   …      Vote for Hillary . 
 