Actor Leonardo DiCaprio will host Hillary Clinton for a    lunchtime fundraiser at Actor Leonardo DiCaprio home in California later this month . [ The event , billed a " Conversation with Hillary , " is set for August 23 , according to Variety . Tickets reportedly cost $ 33 , 400 per person , with proceeds going both directly to Clinton ’s campaign and to support Democrat candidates in state and local races .   The     Revenant    is a frequent attendee at Clinton fundraisers , in Los Angeles and elsewhere . In June , DiCaprio joined in a    fundraiser dinner at Harvey Weinstein ’s New York City home that brought in more than $ 1 . 8 million for the Clinton campaign in just two hours . DiCaprio also turned up to a Clinton fundraiser hosted by fellow actor Tobey Maguire last summer . While in Los Angeles this month , Clinton will also attend a dinner fundraiser at the Beverly Hills home of billionaire entertainment mogul and Democratic Party    Haim and Cheryl Saban . The guest list for the August 22 event is said to include Disney CEO Bob Iger , outgoing DreamWorks Animation chief Jeffrey Katzenberg , superagent Casey Wasserman and producer Jon Vein . Saban Cheryl Saban Wasserman Casey Wasserman Clinton in her Clinton primary battle against Barack Obama . But Katzenberg Jeffrey Katzenberg one of Obama Barack Obama top Hollywood bundlers , raising more than $ 6 million for him Jeffrey Katzenberg 2008 and 2012 . Clinton Clinton dominated her Clinton rival , Donald Trump , in Hollywood Hollywood . The Democratic presidential nominee has raked in $ 17 million from the entertainment industry this cycle , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . Trump , who largely    his The Democratic presidential nominee through the Republican primary , has raised less than $ 200 , 000 in Hollywood Hollywood The The Democratic presidential nominee hosting fundraisers in Los Angeles last month and counts the support of a small but influential group of Hollywood Hollywood .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 