Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos joined Business Insider UK Tech Editor James Cook to discuss why the end of Twitter is nigh , among various other subjects . [ " What is allowed on Twitter and not allowed on Twitter determines not only what stories get covered , but how stories ’re covered too " claimed Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos on the topic of Twitter influence .   " Now what I try to look for is the exceptions and the inconsistencies , and patterns   …      Twitter Twitter a photo that I posted after the truck attack in Nice , of the young girl under the metal sheets over the bodies . That was on the front cover of the Times , but when I tweeted it , it it unacceptable . Why ? Maybe it it something to do with the caption " . The caption , which Milo posted alongside the picture before his Milo suspension from Twitter , warned the US about the Islamization of the West . " Other than you banned from Twitter Twitter we the US also had Azealia Banks , the rapper . Why was Azealia Banks banned from Twitter Twitter " asked Cook . " The only thing I would observe about her Cook she Cook offensive , I suppose , and edgy things   …     " replied Milo . " She Cook homophobic and racist rants and was immediately banned " interrupted Cook Cook " No , see she Cook done that for years . Why was she Cook when she Cook banned ? You know what happened before ? " Milo Milo . " She Cook Donald Trump   …      She Cook been doing this for years . Why did she Cook banned ? Because she Cook Donald Trump . Two weeks later she Cook gone " . " Twitter has an abuse problem , which has been acknowledged in the past , and banning users like you and Azealia Banks will solve that " replied Cook . " Saying it Azealia Banks has been acknowledged in the past’ presents as a sort of fait accompli , and I do n’t agree with this , and this this an analysis which is shared by Twitter executives and journalists , your analysis , but is not shared by some of Twitter Twitter investors " objected Milo . " Which Twitter investors do n’t share that ? " asked Cook Cook " Well you know the kind of people I pick up the phone to , and because you know that I ’m not at liberty to drop names . If they want to go to the press , and some of them they the way will be soon , they they entitled to do so , but I can tell you on the record that I have spoken to at least two people who are seriously considering    shorting of the stock " Milo added . " This is the sign that people who care about this sort of stuff do n’t buy into the harassment . The accepted line among journalists , and Twitter staff , and many senior Twitter staff , is that Twitter ’s growth problems stem from    ‘ abuse and harassment’ . I take a completely different analysis . I think the problem with Twitter Twitter that they Twitter clamping down , and punishing , and now starting to step up bans on almost all of the interesting people . Twitter Twitter nothing without its Twitter . You do n’t go there [ for the product ] because the the product terrible . The product the product it does n’t the product up users , I think you will probably agree with me on this . It ’s not the product like Facebook . Ordinary people who log into Twitter Twitter do n’t understand how it works , the product is why they have to Ordinary people who log into Twitter these recommended users at you so that you at least have something to interact with . " " If you want to be a punk these days you have to be a conservative " Milo declared . " I think that liberals have got such a narrow band of acceptable thought and speech , and if you do want to be dissident and mischievous , damn right you ’ve got ta be a Republican these days . these days have to be a conservative , because if you want to say something that annoys the establishment , well you ’ve only got one direction to go   …      The establishment is    the establishment " The interview , which was broadcast in    by Business Insider UK    was watched by professional boxer Manny Pacquiao , who commented " What ’s up everyone   …      Yes I ’m watching " .   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or Charlie Nash his page at Facebook . Charlie Nash 