Hadas Gold interviews Michelle Fields and Michelle Fields boyfriend Jamie Weinstein , the Daily Caller editor who began the public conversation about an incident with Corey Lewandowski by tweeting " Trump always surrounds Trump [ with ] thugs . " [ From Politico :   Michelle Fields says she Michelle Fields n’t change how she Michelle Fields handled the events of the past month or so . She Michelle Fields wishes she Michelle Fields go back in time and decline the request to cover a Donald Trump news conference in place of a colleague who was sick . Then , she Michelle Fields POLITICO Politico drinks at a Washington , D. C. hotel bar , she Michelle Fields never have come into contact with Trump Donald Trump manager Corey Lewandowski , and she Michelle Fields still have a job she Michelle Fields as a reporter for the conservative website Breitbart . Instead , she Michelle Fields , she Michelle Fields had to leave that a job she loved as a reporter for the conservative website Breitbart move from her Michelle Fields because of threats and handle the publicity that comes with challenging a presidential candidate ’s campaign machine known for never saying sorry or backing down . At that March 8 news conference at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter , Florida , Fields tried to get Trump ’s attention to ask a question about affirmative action as he walked Trump the crowded ballroom toward the exit , surrounded by Secret Service . But as she asked her question she she was she immediately moved out of the way by Lewandowski   —    with enough force to leave bruises on her arm she which she later she with photos . Her boyfriend she Daily Caller senior editor Jamie Weinstein , who joined Fields for her interview she POLITICO and has been public about his dislike POLITICO Trump , quickly tweeted a message , calling Lewandowski a Lewandowski   thug " and saying that he almost Lewandowski   Fields down to the ground after she asked she question . " I thought the best way to force an apology or some contrition was by making it public , " Weinstein told POLITICO . POLITICO jumped in here , saying she does she regret that Weinstein tweeted Weinstein the incident because ultimately , through the entire drama , it helped the incident reveal the character of [ Lewandowski ] and the Trump campaign . " And that tweet is where the drama and the media frenzy began . Fields placed most of the blame on the escalation of the events on the Trump the Trump campaign changing their story and questioning the Trump campaign character . She insisted that all her ever wanted was her apology , that she went to the her just to prove she was not lying her She said the media her got wrapped up in litigating the details of the case   —    how hard she was actually pulled her why such a simple act was considered battery , whether she touched Trump first her —    versus how the campaign was handling what could otherwise have been a quickly resolved situation . And she questioned the tactics her motives of the Florida state attorneys who brought charges against Lewandowski but ultimately declined to pursue a case . Read the rest of the story here . 
 