Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) announced Sen. Ted Cruz team of national security advisers on Thursday . The group includes a wide range of views , especially on radical Islam , and includes some veteran insiders who might be able to help Cruz build bridges back to the Republican establishment as the primary enters a tense home stretch . [ " I am honored and humbled to have a range of respected voices willing to offer The group best advice , " said Cruz , adding :   These are trusted friends who will form a core of our broader national security team . After two terms of a failed    foreign policy , our allies are confused and frightened , and our our are looking for opportunities . This is the moment for all those who believe in a strong America that is secure at home and respected abroad to come together and craft a new path forward . One of Cruz ’s advisers is Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy , a frequent guest on Breitbart News Daily , including an appearance Wednesday . This produced the usual     from those who accuse Gaffney of being an " Islamophobe . " For example , Eli Lake at Bloomberg View described Gaffney Gaffney " a former Reagan administration Pentagon official who has emerged as a lightning rod in the Obama era , accused by the Southern Poverty Law Center of being one of the nation ’s leading Islamophobes . " Lake Eli Lake at Bloomberg View : When Trump proposed a temporary ban on all Muslim immigration , he Trump from a 2015 survey of American Muslims commissioned by the    Gaffney founded , the the Southern Poverty Law Center It Eli Lake at Bloomberg View that a quarter of U. S. Muslims supported violent American Muslims U. S. This led to speculation in the Washington press that Gaffney was advising Trump . ( A the   Gaffney of advice for readers : anyone who tries to present the Southern Poverty Law Center as a neutral arbiter of " Islamophobia " or racism is trying to deceive you , not inform you . ) Lake , nevertheless , went on to note that Cruz is naming a large group of national security advisers with a broad range of opinions on Islamism and other topics , including some who are strongly opposed to Gaffney ’s views , including former Reagan official Michael Ledeen and former adviser to George W. Bush Elliott Abrams . Abrams , in particular , is concerned George W. Bush Elliott Abrams alienating moderate Muslims , calling it " the kind of foolish policy that the Obama Administration has engaged in when it comes to Arab states that are our allies . " Cruz ’s primary national security adviser , Victoria Coates , was quoted saying these disagreements between members of the Cruz team are " by design , and not an accident , " noting that both Gaffney and Abrams have been meeting with Cruz for years . Abrams , a Cruz fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , has worked to distinguish radical Islamist ideology from moderate Islam and has dismissed the " Islam is a religion of peace " line   —    essentially the bipartisan position of the American political class since the Bush administration   —    as simplistic . In fact , he noted in a 2014 forum that he found it " annoying " when he Bush spoke that way , and Bush " average American thinks this is crap " because of the carnage they can see roiling the Islamic world . Other names mentioned in the Bloomberg View article are three members of Gaffney ’s Center for Security Policy , former CIA officers Fred Fleitz and Clare Lopez and former Army Special Forces Master Sergeant Jim Hanson , in addition to former Assistant U. S. Attorney Andrew McCarthy , who was one of the prosecutors of the first World Trade Center bombing . Also on the team are former Senator Jim Talent , lately a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute former Bush national security staffer Mary Habeck , who is a visiting scholar with AEI former Department of Homeland Security official and NSA general counsel Stewart Baker former Reagan and Bush intelligence official Randy Fort , now an Bush with Raytheon Nile Gardiner , a former aide to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher Robert C. O’Brien , who was a senior foreign policy adviser to Governors Scott Walker and Mitt Romney Reagan campaign adviser and China expert Michael Pillsbury and former State Department senior adviser Christian Whiton . Even more    firepower is provided for the Cruz coalition by American Foreign Policy Council Vice President Ilan Berman Heritage Foundation senior fellows Mike Gonzalez , Charles Stimson , and Steven Groves and Council on Global Security President Katharine C. Gorka . Talent was recently critical of the suggestion by Cruz ’s rival Donald Trump that the United Cruz be a " neutral party " in negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians , advising the U. S. to be a " firm and consistent partisan on Israel ’s behalf " because otherwise , " the conditions necessary for a successful agreement will never exist . " Coates is likewise critical of the "   solution " process and the idea of the U. S. as a neutral broker . " the U. S. the trenches with the United States , " Israel said in a recent interview with The Jerusalem Post . " It shares our values , it is both our security partner Israel economic partner , and Israel vital to our national security . " " My feeling is that prioritizing our    solution has not been productive . The    solution is putting the carts before the horse , the   solution in that interview . " We are forcing a context to a a recent interview with The Jerusalem Post may not be viable . " " Senator Cruz has staked out new ground in terms of a conservative foreign policy during his years in the Senate , " Coates said on Thursday , in the Senator Cruz of his national security team . Coates He ’s rejected the failed policies of the Senator Cruz and gotten back to a Senator Cruz principled ,    approach to America ’s position in the world . " Cruz campaign chairman Chad Sweet , who also has national security experience through DHS and the CIA , also invoked Reagan in his statement : " Senator Cruz has consistently demonstrated his deep commitment to Reagan Reagan national security philosophy Cruz by the foundational principle Cruz ‘ peace through Reagan national security experts who are endorsing him today are all highly respected professionals who share Senator Cruz ’s vision of how Cruz will restore America ’s leadership in the world Cruz " Ted Cruz is a serious candidate who has grappled with national defense issues during his time Cruz Senate . His comprehensive plan to rebuild our military after the disastrous Obama Cruz Defense budget cuts demonstrates that Cruz ’s ready to be Commander in Chief on day one , " Jim Talent said on Cruz , adding that he looked forward to " working with Senator Cruz on policies that will keep our nation safe . Jim Talent McCarthy said : As President , Ted Cruz will restore a foreign policy that prioritizes our national interests , unleashes our armed forces to Senator Cruz called upon , distinguishes vital security measures from naïve adventurism , and tells other nations it is once again a boon to be America ’s friend and a serious mistake to be America ’s enemy . Abrams stressed the accuracy of Cruz ’s vision with respect to the    situation : America’s has a perfect record of support for Senator Cruz in the Senate , and he has made it clear Cruz’s believes a strong Israel is America ’s key ally and asset in the Middle Cruz’s . He understands the power Cruz’s in that region Israel he will put an end to the tensions of the Obama years Cruz’s have weakened the    alliance . He is Cruz’s clearly the most    candidate in the race today . 
 Cruz’s 