With President Obama , Democrats and Democrats media fellow travelers having failed to win the hearts and minds of voters , Democrats and their media fellow travelers are now trying to build a legacy on the big lie : " The president is handing The president successor an economy that ’s now the envy of the world . " [ David Corn of the progressive Mother Jones magazine claimed on November 7 : " the election is a referendum on the explicit use of hate in politics   —    a reckoning toward which the GOP has been hurtling for half a century . " But Donald Trump won by campaigning on making the election a referendum on President Obama ’s failed economic policies .   The 2016 election results were the worst performance by the Democrat Party since the 1870s . Republicans now hold the presidency , both houses of Congress , 33 governorships and control of both legislature chambers in 32 states . The Democrats only control both both legislature chambers just 13 states . Middle class voters , especially in " flyover country , " came to believe on November 8 that the Obama administration ’s economic recovery was the worst since the Great Depression in the 1930s , according to Peter J. Ferrara of the Heartland Institute . Ferrara suggests that Peter J. Ferrara of the Heartland Institute $ 6 trillion in deficit spending during President Obama ’s first term , median household income after inflation fell by more than $ 4 , 500 , about the equivalent of losing one month ’s pay per year . He adds that Peter J. Ferrara of the Heartland Institute another $ 4 trillion in deficit spending in Obama ’s second term ,    median household income did stabilize . But the average American family would have $ 17 , 000 more in annual income if 8 years of the Obama recovery had Obama the average recession recovery since World War II . But the Obama administration continues Obama claim that pushing the unemployment rate down from 10 percent will be the centerpiece of the outgoing president ’s legacy . Jason Furman , Chairman of Obama Administration ’s Council of Economic Advisers , told CNBC on December 2 , " I did n’t think I ’d ever see the unemployment rate that low , " after the Labor Department reported that the November unemployment rate fell to 4 . 6 percent . But more than half of that supposed decline during the Obama Administration Obama Administration the equivalent of about 7 . 5 million Americans giving up looking for a job or dropping out of labor force . Furthermore , the current level of    employment , at 18 . 3 percent ( about 27 . 8 million ) is a higher percentage than at any time since the Great Depression . One advantage for Democrats of having a lousy recovery for workers , is that the interest rates stayed so low that U. S. house prices just hit a new    . But most of those gains went to the rich . The percentage of families that own a house dropped from 67 . 5 percent , when President Obama first took office in January 2009 , to 62 . 9 percent in November . The last time the rate of home ownership was that low was 1966 , when Lyndon Johnson was President . George Friedman , founder of Geopolitical Futures . commented after the election that it was the disbelief that the election , as an amateur populist , could even compete , is the " reason Hillary Clinton lost . " The Democratic Party " that Franklin D. Roosevelt crafted or that Lyndon B. Johnson had led Lyndon Johnson core white    voters , which The Democratic Party proved are " single largest ethnic Trump social group in the country . " Friedman observes : " Liberals are concerned with inequality . People in the    class are simply concerned with making enough money to live a decent life . They are two very different things . People in the   class Friedman credits Trump for also understanding that " these Trump lost the culture wars that People in the   class waged for the past generation . " Their churches and parents raised and taught them " People in the   class values . " The pride that People in the   class to the    and    from working hard and making a good living for their families was lost had been displaced . In the   and    to be politically correct , the " values they were taught as children could no longer be the   and    in public . " Democrats and their media allies are working hard to build a Democrats of the Obama administration ’s accomplishments . But Friedman suggests the election demonstrated that the "   group no longer had a place in the Democratic Party " that only has contempt for them . 
 the "  group 