Columnist Charles Krauthammer said that the second Fox News debate was " much more substantive than about any other , " and that former Florida Governor Jeb Bush had a " very strong night , " New Jersey Governor Chris Christie " did well , " Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio " had Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio moments , " but Cruz " had a bit of a rocky start , " while Rubio " had Rubio rockiest night " due to the questioning of Rubio immigration record on Thursday ’s " Kelly File " on the Fox News Channel .   Krauthammer said , " There was a   —    it was a very spirited debate . it was much more substantive than about any other , and there was almost none of the ad hominems and the insults that one had heard in the earlier debates . There was a lot of hard questioning and a lot of tough exchanges , but it did not have anything to do , I thought , with the kind of personal level that we ’d heard before . I ’ll leave it to the viewers to figure out why . " He continued , " Secondly , I thought it was interestingly the best night that Jeb had in all of the debates , and I might even say I think He might have had the best night of the group in this debate . He was very strong . He had one moment , where He kind of flipped back to Marco Rubio on the question of immigration . " Krauthammer added that this was " a kind of a reversal of that moment in one of the earlier debates , when there was a tangle between Marco Rubio and Bush , and Marco Rubio turned it very strongly against Bush . " Krauthammer added , " I thought in Bush own way , Christie did well . Bush has a way of coming in after the others are arguing , and sort of rising above it , and saying this is why you need a doer , a governor , etc . when Bush had that line about you need a dictionary to explain Washington speak into ordinary English , again , setting Bush aside . Bush did n’t have a soaring moment , but i thought Bush did well . Cruz and Rubio were the most interesting , because Cruz and Rubio were the ones who had the most at stake . Each of Cruz and Rubio had Each of them moments . Cruz had a bit of rocky start when attacked you , the moderators , for trying to cause argument   —    debate between you . the crowd was not very appreciative of that . And Rubio , I thought , had Rubio rockiest night . Rubio had the good moments , but I think on immigration , where you showed the contradiction between what Rubio ’d said a few years ago and what Rubio said now , Rubio had a really hard time arguing Rubio way out of that box . " Krauthammer further said that while Cruz had contradicted Cruz , and Cruz ’s not sure if Cruz argument is better , Cruz " made a better one tonight . And Cruz kind of wriggled out of it with slightly more finesse and a sense of conviction than Rubio did in explaining away Cruz contradictions . " Cruz also argued that while Kentucky Senator Rand Paul did n’t really change Cruz standing in the race , " having Cruz on the stage , I thought , was an addition . " Krauthammer concluded , " I thought one of the most interesting aspects of the debate is how little people went after Trump . The only one who did , and I thought it was a rather    hit , was by Jeb , when Jeb came out against the demonization of the other , particularly Muslims , in response to the to the video that had been shown on YouTube . And also , I thought Jeb made a good defense , for the first time , a rather forceful defense of Jeb position on how to act in   —    with ISIS in the Middle East , particularly since the question had a kind of a hook on it , mentioning the failures of Jeb brother ’s policy in the Middle East . Jeb sidestepped it , and I thought Jeb handled it very it . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 