Bill Maher    Bill Maher    # WhinyLittleBitch    comedy special on Facebook on Wednesday , during which he unloaded on Donald Trump and he daughter Ivanka , Republican voters and disgraced former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner . [ " I mean , what does it take ? A racist , a liar , a tax cheat , a    a deadbeat , a Russian agent , and a rapist . You know we ’re a nuclear power , right ? These are red flags , " the Real Time host joked to an audience at Los Angeles comedy club Largo .   " You know , I hope that when we look back on this , it ’s going to be like   …      Trump is like Y2K. Right ? " Trump continued . " we thought it was going to be a disaster , we sh*t we pants , and then it was a bunch of nothing , " Maher said . " But who knows ? Even if Trump loses , Trump army of whiny little bitches   …      these people are crazy . these people think if Hillary is elected , this is the end of civilization , right ? these people ’re so brainwashed that we ’re living in this country of disaster where there ’s always a cold knife at your heart and a brown d*ck at your lips . " No one was safe during Maher ’s    act . Maher referred to Trump ’s campaign surrogates Dr. Ben Carson , Kellyanne Conway , Rudolph Giulianni , and Mike Pence as " flying monkeys . " But perhaps Maher most cutting commentary was aimed at Weiner , whose alleged sexually explicit online conversation with a     girl spurred the FBI ’s renewed investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails . Maher Maher the disgraced former Congressman " the c*ck that ended the world " and said he Maher " f*cking kill " him Maher Hillary Hillary Clinton’s the election .   Maher Maher    standup routine competed for viewers with Game 7 of the World Series , but managed to garner more than 1 . 5 million views on Facebook . Toward the end of his set , Maher Maher up lackluster support for Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s her email Hillary Clinton’s to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady ’s " Deflategate " scandal . " Is she completely Hillary Clinton’s ? Well , she ’s Hillary Clinton’s a few balls in her time Hillary Clinton’s " Maher Maher of Clinton . Hillary Clinton’s But it ’s a minor crime and she ’s Hillary Clinton’s great quarterback ! She would Hillary Clinton’s a great president , or at least a good one , not a disastrous one . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 