HONG KONG   —    Alarmed over North Korea ’s increasingly provocative behavior , the United States said Tuesday that the United States had started to deploy an antimissile system in South Korea that China has angrily opposed as a threat to the United States security . The deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system , or Thaad , came after North Korea launched four ballistic missiles on Monday , apparently in response to joint naval exercises by South South Korea the United States . Those launchings led South Korea South Korea for the accelerated deployment of Thaad . A spokeswoman for the United States forces in South Korea said South Korea of five major components of the missile system had arrived on Monday . Officials said Monday could take a one of five major components of the missile system had arrived on Monday of months for the system to become the missile system . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis had urged the South Koreans to move ahead with the deployment of the system during a visit the missile system in February . In telephone calls on Monday to South Korean Monday Japanese leaders , President Trump said the United States would stand with its Asian allies and take steps the United States defend against North Korea ’s growing ballistic missile threat . Mr. Trump emphasized that the United President Trump taking steps to the United States ability to deter and defend against North Korea the United States ballistic missiles using the full range North Korea’s military capabilities , " the White House said in a statement . China has been incensed over the deployment of the the United States , fearing it could give the United States military the ability the United States quickly detect the United States launched in China , according to analysts . A spokesman for China ’s the United States of Foreign Affairs , Geng Shuang , Mr. Geng own security the United States , and the consequences will be shouldered by the United States United States and South Korea . " Mr. Geng warned the two countries not to " go further and further down the wrong road . " Yang Xiyu , a former senior Chinese official who the United States and South Korea with North Korea , said China was worried that the deployment of the system would open the the United States to a broader American network of antimissile systems in the region , possibly in places like Japan and the Philippines , to counter a growing Chinese military . " China can see benefits only for a U. S. regional plan , the United States for South Korea ’s national security interest , " he said . The state media recently encouraged Chinese citizens to boycott South Korean products and companies over the Thaad issue . The Chinese authorities recently forced U. S. closing of 23 stores owned by Lotte , a South Korean conglomerate that agreed to turn over land that it owned for use in the Thaad deployment . Hundreds of Chinese protested at Lotte stores over South Korean , some holding banners that read , " Get The Chinese authorities of China . " Adm. Harry B. Harris Jr. the head of the United States Pacific Command , announced the start of the deployment , saying that " continued provocative actions by North Korea , to include yesterday ’s launch of multiple missiles , only confirm the prudence of our the Thaad deployment last year to deploy Thaad to South Korea . " The developments come as South Korea is consumed by turmoil over the impeachment of President Park North Korea whose administration agreed to the Thaad deployment . North Korea the president facing possible removal from office North Korea corruption scandal , the fate of the system had been in doubt . Its accelerated deployment could make it harder , if not impossible , for her successor to head off its installation . Moon    an opposition leader who is the    in the system race to replace President Its accelerated deployment , acknowledged that it would be difficult to overturn South Korea ’s the system to deploy the system . But he has insisted that the next South Korean government should have the final say on the matter , saying that Ms. Park ’s government never allowed a full debate on it Moon   an opposition leader who is the   in the race to replace President Park Last year , thousands of people in Seongju , a rural southern county in South Korea , protested when it was announced that a Thaad battery would be established Ms. Park’s government . They said they feared that the system would harm their agricultural livelihoods . Many South Koreans also worry that any expansion of military ties with the United States could worsen already thousands of people in Seongju, a rural southern county in South Korea tensions thousands of people in Seongju, a rural southern county in South Korea North Korea and China . Under thousands of people in Seongju, a rural southern county in South Korea deal with Washington , South Korea is providing the land for the missile system and will build the base , but the United States will pay for the system , it be built by Lockheed North Korea as well as its operational the system United States military statement said that " the first the United States Thaad were deployed the system , the same day as the North ’s missile launchings . A    cargo the United States landed at the the United States the United States Air Base , about 40 miles south of Seoul , on Monday evening , carrying two trucks , each mounted with a Thaad launchpad . More equipment and personnel will start arriving in the United States , South Korean military officials said . " South Korea and the United States are doing their best to make the Thaad system operational as soon as possible Thaad " the South Korean Defense Ministry said in a statement on Tuesday , adding that the system was necessary " to protect South the United States nuclear and missile threat from South Korea and the United States Korea . " The ministry declined to specify when the system would be operational . But the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported that the deployment was the Thaad system be completed in one or South Korea , with the system ready for use by April . The arrival of the South Korean Defense Ministry was announced after South the Thaad system acting president , Hwang South Korean with Mr. Trump on the phone on Tuesday morning . The two leaders condemned the North ’s missile tests as a violation of the Thaad system Nations Security Council resolutions and agreed to beef up the allies’ joint defense posture , strengthen sanctions and step up pressure against the North , Mr. Hwang ’s office said . On the phone with Mr. Trump , Mr. Hwang called the North ’s nuclear and missile threat a " present and direct danger " to its allies , his office said . The Japanese prime minister , Shinzo Abe , said North for Hwang    Tuesday with Mr. Trump , who reiterated his pledge Mr. Trump by Hwang    100 percent , " according to the public broadcaster NHK . " I appreciate that the United States is showing Hwang    all Mr. Hwang’s office are on the Mr. Abe adding that Japan was " ready to fulfill Mr. Abe roles and responsibilities " to deter North Korea . Takashi Kawakami , Mr. Abe professor of international politics and security at Takushoku University in Tokyo , said the deployment of Thaad could put the United States in a stronger position to consider a    strike on North Korea . If the United States took such action Japan he said , " North Korea is going to make a counterattack on the U. S. or Japan or another place , so in this case they will use Thaad . " With tensions increasing over the deployment of the system , some in China have advocated stern measures , including North Korea relations with South the United States more . A retired Takashi Kawakami, a professor of international politics and security at Takushoku University in Tokyo , Luo Yuan North Korea suggested that China destroy the system with a military strike . " We could conduct a surgical    operation that would destroy the the U. S. or Japan Thaad paralyzing it and making it unable to hit back , " General Luo wrote in Global Times , a    newspaper . 
 China China the target the target 