Today , Californians will finish a primary election that really has been taking place for almost a month , when the first round of absentee ballots were mailed out . [ Turnout is expected to be high . As Breitbart ’s Michelle Moons reported , " California now has the highest voter registration in California history at nearly 18 million , with over 646 , 000 registrations in just 45 days   …     " .   As the results come in from this largest and      primary , here are five different things to be looking for as the results come in . 1 . SANDERS VS . CLINTON , Breitbart California editor Joel Pollak observes : Clinton CLINTON fewer than 30 delegates from California California the other handful of small states that will be voting on Tuesday to clinch the Democratic Party ’s presidential nomination . An early favorite to win in California California she CLINTON thought to lead among early voters , who have been mailing in their ballots for weeks . Yet she CLINTON lose among Election Day voters , or even lose overall , and it would not matter : she CLINTON be the party ’s nominee . The Associated Press , in fact , called the nomination for her CLINTON Monday evening . So the question is n’t whether Clinton clinches the the nomination for her , it ’s the question she CLINTON an embarrassing blow to her CLINTON with a Sanders statewide win . Sanders has Sanders closing the gap in recent weeks , but will it be enough to overcome those ballots cast earlier in the month when Clinton had Clinton bigger lead ?   We will see . If Sanders does Sanders , you can be sure he will Sanders the win Sanders does win to his ideological Sanders on the left , and make it more difficult for Clinton to Clinton Democrats heading into the fall showdown against the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald Trump . 2 . GOP SHUT OUT OF U. S. SENATE RACE ? At the time that Congresswoman Barbara Boxer won her U. S. Congresswoman Barbara Boxer seat in 1992 , edging out television commentator Bruce Herschensohn , California was a competitive state for Republicans statewide . A generation later , we are in a solidly blue state where Democrats currently hold every single statewide office .   The blue state blues of the California GOP may California to a new level soon , thanks to the 2010 passage by voters of Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s " top two " election system , replacing the old traditional primary process . Except for the office of President , in every other partisan race in California every candidate California on the June ballot   —    and the top two    then advance to the November general election .   This is regardless of the political party of the candidates . There have been a number of races in which the top two candidates in the runoff have been either two Democrats ( most of the time ) or two Republicans ( less often ) . But due to a perfect political storm , it is very possible that for the first time , a statewide race , and for a very important office , will be a single party affair . The two leading Democrats , Attorney General Kamala Harris and Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez , have both raised millions The two leading Democrats, Attorney General Kamala Harris and Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez dollars and spent heavily heading into today ’s election .   On the GOP side there are a host of GOP candidates but GOP none of them are raising GOP candidates amounts of money to engage in meaningful voter contact , it is likely that votes from Republicans will end up being diluted amongst them . The votes from Republicans Field public opinion survey of likely primary voters had Harris at 30 % Sanchez at 14 % and no Republican current with more than 4 % of the vote .   The X factor is the 27 % of likely voters who have not yet made up their minds . the 27% of likely voters who have not yet made up their minds There is some added irony here in that one of the candidates , former GOP State Chairman Duf Sundheim , had been a strong advocate and supporter of the new    system   —    a system that may dash his Senatorial dreams former GOP State Chairman Duf Sundheim . 3 . GOP TURNOUT FOR GOP State , Not too long ago we were looking GOP TURNOUT FOR TRUMP a donnybrook of a GOP primary in GOP State , with Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz duking it out ( with Ohio Governor John Kasich    at the edges ) .   But all that has now changed , and Trump is the Donald Trump " last man standing " for the Republican nomination   —    like Mitt Romney four years ago , or Senator John McCain four years before that . Yet despite having the nomination sewn the Republican nomination   in advance of the California primary in 2012 , Romney received just less Mitt Romney 80 % of the Republican vote . So we will be looking at two different metrics to figure out how Trump is being received by Republicans   —    both the results in terms of a percentage , and also GOP turnout .   These numbers , while not consequential in terms of Trump ’s taking the Trump , are basically a huge Republican opinion survey in a state with more Republicans than any other . It is also possible , though unlikely , that a few congressional districts might not go with Trump .   This Trump to McCain in 2008 , where he had sewn up McCain nomination but three the nomination went with Romney , and thus a small group of Romney delegates went to that Romney ’s convention in Minneapolis . One thing is certain : after today , all eyes will turn to this summer ’s national conventions , and the general election beyond . Jon Fleischman is the Politics Editor of Breitbart California . A longtime participant , observer and chronicler of California politics , Jon is Breitbart California the publisher Jon Fleischman www . flashreport . org . You can follow him on Twitter at @flashreport Jon Fleischman email him at jon@jonfleischman . com Jon Fleischman 
 