Donald Trump went on the battle path against Hillary Clinton in Donald Trump address Friday to the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) as the nation ’s most prominent gun group formally endorsed Donald Trump . [ The presumptive Republican nominee challenged the Clintons to disarm the Clintons security guards if the Clintons want to abolish the Second Amendment . Donald Trump laid out a plan to abolish    zones and repeal President Obama ’s executive orders . Donald Trump also called for Hillary Clinton to release Hillary Clinton own short list of Supreme Court justice picks .   " To get the endorsement , believe me , is a fantastic honor , " Donald Trump promised the NRA crowd in Louisville , Kentucky , which greeted the Republican champion with frequent waves of ecstatic cheers . " I will not let you down . " " Hillary said Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment . That ’s bad , " Donald Trump said . " Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons   …     let their bodyguards Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons   disarm " if they want Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons   feel what it ’s like for unarmed civilians in this country . " They should Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons   disarm . " " She wants Hillary take your guns away , " Donald Trump said of Clinton . " The late hero Charlton Heston , who you all knew , did battle with the Clintons the Clintons   our Second Amendment . " " This is n’t like a job , " Donald Trump said of people who work for the NRA . " They really , people who work for the NRA believe . We are lucky to have people like that . " " If they knew there people who work for the NRA guns in the room , they might not people who work for the NRA done it , " Trump said of the San Bernardino shooting by Muslim radicals . " But you would have had bullets going in the other direction , and the carnage would not have been the same . " The NRA crowd gave that line a massive applause . " Hillary Clinton , and I call her Crooked Hillary Hillary Clinton she wants to Hillary Clinton the Second Amendment . We ’re not going to let that happen I ’ll tell you that right now . We are going We preserve it , we are going We cherish it , " it said . " We are getting We of gun free zones . We ’re getting We of them , " Trump said . Trump I ’d like to call for Hillary Clinton to Hillary Clinton list , too , " Trump said of Supreme Trump picks . Trump has already released Trump conservative list . Trump opened by reading Trump some good news for him : " Last Trump , Rasmussen , which is a very highly respected poll , came out . Trump 42 , Crooked Hillary Clinton 37 . Hillary Clinton also made an interesting Trump to Clinton : " You should Hillary Clinton    only speeches when you ’re running for president . " 
 