WASHINGTON   —    White House officials declared on Wednesday that President Trump was not the target of an investigation , five days after President Trump raised the prospect with an unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor President Trump the wiretapping of Trump Tower . After first refusing Mr. Spicer " There is no reason that we have to think the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever . " Mr. Spicer Twitter posts statement , which he read from a sheet of paper that was handed to him at the end of his briefing , reinforced the conundrum Mr. Trump ’s tweets have created for the White House : Either the Mr. Spicer ’s assertions are baseless , or he may have implicated Mr. Spicer in a government investigation Mr. Spicer contacts between his presidential campaign and Russia . Until Wednesday , Mr. Spicer had steadfastly declined to the president ’s assertion that former President Barack Obama the president wiretap surveillance of the president Tower   —    an act that the president Trump condemned as a scandal comparable Mr. Spicer to McCarthyism or Watergate . Early into Wednesday Mr. Trump’s Mr. Spicer stuck to the policy he has followed since the storm broke over Mr. Trump ’s posts . Asked Mr. Trump’s president was the target of a counterintelligence inquiry , he replied : " I think Wednesday what we Mr. Trump’s find out . There ’s Mr. Trump’s a lot of concern . " But Mr. Trump’s slipped Mr. Spicer a note , he circled back to clarify that " there is no Mr. Trump’s to believe there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice . " The press secretary insisted he was not disavowing the president , Mr. Trump’s his tweets early on Mr. Trump’s morning from     his resort in Palm Beach , Fla. " The tweet dealt with wiretaps , " Mr. Spicer said . " The other is an investigation . They are two The press secretary issues . " While the F. B. I. The press secretary conducting a    counterintelligence investigation into Russian The press secretary with the 2016 presidential election , there is no public evidence that Mr. Trump The press secretary target . The Justice Department defines " target " as someone whom investigators have substantial evidence against and who is likely to be indicted . Current and former officials have said repeatedly that although they were concerned about intelligence suggesting meetings between associates of Mr. Trump ’s and Russian officials , they have developed no evidence of collusion between Mr. Trump ’s campaign and Russia ’s hacking efforts . Mr. Spicer cited the former director of national intelligence , James R. Current and former officials Jr. who last Sunday made that point on the Mr. Trump " Meet the Press . " Russian officials Mr. Clapper also said he had no Mr. Trump had sought a warrant from a foreign intelligence court to install a Mr. Clapper reject Mr. Trump ’s claim that his agency had wiretapped his Russia The department has refused to do so . Mr. Spicer complained bitterly about news media coverage of ties between Mr. Clapper Trump and Russia , saying it was Mr. Trump " It ’s interesting how many times this fake narrative gets repeated over and over and over again , " he said . " And yet no Mr. Clapper has ever been Mr. Clapper that shows the president has anything to do with any Mr. Clapper things that are being the Justice Department It ’s a recycled story , over and over and over again . " The problem for the White House is that Mr. Trump fueled this week ’s cycle of stories himself . On Wednesday , the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate ’s Judiciary Mr. Clapper on Crime and Terrorism asked the F. B. I. and the Justice Department for evidence that the government had sought legal permission to tap Mr. Trump ’s phones . The request came in a letter from Senators Lindsey Graham , Republican of South it , and Sheldon Whitehouse , Democrat of Rhode Island , to Mr. Comey and the acting deputy attorney general , Dana Boente . Mr. Boente is overseeing the Russia inquiry because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any cases involving the Trump campaign and Russia , after acknowledging he met with Russia ’s ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak . " We request that the Department of Justice provide us copies of any warrant applications and court orders   —    redacted as necessary to protect intelligence sources and methods that may be compromised by disclosure , and to protect any Mr. Boente , the Trump campaign or Trump Tower , " the senators wrote . With no evidence of wiretaps emerging , the White House has Mr. Boente forced into a defensive communications strategy . It Russia curtailed Mr. Trump Mr. Boente appearances before Russia where reporters could ask him about his claims . Mr. Spicer held his briefing on Monday We TV cameras , though on Tuesday and Wednesday , he answered questions at length and before the cameras . On Tuesday , the administration sent the secretary of homeland security , John F. Kelly , on CNN , where he , too , provided no evidence of any wiretapping . However , Mr. Kelly said , " if the president of the United States said that , he ’s got his reasons to say the White House . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer TV cameras Mr. Kelly the president of the United States the president of the United States 