William F. Buckley Jr. said William F. Buckley Jr. would rather be governed by the first 2 , 000 names in the Boston phone book than by the faculty of Harvard . But one evening late last month , the Harvard Club in Midtown was as good a place as any to go looking for the intellectual future of conservatism . the Harvard Club in Midtown was the unveiling of American Affairs , a tweedy quarterly journal dedicated to giving intellectual heft and coherence to the amorphous ideology known , for lack of a better term , as Trumpism . Not that the words " Donald Trump " came up during the presentation , though Julius Krein , the journal ’s     founder and editor , did pay the man sideways tribute with a quotation from the French critic Roland Barthes ’s classic 1957 essay " The World of Wrestling . " " Our politics , like Barthes Roland Barthes wrestling , has become a spectacle of excess , which has no sense of time , and no logic of the future , " Mr. Krein said , drawing a chuckle from the crowd of more than 100 . He Mr. Krein turned to a    matter : rethinking the entire    War policy consensus . " We in America no longer have any idea what the future should be , much less how to build it the future , " he Mr. Krein . That ’s big talk for a quarterly with an initial print run of 300 copies and whose first issue mixes articles on economics and international affairs with more abstract offerings like a disquisition on Hegel and work . But the history of modern conservatism is paved with journals whose influence belied their whose influence circulations , including The Public Interest , which became the chief organ of neoconservatism in the 1970s and ’80s , and National Affairs , founded in 2009 to promote " reform conservatism . " In an interview , Mr. Krein    described the journal as aiming to appeal to fans of both Foreign Affairs and the Slovenian Marxist provocateur Slavoj Zizek . More seriously , he Mr. Krein    , the magazine seeks to fill the void left by a conservative intellectual establishment more focused on opposing Mr. Trump than on grappling with the rejection of globalism and    dogma that propelled his Mr. Trump . " A lot of people on the right are looking back and seeing an agenda that is a complete failure , presided over by a bunch of nonentities , " he Mr. Trump . " It ’s a joke . " So far , the right is definitely reading . Matthew Continetti of The Washington Free Beacon , in an article reposted by National Review , called the first issue " lively and    and at times deeply insightful . " Ross Douthat of The New York Times , a strong critic of Mr. Trump , noted the journal in a recent column , though he Matthew Continetti of The Washington Free Beacon the ideas on offer " not quite as daring as I had hoped . " Over on the left , Jeet Heer of   The New Republic was less appreciative .       of " civic friendship " and " covenantal nationalism , " Mr. Jeet Heer of  The New Republic , effectively " whitewashes " Mr. Trump ’s " racial demagoguery " and authoritarianism and " aims to hoodwink elite conservatives into believing that Trump is Mr. Trump like them . elite conservatives Mr. Krein says the point is exactly the opposite . " Trump is not like them , elite conservatives that ’s what makes him attractive Trump —    at least on a policy basis , " he said Trump He continued Trump " There has to be a sense of a distinct political community . I do n’t think it has to be ethnic or racial , but there has to be a distinct American citizenship that matters . " Mr. Krein Mr. Krein in Eureka , S. D. and studied political philosophy at Harvard with the noted conservative scholar Harvey C. Mansfield before going into finance , working at Bank of America , the Blackstone Group and smaller firms . ( He now works Mr. Krein on the journal . ) He ’s also Mr. Krein skilled connector , as the crowd at the Harvard Club attested . The main event was a discussion of globalization between Peter Thiel , the Silicon Valley entrepreneur and Trump supporter , and    Slaughter , the president and chief executive of the    think tank New America . ( Mr. Krein said he met Mr. Mr. Krein several years ago though a reading group dedicated to the philosopher Leo Strauss . ) During the cocktail hour , Mr. Thiel chatted Mr. Thiel philanthropist and Trump donor Rebekah Mercer , while writers and editors from The Washington Free Beacon , First Things , National Review , The American Conservative and other mostly     outlets worked the room . William Kristol of The Weekly Standard , a staunch    summed up the crowd as " a mix of normal people who come to conservative events , some interesting people who are distinctively Trumpian and a few lunatics . " And himself ? " I ’m representing the deep state , " Mr. Kristol joked . William Kristol Michael Lind , a member of the magazine ’s advisory board ( and a former conservative turned advocate of " liberal nationalism " ) credited Mr. Krein with " trying to scramble the categories of left , right and center . " " We ’ve already seen a partisan realignment , " Mr. Lind said . " What we ’re now seeing is an intellectual realignment , as both parties’ intellectuals try to catch up with their bases . " American both parties’ intellectuals grew out of The Journal of American Greatness , a pseudonymously written blog that Mr. Krein   —    a sometime contributor to The Weekly Standard   —    and others started last spring , out of frustration that no outlet wanted to publish their long , learned ,    essays . ( It abruptly shut down in    , declaring that what began as an " inside joke " had started being taken too seriously another offshoot , American Greatness , set up shop in July . ) The site is most famous for publishing Publius Decius Mus , the pseudonymous author of the incendiary    essay " The Flight 93 Election , " who was unmasked last month as Michael Anton , who is Mr. Anton wrote as Plautus , said his own favorite contributions included " The Red Album , " a satire of " # NeverTrump paranoia " Mr. Krein, who wrote as Plautus     on Joan Didion ’s classic essay " The White Album . " The first issue of American Affairs is similarly eclectic , if more squarely in the policy journal tradition . Mr. Anton wrote a critique of " the liberal international order , " and the economist David P. Goldman , better known for his columns under the pen name Spengler , contributed a    essay on technology and the United States . Mr. Anton Krein ’s essay on James Burnham ’s critique of the " managerial elite " takes whacks at both parties . The second issue , Mr. Krein said , will include more surprises , mixing newcomers with some prominent names one would n’t expect Mr. Krein’s there . As for the biggest name in American politics , Mr. Krein said the magazine took no " intellectual cues " from President Trump . " These are our ideas Mr. Krein’s he said . " We hope there ’s some overlap , but we are n’t going to sit around cheerleading the Mr. Krein’s . " 
 These These 