Rosie O’Donnell resumed Rosie O’Donnell    feud with Donald Trump this weekend on ABC ’s Match Game after the rebooted game show featured a question about the presumptive GOP presidential nominee . [ O’Donnell , actors Michael Ian Black , J. B. Smoove and Tituss Burgess and actresses Debra Messing and Sutton Foster were all asked by Match Game host Alec Baldwin : " Donald Trump has created a new Olympic event that Donald Trump knows Donald Trump can win . It ’s a contest to see who can [ BLANK ] the most times in 60 seconds . "   O’Donnell used the opportunity to sound off on O’Donnell favorite target : " You know my feelings of that orange slug , " O’Donnell told Alec Baldwin , drawing laughter and applause from the audience .   Burgess , O’Donnell and Black all answered " Lie . " " As the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel   …      I ’m lying , like the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      is . I ’m lying , " Black joked . Messing and Foster both answered , " Fart . " " the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      ’s just so stinky , " Foster added . the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      has ramped up the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      attacks on Trump in recent months . In May , the     comedian predicted that Trump will never be president " and said the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      " mouth looks like an anus . " Later that month , the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      went on a    tirade against the presumptive GOP nominee while serving as the opening act at a Boy George concert in New York . the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      referred to Trump Trump as an " orange piece of sh*t " and as a " sh*tstain with a tinge of orange . " the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      told the audience that the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      therapist had advised the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      not to focus so much of the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      energy on Trump Trump to which the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      replied : " I would rather give birth to a flaming iguana while taking a sh*t . I hate him birth I hate him birth " The two have feuded off and on since 2006 , when the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      questioned Trump Trump not stripping the crown of    USA Tara Conner over her   USA Tara Conner drug use . Trump Trump for back then by calling her   USA Tara Conner " loser . " the only person who is firmly on the Trump train here on this panel  …      has vowed to move to Canada if Trump Trump for the presidency . In an interview with Fox and Friends earlier this year , Trump Trump for that would be " a great thing for our country . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,    
 