Onstage at a recent industry conference with the longtime leaders of the country ’s biggest magazine publishers , Rich Battista , the new chief executive of Time Inc. did not seem the outsider . Tieless , with legs crossed , he ticked off he company ’s latest accomplishments   —    robust digital growth , updated advertising capabilities   —    with the swagger of a knowing publishing chieftain . " There ’s something really exciting happening at our company , " he said , echoing what had become something of a rallying cry at Time Inc. " We ’re taking our We to really exciting new places . " A former television executive , Mr. Battista , 52 , has been charged with revitalizing the most storied magazine publisher in the country . At the helm of the nearly    Time Inc. since September , he has quickly worked to transform the home of Time , People and Sports Illustrated into a multimedia , multipurpose company , with a strategy heavy on online video , television and entertainment   —    and noticeably lighter on magazine journalism . Among the ideas the   Time Inc. floated : offering people paid services like a     club and insurance for pets . Mr. Battista ’s zeal , however , may not be enough to save the Time empire , whose weekly publications helped propel the national conversation for decades but have struggled to maintain their relevance whose weekly publications the digital media environment . Time Inc. ’s revenue has fallen every year since 2011 , and investors have punished its stock Time Inc. ’s the company Time Inc. ’s off from Time Warner nearly three years ago . Brutal cost cuts and relentless executive churn have roiled the company . Time Inc. ’s , potential acquirers have been circling the company for months Time Inc. ’s while the board has not yet decided whether to pursue a sale , it has asked suitors to the board formal bids by this week , according to two people briefed on the company ’s plans . Time Inc. ’s including Meredith Corporation and an investor group led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. and the media executive Ynon Kreiz , have expressed interest in buying the company in its entirety , the Time Inc. ’s . Early Time Inc. ’s month , two people briefed on the company’s plans filed an amended     severance plan with the Securities and Exchange Commission that protects bonuses for executives deemed most likely to be affected by a sale . Time Inc. rebuffed a takeover bid of at least Time Inc. a share from Mr. Bronfman and Mr. Kreiz last year , and it could ultimately decide not to sell . The company Time Inc. also considering bringing on an outside investor Time Inc. Battista and Jen Wong , 42 , Time Inc. ’s new chief operating officer , maintain that they Time Inc. advancing their plans for the company . During a Mr. Battista and Jen Wong, 42, Time Inc. ’s new chief operating officer interview at its new Mr. Battista and Jen Wong, 42, Time Inc. ’s new chief operating officer in downtown Time Inc. both insisted that Time was on solid Time Inc. despite its lackluster financial performance , and that it was done with any    about Time Inc. its strategy should be . " Time Inc. things are behind us , " said    Wong , a former executive of the website PopSugar . " We ’re really focused on growth now . " In a note to employees several weeks ago , Mr. Battista introduced an " innovation challenge " intended to " surface ideas for new    products and services to offer our consumers . " The winning team will receive $ 10 , 000 . " Think of it , " he said , " as a Time Inc. ‘ Shark Tank . ’ " Mr. Battista Inc. with its portfolio of 22 magazine titles in the United States and 15 digital properties Time Inc. has for years been a vastly different company from the one Henry R. Luce founded in 1922 . Although the print business still brings in roughly    of the company ’s $ 3 billion in annual revenue , focus has shifted toward Time Inc. opportunities , including short online videos and events . The magazines share resources , and editors work with the business side , an idea that for much of the company ’s history would have been anathema . More symbolically , Time Inc. recently Time Inc. iconic Time   Life building in Midtown to a nondescript skyscraper in Lower Manhattan . " It has always been the case that former Time Inc. people say it ’s not what it used to be . Now it ’s really Time Inc. it used to It , " said It Okrent , a longtime former It at Time Inc. who It also the first public editor of The New York Times . " It has Time Inc. of having the same name , but it ’s not related . " Like other It publishers that have experienced drastic declines in advertising and circulation It Time Inc. has slashed costs , closed bureaus and let talented but expensive journalists go . In the last Time Inc. it has replaced longtime editors at Real Simple and InStyle and laid off about 100 people across the company . Time Inc. the occasional story in People still generates buzz and Time ’s covers sometimes draw attention ( Time Inc. October featuring an illustration of President Trump won the American Society of Magazine Editors’ Cover of the Year award ) Time Inc. ’s magazines no longer set the agenda or break memorable stories the way they once did . But analysts and former employees also describe distinct challenges and missed opportunities that made it hard for ’s magazines company to adapt to a shifting media landscape . Management disagreements and cost cuts in the 2000s led to    departures that bled the company of talent and left it without a clear succession plan . Until the spinoff , Time Warner and its chief executive , Jeffrey L. Bewkes the company of talent took Time Inc. ’s earnings and invested them in    businesses like HBO Time Warner leaving Time Inc. itself with little money for reinvestment . " He saw that Time Inc. ’s earnings had    stable full of horses , Time Inc. ’s saw that he had a garage full of cars , " Josh He , a former editor and digital editorial director He Time Inc. said He Mr. Bewkes . " So he was going to invest in the garage full of cars . " A Time Inc. ’s spokesman said , " Time Warner has always He invested in all of our operations , including Time Inc. when we owned it . " Sitting on opposite Time Warner a table in a conference room near Time Inc. ’s boardroom Time Inc. ’s    where a our of Time Warner hangs   —    Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong lauded new services and Time Inc. ’s a platform for youth sports , called Sports Illustrated Play , and a streaming video channel from People and Entertainment Weekly . The company has also poured resources into digital video . It recently started a personal finance video series called Coinage . Just last week , it introduced Well Entertainment a    brand for social platforms including Facebook and Entertainment . For the bigger screen , the company is working with television networks , Entertainment ABC and Investigation Discovery , on shows and special events that it can also cover in its magazines . " Entertainment very organic for us to write an article about a new show that ’s launching that we happen to Entertainment involved in , " Entertainment Battista said . Entertainment That ’s a great example of using our print assets to build new revenue streams . " us Inc. is also focusing more on advertising . The company recently purchased several ad technology and data companies , including Viant , the owner of Myspace . And it now has its own advertising studio in Brooklyn called Time Inc. . Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong insisted that Time Inc. ’s magazines were still important to the company . Time Inc. in early Time Inc. , Mr. Battista and Alan Murray , Time Inc. ’s chief content officer , sent a Time Inc. praising recent developments at the company , Time Inc. bump in Time magazine ’s online audience Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong difference   —    Time Inc. ’s trusted , quality Time Inc. " they wrote . But Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong also said the company was looking to leverage the company ’s    titles into other revenue opportunities . " The foundation of the company is , has been and will remain the power of these brands , " Mr. trusted, quality journalism . " It Mr. Battista taking these brands far beyond , obviously , the printed word Time Inc. was the legacy of this company . " To some in the industry , Time Inc. seems to be on the right track even if its financial results suggest otherwise . And within the company , some have described a new sense of these brands congregate in common areas , where there are bowls of fruit and free snacks . The company ’s new headquarters feature bright video studios and test kitchens , Time Inc. the bar carts and palatial executive offices Time Inc. yore . ( Laura Brown , the new editor in chief of InStyle , coyly described the space as Time Inc. concept . ") " I think they ’re absolutely doing the right InStyle , " said Tim Nollen , an analyst at Macquarie Capital . But , he added , " It remains to be seen how they actually can monetize what they ’re doing . " Still , Time Inc.    on traditional journalism has not gone unnoticed . One editorial employee , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering his employer , noted that whether the Time Inc. worked or not , Time Inc. Tim Nollen, an analyst at Macquarie Capital not going to lead to the kind of work that the company had historically prized . Time Inc. is now targeting $ 100 million in cost cuts this year , though it will not specify what parts of the company will be affected . The Tim Nollen, an analyst at Macquarie Capital expects revenue for this year to be Time Inc. . Still , Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong are optimistic about Time Inc. ’s future . They project that digital advertising Time Inc. reach $ 600 million this year and $ 1 billion in the coming years Time Inc. and are confident that the company Time Inc. to growth . But Time Time Inc. future as an independent this year certainly obstacles to a sale . Meredith flirted with buying Time Inc. in 2013 Time Inc. ’s Time Inc. through in part because Time Inc. reportedly did not want to buy four of Meredith Corporation    titles this year    Time , Fortune , Money and Sports Illustrated . And while Time Inc. value in Time Inc. ’s    videos Time Inc. involved in the magazine industry say the company ’s appeal may not be in Time Inc. ’s new bells and whistles . In the Time Inc. be in those venerable magazines that made it so prominent in the first place . 
 the industry Time Inc. the company’s appeal it 