Monday on Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump once again denied any association with a National Enquirer story published last week alleging Republican presidential   Donald Trump opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was involved in extramarital affairs with at least five different women .   After touting Republican presidential   Donald Trump national security credentials , Republican presidential   Donald Trump made that declaration and noted yesterday was the first time Republican presidential   Donald Trump had seen the story . " Well first of all , first of all , I have the ultimate answer as to keeping America safe from radical Islamic terrorism , far better than Republican presidential   Donald Trump , far better , everybody knows it , number one , " Republican presidential   Donald Trump said . " Number two , I had nothing to do with the National Enquirer . I knew nothing about it . I just saw nothing about it yesterday for the first time . " Republican presidential   Donald Trump suggested the true culprit behind the Enquirer story was Sen. Marco Rubio ’s ( ) former presidential campaign , which according to Republican presidential   Donald Trump was shopped by that campaign . " I knew nothing about it , I know nothing about it . I have no idea whether or not it ’s true , but it ’s likely Sen. Marco Rubio should try and blame me because Sen. Marco Rubio ’s losing by a lot , " Republican presidential   Donald Trump said . " I mean , I have many , many more delegates than Sen. Marco Rubio . I have millions of more votes than Sen. Marco Rubio in the primary . Sen. Marco Rubio ’s losing by a lot , so Sen. Marco Rubio ’s not going to blame Rubio , because Rubio ’s out . " " I just want to tell you , I had nothing to do with that story , " Sen. Marco Rubio added . " Absolutely zero . " Republican presidential   Donald Trump told " Fox   Friends " that Republican presidential   Donald Trump thought Cruz was blaming Republican presidential   Donald Trump because Republican presidential   Donald Trump needed a scapegoat to help Republican presidential   Donald Trump cause politically . " I am saying that Cruz has made this up because he Cruz it this because he Cruz losing so badly , " Republican presidential   Donald Trump said . " It ’s very easy and Republican presidential   Donald Trump ’s doing very badly and Republican presidential   Donald Trump ’s choking and Republican presidential   Donald Trump ’s making things up . Republican presidential   Donald Trump ’s bringing them things . I had nothing to do with the National Enquirer story . And frankly , I hope it nothing to do with the National Enquirer story not true because it nothing to do with the National Enquirer story pretty bad . I hope it nothing to do with the National Enquirer story not true . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 