The Hillary Clinton campaign is making a    effort to influence how moderators handle the presidential debates . [ The first debate Monday puts NBC News’ Lester Holt front and center as Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton square off for the first time . Team Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to Lester Holt in the debate The first debate Monday and often .   " This is the role of the moderator    …      to call out those lies , and do it in real those lies , " Clinton communications Hillary Clinton Jennifer Palmieri told reporters on a conference call . " To not do that is to give Donald Trump a very unfair advantage . Any candidate who tells this many lies clearly ca n’t win the debate on the merits . " " His level of Donald Trump is unprecedented in American politics , " Palmieri said of Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri . Fox Donald Trump Chris Wallace , who is moderating the final debate in Las Vegas , already said that his role is Fox News’ to be a   . But Lester Holt could Fox News’ . Holt is already drawing Fox News’ from conservatives fearing a " Candy Crowley " moment that could swing the debate . Breitbart News reported : Lester Holt is up Fox News’ He gets Trump and Clinton Fox News’ Hofstra University in New York on September 26 . It was originally supposed to be held at Wright State University in the battleground state of Ohio . But university President David Hopkins had to withdraw due to " rising security costs " of up to $ 11 million that the college had to pay . Hopkins , chastened , thanked Hofstra for at least allowing 15 Wright State students to attend the debate in New York . Hofstra has New York Clinton at Hofstra six figures for speaking fees . When Clinton spoke at Hofstra , the Bill Clinton touted him Hofstra a university President David Hopkins New Democrat’ Bill Clinton Hope . " At NBC News , Lester Holt replaced Brian Williams during a time of scandal . But he is working to establish himself as Bill Clinton other than a mere Bill Clinton Ford caretaker of the anchor ’s chair . Holt asked Hillary Clinton if she ever Lester Holt her Bill Clinton hurt " Bill Clinton to the Bill Clinton attacks on her . Referring to a young person in Bill Clinton town hall event who said that his generation feels Clinton is dishonest , Holt a young person in a town hall event who said that his generation feels Clinton is dishonest to Clinton Bill Clinton " And when Lester Holt said that Bill Clinton winced . " NewsBusters Lester Holt Holt for a number of comments during the Lester Holt that should make the Trump team very nervous about the primetime exposure that he is getting . Particularly , comments that Lester Holt made when he managed to interview The Lester Holt to his Lester Holt once at Trump Tower . 
 Lester Holt 