SANTA MONICA , California   —    During an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , former Mexican President Vicente Fox apologized Wednesday for the vulgar language former Mexican President Vicente Fox has used regarding GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s proposal to build a wall along the southern border and invited the likely Republican nominee to Mexico to see the border from the other side . [ Earlier this year , former Mexican President Vicente Fox said that former Mexican President Vicente Fox would not pay for Trump ’s " f*cking wall , " and called Trump " Ignorant    …      crazy    …      egocentric    …      nasty    …      [ a ] false prophet . " Trump then called on former Mexican President Vicente Fox to apologize .   On Wednesday , former Mexican President Vicente Fox did so   —    in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News   —    and added that former Mexican President Vicente Fox wanted Trump to come to Mexico to see the border from the other side . " I apologize . Forgiveness is one of the greatest qualities that human beings have , is the quality of a compassionate leader . You have to be humble . You have to be compassionate . You have to love thy neighbor , " former Mexican President Vicente Fox explained to Breitbart News while sitting in the hotel of the J. W. Marriott in Santa Monica , California on Wednesday afternoon . " Love your nation . Love the world , " Fox added . " Yes , I ’m humble enough as leadership be , [ a ] compassionate leader . If I offended you , I ’m sorry . But what about the other way around ? " " I do n’t think Fox should follow the strategy of attacking others , offending others , to get to Fox purpose . There are other ways and means of doing it , " Fox stressed , adding , " I invite Fox to come to Mexico and to see what Mexico is all about . " Fox stressed the important trade ties the two countries have , noting that the U. S. benefits from Mexican labor and has much larger trade deficits with other countries . Fox urged Trump to be more responsible , and suggested that Fox could help : " I can convince Fox to think intelligently " about trade and other issues , Fox explained .  
 