The number of companies announcing a ramping up of investment in the U. S. and the corresponding rush to create jobs for Americans , have jumped to a quicker pace since the election of Donald J. Trump to the White House . [ A look at announcements from various large companies shows that the private sector is becoming excited by the idea of a Donald J. Trump presidency .   Carrier Air Conditioner Manufacturing : 1 , 000 Jobs , First out of the block came the Carrier air conditioner manufacturing company . Late in November , Carrier announced Carrier had reached an agreement with the    to keep up to 1 , 000 jobs in Indiana , pulling back on plans to ship all manufacturing jobs to Mexico . SoftBank Telecommunications : 50 , 000 Jobs , On the heels of the Carrier announcement , Trump met with SoftBank Group Corp. founder and Chief Executive Officer Masayoshi Son at Tump Tower in New York City . As a result of the meeting , Trump announced that the Sprint cell network owner was pledging to invest $ 50 billion in the U. S. and planned to create as many as 50 , 000 new jobs . U. S. Steel : 10 , 000 Jobs , Next , during a December 7 broadcast of CNBC ’s Power Lunch , the CEO of U. S. Steel Mario Longhi said that after the election of Trump , he U. S. Steel: 10, 000 Jobs, Next, during a December 7 broadcast of CNBC’s Power Lunch, the CEO of U. S. Steel Mario Longhi " felt an environment of positive optimism where forces are converging to provide for a better environment , " which he U. S. Steel: 10, 000 Jobs, Next, during a December 7 broadcast of CNBC’s Power Lunch, the CEO of U. S. Steel Mario Longhi means he U. S. Steel: 10, 000 Jobs, Next, during a December 7 broadcast of CNBC’s Power Lunch, the CEO of U. S. Steel Mario Longhi rehire up to 10 , 000 employees who had been laid off . IBM : 25 , 000 Jobs , A week after U. S. Steel noted its U. S. Steel outlook on the U. S. economy , computing giant IBM also found its computing giant IBM had brightened and reported that it computing giant IBM to create up to 25 , 000 new jobs in the U. S. Small Businesses Suddenly Optimistic , Added to the companies listed above is the positive feeling for the immediate future expressed by the National Federation of Independent Business ( NFIB ) which recently said the small business climate has already improved since the November 8 election . " What a difference a day makes , " said Juanita Duggan " Before Election Day small business owners’ optimism was flat , and after Election Day it soared . " The NFIB Election Day hope owners’ the continued NFIB NFIB business NFIB on a Trump presidency . Duggan explained , " Federal taxes , regulations , and Obamacare are the three biggest impediments to running a small business in America . Small business owners have high expectations that those problems will be addressed . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 