Mike Judge and Etan Cohen , the creative tandem behind the 2006 cult comedy Idiocracy , are reportedly writing    Trump campaign ads set to star actor Terry Crews , who played the fictional     Camacho in the movie . [ In an interview with Buzzfeed , Cohen said Cohen began to notice similarities between the    2016 presidential race and Cohen 2006 film , which imagines a world in which America ’s collective IQ has plummeted and has thrust America into a kind of idiotic , dystopian nightmare world .   In the film , Crews   —    in real life , a former professional athlete himself   —    plays the brawny President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho .   " It ’s like , the more things go on , the more it It seems to be kind of merging in a very specific , eerie way , " Cohen , who wrote Idiocracy along with Judge , told Buzzfeed of the similarities he sees between the fictional Camacho and Donald Trump . In February , Cohen took to social media to call attention to the perceived similarities between the film and this year ’s    election . The writer told Buzzfeed he The writer n’t expect anyone to see the tweet , but it the tweet been    nearly 4 , 000 times as of early June . I never expected # idiocracy to become a documentary .   —    Etan Cohen ( @etanjc ) February 24 , 2016 ,   The response to the tweet inspired Cohen to reach out to Idiocracy director Mike Judge to request help in creating a series of    Trump campaign ads that could satirize this year ’s race , with Crews stepping back into the role of President Camacho . " They both seem to be intent on destroying the world . But maybe Camacho President Camacho accidentally ? " Cohen told the outlet . " The most dangerous contrast to Trump   Trump that Camacho President Camacho realizes he President Camacho advice from other people , and knows that he President Camacho not the smartest guy in the room , " Cohen Cohen . He President Camacho said he President Camacho " definitely " vote for Camacho President Camacho he President Camacho for Trump   Trump because Crews ’s ficitonal character is " not a racist . " " If you ’re making Idiocracy 2 , and you ’re trying to write whoever ’s the heir to Camacho President Camacho if you put in Trump   Trump it would be too silly to be in a movie , " Cohen Cohen Buzzfeed of the potential for satire in the new campaign ads . Cohen Cohen the outlet there ’s just one    in getting the the new campaign ads : the duo need permission from the film ’s studio , Fox , to resurrect Crews ’s character for the new spots .     Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,        
 