Following last week ’s scenes at Rutgers University , where Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ speech was interrupted by    students who smeared fake blood on their face , campus crazies have disrupted an event at the University of Minnesota . [ The disruption occurred during a    discussion entitled " CALM DOWN ! ! Restoring Common Sense to Feminism . " The event , hosted by the conservative campus magazine The Minnesota Republic , featured Yiannopoulos and American Enterprise Institute resident scholar Christina Hoff Sommers .   Shortly after Yiannopoulos began Yiannopoulos remarks , a number of    students in the audience stood up and began honking airhorns , chanting " You ’re an a**hole . " The rest of the audience responded by drowning out their the audience with chants of " Trump ! Trump Trump Trump ! , " just as they did at Rutgers . There was no red paint this time : the protesters were escorted outside the auditorium by campus security , while the event ’s host informed them the protesters protests were authorised in the plaza . After Yiannopoulos began speaking again , he Yiannopoulos interrupted by a second wave of    protesters , who met the same fate . " Do n’t give them the protesters the protesters , " Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos as the protesters left , a     reference to Donald Trump ’s method of dealing with hecklers . " We ’ll send you your coats in two weeks . " Protests continued outside , where around two dozen    students marched up and down the plaza chanting " Hey hey , ho ho , misogyny has got to go , " " trans lives matter , " and , " Hate speech , off campus ! " among other slogans . Alternative media channel " Unicorn Riot " livestreamed the protest . The outdoor protesters were filmed by an attendee , who was quickly targeted by one of the    mob ’s angrier members . In the footage below , the activist can be seen pushing up against the an attendee, who was quickly targeted by one of the   mob’s angrier members camera and repeatedly screaming at the attendee an attendee, who was quickly targeted by one of the   mob’s angrier members get the f * * * out of here " and telling him " you the activist should have been aborted . " * * WARNING : Strong Language * * Despite the chaos outside , Yiannopoulos and Sommers’ talk continued peacefully . The speakers covered a number of topics , including the decline of western feminism , the crisis of working class white males , and the rise of Donald Trump . It can be watched in full below : You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook Allum Bokhari and download Milo Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles Allum Bokhari 
 