Remember the 1950 movie , All About Eve ? [ In that classic tale of ambition and treachery which won six Oscars , an ambitious Broadway wannabe , Eve Harrington , played by Anne Baxter , connives to push aside and replace an established star , Margo Channing , played by the legendary Bette Davis .   In the film , All About Eve is described , cuttingly and accurately , as having " contempt for humanity   …      [ an ] inability to love and be loved , insatiable ambition , " and , yes , " talent . " So what does that have to do , you might be asking , with Megyn Kelly ?    At Breitbart News , we ’ve been following , with dread fascination , Megyn Kelly ’s relentless rise , and rise , and rise .   Megyn Kelly , working at Breitbart News since 2004 , first attracted real attention in 2010 , when Megyn Kelly was photographed in GQ magazine in a risqué nightgown and sexy poses , better suited for a Victoria ’s Secret model than a journalist . The photo shoot raised eyebrows at the time , and , for a while , Megyn Kelly was notably buttoned up on the air .    Yet six years later , in 2016 , looking back at the incident , Megyn Kelly told People magazine that Megyn Kelly had no regrets : " I would n’t have done it if I thought it was something to be ashamed about . "    Indeed , just a few months after that , during the Cleveland Republican convention , in the midst of the controversy that led to Roger Ailes’ ouster from the channel he Roger Ailes’ , Kelly sported another daring outfit that Breitbart ’s Alex Swoyer described as " low cut ,    top   …      resembling a bikini . " The reaction in the Twitterverse was brutal : " Megyn Kelly ’s outfit s ridiculously unprofessional . So disappointing . " The reaction in the trade magazines was equally harsh : Under the headline , " Megyn Megyn Kelly for Baring Flesh During Convention Coverage , " The Wrap quoted one observer declaring that she " Megyn Kelly like she ’s Megyn Kelly for an escort service . "    So what do we make of this ? Kelly seems Megyn Kelly want it both ways : She wants Megyn Kelly be a    news anchor and    " talent . " It ’s a free country   but one can observe that most serious news consumers care about tone as well as content —   gravitas , not celebrity . They want most serious news consumers care about tone as well as content —  gravitas, not celebrity matters presented in a serious manner —   by serious people . Of course , the moment that really vaulted Kelly into the stratosphere came during the first Republican debate , on August 6 , 2015 . As we all remember , that was when Kelly asked Kelly Trump a    question about his past Donald Trump about various women .    Trump reacted Donald Trump , feeling that he had Donald Trump ambushed , singled out for especially harsh treatment . But in fact , in the course of the evening , Kelly proved Kelly she had Kelly in for all the Republican candidates . And Breitbart was Donald Trump it : it days after the debate , on August 11 , 2015 ,     Alexander Marlow and I    a piece titled , " The Arrogance of Power : Megyn Kelly ’s ‘ Good Journalism . ’ " We ’re still proud of that piece , because we carefully We all of Kelly ’s questions to all the GOP candidates that night , noting that they were all the GOP candidates nasty beanballs —   of the type that , say , CBS would ask . And so we concluded We if the test of " good journalism " for an interviewer is " questions designed to elicit informational responses that will be helpful to viewers , " well , then , she flunked . As we wrote We " Kelly failed in her duties Kelly Thursday night . " Others here at Breitbart also weighed in . For example , Matthew Boyle observed that , ironically enough , Trump had emerged from the exchange as the victor , because Kelly let Kelly biases Kelly —   and what Republican does n’t win in a shootout with the MSM ? Meanwhile , Boyle continued Matthew Boyle Kelly had Kelly herself : Kelly She ’s Kelly as having a point of view , rather than being a purely impartial arbiter of news . " Of course , the MSM the MSM Kelly had Kelly the   . And as a result , she was Kelly in seemingly every magazine , including such fashionista pubs as Vogue and More .   And thus did Kelly begin Kelly next phase of her Eve Kelly ascent . Here at Breitbart , we caught that too . As Daniel Nussbaum reported in April , " She may Kelly be at Fox News much longer . " Yet at the same time , we could n’t escape the feeling that Kelly was Kelly : Yes , she is Kelly and attractive , but at the same time , she comes Kelly as cold and calculating . So we were n’t we when Kelly solicited Kelly meeting with Trump in April , mostly April that she could Kelly him on Kelly in her upcoming Kelly special on the Fox broadcast network . Trump agreed , Trump bemused by Kelly ’s Kelly as he quipped , Kelly he had " Kelly " in making her into a Kelly , she should give Kelly " half Kelly salary . Kelly    Unfortunately for Kelly , despite Kelly massive PR blitz , her special was Kelly fizzle .    Of course , Megyn was still on the move . In the wake of the controversy that felled Roger Ailes —   a controversy in which Megyn actively undermined the Megyn who had given her such a Kelly career —   Kelly did n’t Kelly to care that she had disrupted Kelly one TV network that tens of millions of Americans trust . As Breitbart ’s Boyle reported on July 19 , as many as 50 Fox hosts and contributors are prepared to quit , either in protest of the Ailes departure , or to seek better opportunities in this new media environment , in which Fox ’s status seems Fox to erode . And on the same day , just a few hours later , Boyle followed up with Boyle story , aptly headlined , " Megyn Against the World at Fox . "   Fox have attacked Boyle ’s reporting , Boyle fact , it ’s still early in the next chapter of the story , the story another story ,    Ailes . Fox the meantime , it ’s clear that something is it on . The New York Times headlined its story on July 27 , The New York Times A Stony Silence at Fox News After Ailes ’s Departure . " The   Ailes on the    issue The New York Times The New York Times among Fox ’s marquee names . Such interaction is , after all , the essence of the " chemistry " that makes a program enticing to viewers . As they say in TV , Nobody likes to watch a feud between people who do n’t like each other . And so these words from the Times ought to be setting off alarm The New York Times Fox HQ :   Megyn Kelly and her    including Bret Baier and Brit Hume , have not been speaking during commercial breaks , according to two people with direct knowledge of the anchors’ interactions , who described the    atmosphere at Fox News as icy . We might note , almost unnecessarily , that " icy " is the opposite of good chemistry . So yeah , we ’ve been following Kelly for a while , We blonde ambition is Kelly old story —   one that goes back a lot further than Eve Harrington . Indeed , movie buffs might recall that at the end of All About Eve , the title character confronts an even younger woman , who , of course , intends to replace her . ( For those interested , the entire About Eve archive on Kelly can be found here . ) Meanwhile , Kelly rumor mill is buzzing : On July 28 , Hollywoodlife . com , operated by Bonnie Fuller , a    entertainment veteran , blared this screaming headline : " Megyn Kelly : Bill O’Reilly Wants Her Out At Fox After Her Sexual Harassment Claim Megyn Kelly "   Using the Megyn Kelly so favored by tabloids , the story declared : " Big Bill wants her OUT at FOX after her claims that former Megyn Kelly and CEO Fox Ailes Megyn Kelly harassed her , HollywoodLife . com has EXCLUSIVELY learned . Megyn Kelly Not every tabloid story is true , of course , but as we have learned , the tabs often have a better batting average than the MSM . For her part , whether or not O’Reilly is a Megyn Kelly , Kelly seems to intent moving on Fox , it Megyn Kelly , was just a stepping stone for her . And that stuff about " fair and Megyn Kelly " ? You know , the watchwords which most journalists at Fox strive to live by ? Well , we Fox have to see .   Such cynical thoughts came to mind as I read that Kelly was making the scene at CNN at the Megyn Kelly Under the headline , " Megyn Kelly Steps the headline " Politico reported on just how at home she felt :   The Fox News star rolled into the CNN Grill with Dana Megyn Kelly and at least three Fox News last night ’s DNC festivities . The pair mostly kept to themselves , save for chatting with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Don Lemon and Jeff Zucker The pair Kelly was nursing what appeared CNN be a mixed drink and Perino a glass of wine Megyn Kelly There were some selfies with fans and even an official Dana Perino from an event photographer . One guest was overheard talking to Kelly about looking for a job . " I might need one soon as well , Megyn Kelly Kelly joked . Ha ha . Yes , Kelly ’s a good joke about jobs : " I might need one soon . " But in fact , discussion of next jobs is an extremely touchy subject in television . Why ? Because under the terms of most TV contracts , talent is forbidden to entertain any discussion of other employment , except for a narrowly defined window of time —   typically a month before the contract expires . From a business point of view , this " window " provision makes good sense otherwise , poaching would be a nonstop subject of discussion and gossip , thereby distracting both performers and viewers .   And yet here ’s Kelly , schmoozing with no less than Jeff Zucker , the president of CNN .    Megyn Kelly did she just violate the terms Jeff Zucker contract ? And if CNN , what will Fox do    it ? Stay tuned .    thing , though , is for sure Fox No man is going to tell Megyn Kelly what to do —   none would dare . In the meantime , we Megyn Kelly fasten our seatbelts it ’s going to be a bumpy " ride as " Eve " Kelly continues her we ascent . 
 Kelly Kelly Megyn Kelly 