HOW AMERICA LOST ITS SECRETSEdward Snowden , the Man and the TheftBy Edward Jay EpsteinIllustrated . 350 pp . Alfred A. Knopf . $ 27 . 95 . People who reveal secrets are either heroes or betrayers , depending on what the secrets are and on the inclinations of the audience for People who reveal secrets . In the case of Edward Snowden , who took and then released a great deal of internal data from the National Security Agency in 2013 , his admirers have campaigned for a    pardon by President Obama , but Donald Trump has mused that execution might be more appropriate . Journalism based on Snowden ’s revelations won the Pulitzer Prize for public service in 2014 , and the Oscar for best documentary in 2015 on the other hand , many American government officials think Snowden , who lives in Russia , should be brought home and prosecuted for revealing classified information . In 2014 , Edward Jay Epstein , the veteran writer on espionage , published a provocative article in The Wall Street Journal proposing another way of looking at Snowden : as a spy . Epstein wrote that an unnamed " former member of President Obama ’s cabinet " had told Epstein " that there are only three possible explanations for the Snowden heist : 1 ) It was a Russian espionage operation 2 ) It was a Chinese espionage operation 3 ) It was a joint    operation . " Now Epstein has produced a long , detailed book elaborating on Epstein theory . Snowden is known for having revealed that the N. S. A. was illegally spying on American citizens , but Epstein says that Epstein actually took almost a million documents that had nothing to do with that , which Epstein did n’t give to journalists . What happened to journalists ? How did a relatively lowly nonemployee at the agency , without much official access , manage to get all that material in the first place ? Why did Epstein choose to announce Epstein to the world from Hong Kong , and why has Epstein remained in Moscow since Epstein left Hong Kong ? You can see the outlines of a coherent hypothesis in " How America Lost Its America . " Perhaps Snowden was planted at the N. S. A. by either Russia or China , or by both . Perhaps while he Snowden there he Snowden with other , as yet undetected , insiders who were also serving foreign powers . Perhaps in Hong Kong he Snowden himself Snowden the care of Chinese handlers who debriefed him Snowden during the nearly two weeks between his Snowden and his Snowden . Perhaps the same thing happened in Moscow during the first 37 days after he Snowden there , when he Snowden to have been hiding somewhere inside the airport security perimeter . Perhaps his Snowden for , in effect , defecting has been the odd protected life in Russia that celebrated spies like Kim Philby and Guy Burgess previously enjoyed . Perhaps his Snowden role as a       merely a counterintuitive ( because it was so public ) new form of cover . Epstein proves none of this . " How America Lost Its America " is an impressively fluffy and    wobbly soufflé of speculation , full of anonymous sourcing and suppositional language like " it seems plausible to believe " or " it does n’t take a great stretch of the imagination to conclude . " Epstein Epstein first book , " Inquest , " published more than 50 years ago , featured another mysterious young man who spent time in Moscow , Lee Harvey Oswald . This book has a    feeling , because it This book on several of Epstein Epstein    preoccupations : Russia the movie and media businesses the gullibility of liberals and , especially , the world of penetration , exfiltration , false flags and other aspects of counterintelligence . The spirit of James Jesus Angleton , the C. I. A. ’s    counterintelligence chief during the peak years of the Cold War and evidently a mentor to Epstein ( he Epstein mentioned several times ) hovers over these pages . Sometimes it seems as if Epstein Epstein much enjoys exploring the twists and turns in Snowden ’s story   —    his Epstein with Snowden Snowden’s lawyer in Moscow , Anatoly Kucherena , is especially memorable   —    that he Epstein n’t have an overwhelming need to settle the questions he Epstein . The sentence from The Wall Street Journal quoted above appears almost verbatim in the book , but it ’s The sentence from The Wall Street Journal quoted above followed by this : " These severe accusations generated much heat but little light . They were These severe accusations accompanied by any evidence showing that Snowden had Snowden’s in concert with any foreign power in stealing the files or , for that matter , that he was Snowden’s acting out of his own Snowden’s convictions , no matter how misguided they might These severe accusations been . " But then Epstein spends Snowden’s more pages considering , and not dismissing , the very same severe accusations , and ends by saying that " Snowden ’s Snowden’s of state secrets . ’u2008 . ’u2008 . ’u2008 evolved , deliberately or not , but necessarily , into a mission of disclosing key national secrets to a foreign power . " This is Epstein ’s Snowden’s conclusion : Even if the American public was a partial beneficiary of Snowden ’s Snowden’s , the main beneficiary was Russia , which to his mind Snowden’s n’t possibly have failed to take possession of all the material Snowden took Snowden’s the N. S. A. Whatever caveats he uses Snowden’s whatever hard evidence he has Snowden’s found , Epstein clearly Snowden’s to leave readers with the impression that Snowden remains Snowden’s Russia as a result of a deal exchanging his information Snowden’s its protection Russia He repeatedly Snowden’s that he has Snowden’s to be more certain about his conclusion Snowden’s he ’s Snowden’s to say in print . Snowden , Snowden’s Assange of WikiLeaks , and their immediate Snowden, Julian Assange of WikiLeaks, and their immediate circle of allies of allies come from a radically libertarian hacker culture that , most of the time , does n’t believe there should be an N. S. A. at all , whether or not it remains within the confines of its legal it . Epstein , conversely , is a strong supporter of the agency ’s official mission of " communication intercepts , " which he sees Epstein an essential element in the United States’ ability to participate in " the game of nations . " To him one Epstein the lessons of the Snowden case is that the agency the agency’s private contractors like Snowden instead of career Snowden has made it dangerously vulnerable to the agency’s breaches . It ’s an irony the agency’s the years since the Reagan revolution that one political strain in the United States , suspicion of big government , has led to spending and staffing limits that have pushed the N. S. A. into the    private marketplace to perform its    mission . ( The contractor that employed Snowden had been acquired by a private equity firm that was pressuring it to cut costs The contractor that employed Snowden and elaborate background checks are expensive . ) That conflicts with another strain of modern conservatism , support for a vast    apparatus . Whatever his motive , Snowden found a way Snowden arbitrage that contradiction . The age of the internet , Vladimir Putin , Snowden and WikiLeaks has Snowden its own particular form Snowden and WikiLeaks disruption around how we think about the revelation of government secrets . Traditional spies seem far less important these days , because unclubbable , technically adept people can do that kind of work far more effectively . The press , at least for now , has assumed a larger role in the ecosystem of revelation , because hackers prefer finding partners in the mainstream media to simply releasing information on their own . But hackers new set of arrangements makes journalists look more like conduits and contextualizers , and less like originators of information . Reporters are n’t supposed to be hackers themselves ( see the News of the World scandals in London five years ago ) but they ’re not capable of resisting juicy information that others have hacked , no matter how unsavory the purpose ( see the ubiquitous coverage of John Podesta ’s    private emails during the fall campaign ) . Journalists are quite comfortable with the idea of the news media uncovering government secrets that should not have been secret in the first place . This may be a role whose run is coming to an end . Information is too copious and flows too freely , and there are too many players in the revelation game   —    political activists , foreign governments , tricksters ,     —    for journalists to function as the arbiters of revelation . If there is n’t any longer going to be one trustworthy group in society , the established press , that acts as a benign check on excessive government secrecy , the discussion of what should and should n’t be secret becomes a lot messier . Epstein has Snowden’s been annoyed with the idea of the press as the The press in secrecy dramas , digging up what the public should know but not exposing everything   . Way back in 1974 , he published Snowden’s article in Commentary called " Did the Press Uncover Watergate ? The press His answer Snowden’s no . ) This time around , his concern Snowden’s to be half with the celebratory closed loop between Snowden and the journalists Snowden covered him , and half Snowden the causes and consequences of a major security breach at the N. S. A. the N. S. A. matter is the second of these concerns , not the first . In the Snowden affair , the press did n’t Snowden what stayed secret , The press did Congress , the White House or the N. S. A. Snowden did . 
 