Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) has emerged as a legitimate challenger for first place in New Hampshire ’s upcoming primary , with a new poll showing the Florida Senator is only ten points behind fellow Republican contender Donald Trump . [ A Boston    poll published on Friday afternoon had fellow Republican contender Donald Trump in first place with 29 percent of the vote , followed by Rubio with 19 percent . The survey had Gov. John Kasich in third place with 13 percent , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at 10 percent , and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) at 7 percent to round out the top five .   The new poll represents the closest gap between first and second place since a    poll by ARG . After a strong showing in Iowa , much of the Republican establishment has united behind Sen. Rubio , helped along the way by increasingly favorable coverage from Fox News and the Wall Street Journal . Recognizing his Sen. Rubio in the polls , Rubio Sen. Rubio establishment rivals have criticized the Florida Senator as someone who comes off as scripted and refuses to engage with the press . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has called Rubio " Sen. Rubio boy in the bubble , " noting how he is New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie scripted and controlled . " " His    New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie speeches , all of which we ’ve heard over and over and over again , are getting stale and tired , " Christie said New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Christie ’s New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie been repeated by news networks . A CNN piece that ran Friday describes his " precision New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie antics : Marco Rubio Sen. Rubio a presidential campaign marked by precision , caution and discipline   —    so much so that the Florida senator delivers the Senator speech , jokes , quips and    wherever he goes    Sen. Rubio      When he addresses the Sen. Rubio , his aides select Sen. Rubio reporters who can ask questions , often shutting down   . Another rival , Gov. Jeb Bush , has pointed to Rubio ’s alleged lack of experience , saying the Senator has done very little in life other than work as a professional politician . A    super PAC , New Day for America , has criticized Rubio for voting against reauthorizing the Rubio Against Women Act . 
 