Hillary Clinton ’s reputation is slipping with Democrats , while Donald Trump has seen Donald Trump standing with Republicans improve , according to a new study from the Reputation Institute , a global business consultancy . [ the Reputation Institute ’s " Presidential RepTrak " index measures the reputation of Hillary Clinton’s and Trump , drawing from voters’ perceptions of the candidates on multiple individual characteristics and policy prescriptions .   Hillary Clinton’s ’s standing with Democrats has slipped since last month , with Hillary Clinton’s overall reputation falling to 66 in the RepTrak index , from a high of 70 . 8 . Trump Trump reputation among Republicans has risen steadily since March , as he Trump the Republican nomination . His Trump reputation among GOP voters has climbed from a weak 43 in March March 53 . 9 in the June RepTrak survey . While solidifying their GOP voters within their GOP voters parties , both Clinton and Trump have very poor reputations with Independents . Any positive perceptions voters have of Clinton Clinton driven by their voters of her Clinton positions , while Trump Trump positives are driven by his Trump qualities . " If this is a race based on policy , Clinton Clinton , " said Stephen    US and Canada managing director of Reputation Institute . " If it ’s based on personality , Trump Trump , " he Stephen   US and Canada managing director of Reputation Institute . In the broadest sense , RepTrak , by evaluating a candidate ’s reputation , measures their a candidate . Most polling asks whether or not a voter has a favorable impression of a candidate . This single , binary choice gives a snapshot of voters’ perceptions , but not real indication of the strength of feeling or , even , its importance . By measuring a candidate ’s reputation , though , RepTrak can gauge " the emotional connection consumers have to a brand . " The higher a brand ’s reputation with voters , or consumers , the more likely a person is to buy a product or service or recommend that brand to others . While this is important for companies , it this particularly relevant for political candidates . The most powerful resource of any campaign is individual voter contact with family , friends and colleagues . The higher a candidate ’s reputation with voters , the more likely voters are to be advocates for the candidate . The Institute ’s RepTrak index measures a candidate ’s reputation by evaluating the " U. S. general public ’s perceptions of the candidates’ platforms across seven reputational dimensions : economic growth , national security , education and innovation , global relations , health and wellness , social investment and executive leadership . " In short , RepTrak RepTrak down " why " voters feel a certain way towards a candidate , which can be more predictive of election outcomes than simple " favorability " measurements . In New York State , for example , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders was viewed as far more " likeable " than Clinton . On the issue of " executive leadership , " though , Clinton Clinton a decided edge over Sanders Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Empire New York State . Clinton won Clinton Democrat primary in New York handily . In looking at the " seven reputational dimensions , " Clinton scores Clinton with Democrats in each issue area , but is dragged down by perceptions of her personal Clinton . Clinton ’s Clinton reputation with Democrats directly rises and falls with their beliefs Democrats her honesty Clinton Trump scores Trump with Republicans on economic growth , national security and executive leadership . He scoress Clinton well on education , health and social investments . The upside for Trump is he has Clinton ability to improve in these areas as a fleshes out his positions Clinton platform . Both candidates have poor reputations with Independent voters . Just     Independents say they will Just    Independents strongly support " either candidate in November . According to the study , " the characteristics that respondents associate with Trump are Trump , extrovert , ambitious and authoritarian . " Trump " Trump work on adopting more positive traits to add to his brand Trump , " the study the study Clinton , though , is perceived to be " ambitious , but also arrogant , snobby and controlling . " Only 52 percent of Democrats perceive Clinton as " Clinton and trustworthy . " Again , Clinton ’s overall Clinton , even with Democrats , is contingent , to a large degree , with voters’ views of her honesty . Clinton Presidential RepTrak index , which is being released monthly , is a useful measure for evaluating the    of the general election campaign . Presidential candidates are closer to brands than a collection of individual policy prescriptions or proposals . Clinton ’s brand Clinton helped by voters perceptions of her attributes in Clinton policy areas , but hurt by questions about her personality and Clinton especially , honesty . For Trump , the opposite is true . He scores best Trump voters evaluate him as a Trump , but poorer when judging him on specific Trump . His weaknesses can Trump be fixed . Clinton ’s task Clinton’s difficult . 
 