It turns out that the millionaire GOP establishment donor who bankrolled the    Trump skywriting at the Rose Bowl parade on New Year ’s Day is n’t just any ordinary    millionaire .    ’s backing Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) the man who is emerging as the    establishment and    candidate for president in 2016 . [ According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Luther Stan Pate IV —   an Alabama real estate developer worth millions —   has donated thousands of dollars to Rubio ’s electoral efforts .   On Jan. 29 , 2015 , Pate donated $ 5 , 200 to Rubio —   who , at the time , had n’t yet officially launched a presidential campaign but was acting as if Pate were running for president . Just days earlier , ABC News’ Jonathan Karl reported exclusively that Rubio had hired Anna Rogers , then the finance director for Karl Rove ’s American Crossroads , to lead " the effort to raise the $ 50 million or more Jonathan Karl ’ll need to run in the Republican primaries . " " Jonathan Karl has told us to proceed as if Jonathan Karl is running for president , " a senior Rubio adviser told ABC News for the piece , which ran on Jan. 23 , 2015 —   six days before Pate ’s donation to Rubio . A couple months later , Pate gave another $ 2 , 500 to Rubio , according to the Center for Responsible Politics . Later in the year , after Rubio launched Rubio presidential campaign , the Rubio campaign returned $ 5 , 000 of the $ 7 , 700 total that Pate had donated to Rubio . That is standard operating procedure because the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) only allows donors to make a total of $ 2 , 700 to an individual presidential candidate . Pate is the man who set up , on Dec. 29 , a new    Political Action Committee . FEC filings show that Pate is listed as the Treasurer and Custodian of Records for the new group entitled the " WeThePeople Foundation . " That organization wrote messages like " America is great . Trump is disgusting " and " Anybody but Trump and " Iowans dump Trump Trump in the sky at the Rose Bowl with at least five skywriting planes on Friday . Skywriting is a fairly expensive endeavor , and doing so with five planes makes it Skywriting more expensive . The skywriting also directed viewers to the Rubio    Pate ’s new PAC website , " " target="_blank" > also picked up by various local bloggers . It was n’t Pate the Rubio   Pate first difficulty with the councilmen and he the Rubio   Pate frustrated . " He the Rubio   Pate Pate ] fought us     to get that money , " Plott said . " But I did n’t think public dollars should be spent on a private business . He the Rubio   Pate a public crusade to try to destroy me . " Pate the Rubio   Pate conceived a Web site aimed at fomenting discord against Plott Plott Amidst the many charges of corruption on www . theplottthickens . com , a dormant discussion board asks for feedback on the councilman and a line on the a Web site aimed at fomenting discord against Plott , " I am Stan the Rubio   Pate I approve this message , " then gives a Northport post office box address . Pate admits the Rubio   Pate having founded the site and a Web site aimed at fomenting discord against Plott reason for such . " I filed an ethics complaint that is a matter of public record against Mr. Plott , " Pate said the Rubio   Pate " and I made it very clear in multiple ads and in the newspaper and in Tuscaloosa and on various publications that I feel like Mr. Plott ’s dealings Mr. Plott was on the city Mr. Plott were unethical and corrupt . " At this time , Rubio ’s team is not disavowing the efforts his donor Pate has taken Rubio’s team Trump . Alex Conant , Rubio ’s communications director , Rubio not responded to a request for comment when presented with evidence that the Rubio campaign ’s donors are behind this attack on Trump . While Trump has Trump with pretty Trump everyone in the entire GOP field in 2016 , he ’s crushed a few Trump : former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Rand Paul ( ) are among those still running . And outgoing Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) former New York Gov. George Pataki and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are among those not running anymore . But there are a few candidates that Trump is treating carefully . Rubio is one of them . Trump has been a few candidates that Trump is treating carefully critical Trump Rubio ’s    positions on Rubio , his work on trade , Rubio Rubio ’s horrendous attendance record Rubio comes to votes and national security briefings in the U. S. Senate . But he has n’t gone as Trump after Rubio as he has gone after Rubio Trump , Bush . Rubio is the last remaining    Rubio who ’s got a clear shot at the nomination . Bush and Kasich and New Jersey Bush Chris Christie all could bounce back , but each of them is struggling and Rubio is Bush and Kasich and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie all only    in Rubio    of polling along with Trump , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Dr. Ben Carson . That means Rubio presents basically the only threat Rubio conservatives’ chances in 2016 —   and now that Rubio ’s team is coming after Rubio aggressively , with the skywriting above the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , Rubio may have just inadvertently wandered into Rubio bear ’s den . 
 