TEL AVIV   —    Donald Trump ’s speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) on Monday was followed closely by the main Palestinian jihadist factions here .   the main Palestinian jihadist factions here were eager to comment to Breitbart Jerusalem on the GOP frontrunner ’s statements about the    conflict . [ Hamas official Ismail Radwan told Breitbart Breitbart Jerusalem Donald Trump revealed Donald Trump as a complete and utter supporter of the    Israeli occupation . Hamas considers Hamas of Israel to be " occupied " territory .   " We are hardly taken aback by what Trump , a controversial personality , says , " stated Radwan . Hamas official Ismail Radwan Donald Trump has no consistent ideology , so in effect , what Donald Trump said was pretty predictable . " " Hamas never Hamas hope for the American administrations , and we do n’t expect this year ’s election to change anything , " Donald Trump added . " Trump and the American people are entirely biased in favor of the Israeli occupation . " Speaking to Breitbart Jerusalem , Abu Ayaa    a senior Salafi leader in Gaza allied with the Islamic State , responded to Trump ’s Trump and the American people , if elected president , he will move elected president U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . " We ’re working on getting rid of Israel , so the whereabouts of the American embassy the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv matter , " stated Ansari . " Trump ’s statements Trump and the American people , just like what every infidel says , " Ansari said . " As Muslims Ansari we do n’t believe in states , borders , and embassies , and most certainly not in Israel ’s right to exist . Israel have to focus on imposing we rule of Islam wherever we are , to signal to we infidels that their support of the enemy is the infidels . " " We are a nation that believes we Allah , and believes that Allah will keep his promise to Allah the world Allah the help of the mujahedeen and establish the Islamic caliphate , " Ansari added . " Even if it takes time , it is bound to happen as it as there are fighters who believe in Allah and his teachings . " Dahoud Shihab Ansari the main Islamic Jihad spokesperson , commented that Trump ’s AIPAC speech attests to the influence of what he referred to as the " Trump’s AIPAC speech lobby " in America . " Trump reflected what every American politician Trump’s AIPAC , because they have no intention of confronting Israel over pursuing the Palestinian cause , " he told Breitbart Jerusalem . " Trump’s AIPAC is n’t a single Palestinian , not even in the Palestinian Authority , who thinks that Trump or any other candidate will Trump’s AIPAC a positive impact for the Palestinians , " he added . On Monday , Trump’s AIPAC Jerusalem selected the five most Breitbart Jerusalem of Trump ’s speech to AIPAC . That list reads as follows : 1   —    Trump said he will " dismantle Trump’s AIPAC disastrous Trump’s AIPAC with Iran . " My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . I the disastrous deal with Iran long time . Iran know    and let me tell you , this deal is catastrophic   —    for America , for the disastrous deal with Iran and for the whole Middle East . However , he stopped short of pledging to Trump’s AIPAC nix the international nuclear accord signed in Vienna last year . He stated at AIPAC that " Trump’s AIPAC the very least , we must hold Iran accountable by restructuring the terms of the previous AIPAC . " Iran the sentiments of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Trump said Iran should suffer immediate Trump’s AIPAC for likely violating U. N. Security Council Iran 2231 by conducting a series of ballistic missile tests in recent days . Netanyahu last week called for Western powers to take " immediate punitive Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu " against Iran for the missile tests . Trump stated : The deal is Iran on test missiles but those tests do violate UN Security Council Resolutions . The problem is the missile tests one has done anything about it . Which brings me to my next point   —    the no one weakness and incompetence of the United Nations . 2   —    Trump declared he will check Iran Trump’s AIPAC growing Trump’s AIPAC dominance . The GOP frontrunner affirmed that as Iran he will " stand up to Trump’s AIPAC ’s aggressive push to destabilize and dominate the region . " Iran Iran ’s support for terrorism worldwide , from Syria to the Gaza The GOP frontrunner Iran and beyond . " They ’ve got terror cells everywhere , including in the western hemisphere very close to home , " he said . " Iran is the biggest sponsor of terrorism around the world and The GOP frontrunner will work Iran dismantle that reach . " This policy of countering Iran ’s regional influence stands in stark contrast to President Obama ’s own coddling Iran , and the president ’s orientation away from America ’s traditional Sunni Arab allies Iran 3   —    Trump said he opposes the United Nations unilaterally declaring a Palestinian state . An agreement imposed by the Trump would be a total and complete disaster . The United States must oppose this the United Nations use the power of our veto . Why America ’s not how you make a deal . Deals are made America parties come to the table and negotiate . Each side must give up something it values in exchange for something it requires . A deal that imposes conditions on Israel and the Palestinian Authority will do nothing to bring it . It will only further delegitimize Israel and it would reward Palestinian terrorism , because every day they are stabbing Israelis   —    and Israel Americans Israel He further threatened to veto " any attempt Palestinian terrorism the UN to impose its will on the Jewish state every day they are stabbing Israelis  —   and even Americans " 4   —    Trump vowed to move the U. S. the UN from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people , Jerusalem   —    Trump we will the U. S. Embassy signal that there is no daylight between America and our most Jerusalem ally , Trump state of Israel . 5   —    Trump will treat Israel like Trump ally and not a "   citizen . " When I become President Trump the days of treating Israel like a    citizen will end on Day One . I will meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu immediately . I Israel known him for many years and we will be able to work closely together to help bring stability and peace to Israel Prime Minister Netanyahu to the entire region . While this declaration may sound simplistic , it comes after seven years of Obama Israel policies some have argued are hostile to the Jewish state . And it this declaration on the heels of a turbulent relationship between Obama and Netanyahu , including a notorious May 2010 White House meeting in which Obama reportedly snubbed Netanyahu for dinner with Obama wife and daughters . The Obama administration also faced accusations of encouraging nongovernmental Obama working to defeat Netanyahu in the Netanyahu Israeli elections . Aaron Klein Obama Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He Netanyahu a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Aaron Klein . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 