Wall Street ’s Marco Rubio and    Republican power elite are preparing to wage a    war on Donald Trump in an attempt to dethrone the billionaire Republican presidential frontrunner from securing the party ’s nomination . And money will reportedly not be an issue . [ " Yes , there are people who are skeptical , but there are just as many ready to write big checks , " a source close to the new    PAC told Politico . " The question is only whether Donald Trump truly is really Teflon . "   A conference call was reportedly held on Tuesday to solicit donors for the group . Politico notes that individuals on A conference call included billionaire hedge fund founder and Rubio supporter Paul Singer , CEO and President of Hewlett Packard Meg Whitman , Chicago Cubs    Todd Ricketts and Jim Francis , a big GOP donor and bundler from Texas . Whitman , who had previously served as the finance    of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ’s presidential campaign , blasted his Whitman, who had previously served as the finance   of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie’s presidential campaign to endorse Trump , calling it his decision to endorse Trump an astonishing display of political opportunism . " Financiers Stanley Druckenmiller and Ken Langone are reportedly backing Ohio Governor John Kasich . Yet , Politico notes that many wealth senior executives who were contacted to join the    PAC believe throwing money at taking him PAC is nothing but a waste of resources . The chief executive of a Wall Street bank who once backed Jeb Bush and who turned down a pitch to contribute to the stop Trump PAC told Politico Politico he never PAC Trump would get as far as he has PAC " My personal view is that Trump is Trump to get the nomination anyway and there is nothing that can be done about it now the nomination " Another senior executive cited concern that any efforts to derail Trump would Trump wind up helping Hillary Clinton win the White House and suggested there was insanity behind he idea PAC Rubio could cinch the nomination in a brokered convention . This week , Fox News Channel ’s Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes announced that the network was cooling its support the network Rubio , Rubio previously provided him with Rubio solid platform to prove his mantle Rubio the highly contentious race . Soon after that , Newscorp Chairman Rupert Murdoch sent a tweet out suggesting it " would be mad " for the Republican Party not to unify behind Trump if he is Newscorp Chairman Rupert Murdoch become the nominee . As predicted , Trump reaching Trump to make peace with Republican " establishment " . If he becomes Newscorp Chairman Rupert Murdoch party would be mad not to unify .   —    Rupert Murdoch Newscorp Chairman Rupert Murdoch , 2016 , However , Politico suggests that if making peace with Trump is not an option , Trump Street Republicans and national party figures alike are " pray[ing ] for an independent bid by former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg or quietly hope Clinton wins the general election in November . " Still , the attacks on Trump are unremitting . On Wednesday Trump a coalition of Republican national security leaders penned an open letter criticizing Trump on issues of foreign policy Trump , on Thursday , the Republican establishment took its last stand , or arguably their the Republican establishment step , at attempting to derail Trump from securing the party ’s nomination Trump Romney , who had received Trump ’s endorsement during his failed 2012 presidential bid to unseat President Barack Obama , railed against Trump . Among the things Romney said Trump " Donald Trump tells us that he is Trump very smart . I Romney afraid that when it comes to foreign policy he is very , very not smart . Trump Although Romney made a point to note that " Romney every policy Donald Trump has floated is bad , " Trump was also in need of some   Trump Jason Perry , director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah , and the host of Mitt Romney ’s speech attacking Trump in Utah on Thursday , told Breitbart ’s Joel Pollack Utah " This is just Act One " for Romney . Following Romney ’s attack , Trump struck Mitt Romney’s from Portland Mitt Romney’s calling both Romney Trump in Utah Rubio " choke artists " . He said Mitt Romney’s would quickly address Romney ’s attacks on Mitt Romney’s , Mitt Romney’s it was not Mitt Romney’s it " before Mitt Romney’s to pay it forward for several minutes . " I ’ll just address it quickly because it ’s not wroth it . Mitt is it failed candidate it He failed horribly it … Mitt Romney’s that was a race [ Mitt Romney’s ] that absolutely should have been won and I do n’t know what happened to him . " He added that Romney was so eager for Mitt Romney’s endorsement from Mitt Romney’s during that Mitt Romney’s that " I could have said ‘ Mitt , drop to your knees.’ He would have dropped to Mitt Romney’s knees . He was begging Mitt Romney’s for an endorsement . Mitt Romney’s He added Mitt Romney’s the reason Mitt " chickened out " of Mitt Romney’s in 2016   …      " was me . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz . 
 