Thursday on MSNBC , while reporting on a    White House background briefing with officials from the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department about President Barack Obama ’s newly announced sanctions on Russia for hacking during the 2016 American presidential election , NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell said the Obama administration is taking steps to " box in "    Donald Trump so newly announced sanctions on Russia for hacking during the 2016 American presidential election are not easily reversible .   Mitchell NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell , " The White House did a background briefing with officials from DHS and the State Department . Basically , they officials from DHS and the State Department saying that they officials from DHS and the State Department that    Trump   Donald Trump signaled as recently as Wednesday saying that he   Donald Trump that we should move on past what has happened . But he   Donald Trump that the president ’s approach is that of one president at a time and that President Obama feels that he President Obama to exercise his President Obama until January 20 . So these actions are pretty stiff . I mean PNGing , declaring persona non grata , 35 Russian embassy employees . Saying that they persona non grata, 35 Russian embassy employees basally spies . Kicking them they were basally spies . Saying that they they were basally spies to leave by noon on Sunday . That ’s leaving them they were basally spies hours to get out of the country . That is clearly and always going to be reciprocated . We have to accept our We diplomats are going to be kicked out . " She added , " They our own diplomats are taking steps , they our own diplomats    —    if I could read into , or infer from the callers , from those on the call    —    they our own diplomats taking steps that will box in Donald Trump . How easily will it be undone ? When asked whether Donald Donald Trump the new administration , according to their signals Donald Trump and the new administration not not agree with this , from what they said Donald Trump and the new administration far publicly , unless they see Donald Trump and the new administration information once they take Donald Trump and the new administration    —    Will they let Donald Trump and the new administration spies back in the states ? Will they reopen Donald Trump and the new administration Russian facilities ? The briefer says that they think Donald Trump and the new administration would be very difficult for the    or for any American president to reopen spy facilities , to let spies back in the country American American business that American suffered hundreds of millions of dollars of damage from this would certainly not be happy to know that the president of the United States is supporting Russian intelligence . So they are taking the president of the United States is supporting Russian intelligence that are reversible but are clearly not going to be easily reversed at first blush . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 