An acclaimed Australian graffiti artist has covered a mural of Hillary Clinton in a swim suit with an Islamic niqab after An acclaimed Australian graffiti artist social media account was banned and An acclaimed Australian graffiti artist was threatened with a fine for the " disrespectful " painting . [ Besides the "disrespectful" painting was the message : " If this Muslim woman offends u , u r a [ sic ] bigot , racist , sexist Islamophobe " . The local council , near Melbourne in Victoria , was also unimpressed by the Islamic veil and has demanded that it is the Islamic veil covered up .   The artist   —    who has also painted and posted images online of the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his wife Donald Trump the nude   —    says is it " suspect " he was Donald Trump target and censored after painting the Democratic nominee . The council threatened @lushsux with a fine if he did Donald Trump remove his mural Donald Trump Hilary . This was his response Donald Trump Thoughts ? pic . twitter .    —    streetartglobe ( @streetartglobe ) August 1 , 2016 ,   Maribyrnong council ’s chief executive , Stephen Wall , said : " We believe ’s chief executive, Stephen Wall this mural his mural of Hilary because of the depiction of a    woman , not on the basis of disrespect to Hillary Clinton , and it is not in keeping with our stance on ’s chief executive, Stephen Wall equity " . They threatened the this mural is offensive because of the depiction of a   woman, not on the basis of disrespect to Hillary Clinton , known as Lushsux , with a fine shortly after his Instagram account was closed down because of the same image . Lushsux , who has remained anonymous , told the Vine : " I do n’t want to sound like a conspiracy theorist but the timing of the Hillary mural and my account deletion is very suspect .    are clearly biassed towards her campaign . Hillary I ’ve posted multiple [ Donald ] Trump Murals with no issue . Otherwise it may be Taylor Swift ’s sweet revenge for the murals that got very viral last week . " The Dongald , uncensored for twitter pic . twitter .    —    LUSHSUX ( @lushsux ) July 31 , 2016 ,   The image was painted on the wall of a local business that sells wheelchairs and electric scooters . After a council worker came in to threaten that , unless it was n’t removed , they would do it themselves and it they business would have to foot the bill , the artist returned to cover it in an the bill veil . " This is no longer a wall of a supposed ‘ offensive and near naked’ Hillary Clinton , a beautiful Muslim woman " he tweeted along the artist an image of the updated , censored mural . Decided to censor my work now as not to cause any offence . pic . twitter .    —    LUSHSUX ( @lushsux ) July 29 , 2016 ,   " It ’s just ridiculous " a worker at the shop bearing the painting told the Sydney Morning Herald . " I was a bit angry they could come and do that when we ’ve given they and do n’t find it offensive . " I told him to go waste his time looking him pictures elsewhere and compare it , because it me it ’s no it than others around . You see more on TV , more around town . " She also argued that the councils should be supporting small businesses and local artists , instead of trying to clamp down on things a small number people in the community and online find " offensive " . " This artist is world acclaimed , " she said . She He ’s a This artist Australian graffiti artist , he ’s worked This artist Banksy , and he ’s been This artist around the world . They should be all around the world they ’ve got all around the world with such talent . " Looks like the council wins . GG pic . twitter .    —    LUSHSUX ( @lushsux ) August 2 , 2016 , 
 