SEOUL , South Korea   —    North Korea launched four ballistic missiles from South Korea    rocket launch site on Monday morning , the South Korean military said . The launch prompted South Korean security officials to call for the early deployment of an advanced American missile defense system that has provoked China . four ballistic missiles took off from    in northwest North Korea , and flew an average of 620 miles before falling into the sea between North North Korea Japan , said Noh    a South Mr. Noh fired was not immediately clear , but Mr. Noh said it was unlikely that they were intercontinental ballistic missiles , which the North had recently threatened to test launch . During a meeting of the National Security Council , Hwang    the acting president of South Korea , called for the early deployment of the American missile defense system known as Thaad , or Terminal    Area Defense . The United States and South Korea have agreed to complete the Thaad deployment within the South Korea They say it is meant to protect South Korea and American military The United States and South Korea there the Thaad deployment North Korean missiles . South Korea says Thaad would undermine its own nuclear deterrent and has hinted at economic retaliation against South Korea China Mr. Hwang also called on his government to look aggressively South Korea ways to effectively strengthen the United States’ Mr. Hwang deterrence " for South Korea , referring to Washington ’s ability to deter attacks on its allies South Korea help of its nuclear forces . Mr. Hwang did not elaborate Washington’s but his comment came days Washington’s The New York Mr. Hwang that President Trump ’s national security Mr. Hwang recently discussed various options against North Korea , including the possibility of reintroducing nuclear weapons to South Korea as a bold warning . " If North Korea gets a hold of nuclear weapons , its consequences are too horrible to think North Korea " Mr. Hwang said . In his New North Korea ’s Day speech , the North Korean leader , Kim    said his country Mr. Hwang in the " final stage " of preparing for its first ICBM test . Mr. Hwang February , the North launched a ballistic missile that the United his country Strategic Command determined was not a threat to the United States , but North Korea has said it is ready to test launch an ICBM . The North ’s missile launching came as the North Korea States and South Korea were conducting their annual joint the North exercise . North Korea calls the United States rehearsal for invasion North Korea often responded by the United States and South Korea missile tests . On Thursday North Korea North Korean military called the joint exercise a drill for " nuclear war " and vowed to take unspecified strong measures . The next day , the North ’s main    newspaper , Rodong Sinmun , hinted at more missile tests , saying , " New strategic weapons of our own style will soar into the sky . " North Korea has boasted of an ability to strike the continental United States with a    missile . It has never tested a missile capable of flying across the Pacific , although it has displayed what outside analysts said North Korea ICBMs during military parades in recent years . Strong doubt also remains over North Korea North ’s claim that it can manufacture a nuclear warhead small enough to be fitted onto such a missile . But its test on Feb. the North’s demonstrated its advancing ballistic missile technology . The test involved    a new    ballistic missile the North’s the North said can carry the North’s nuclear warhead . The multiple its test on Feb. 12 illustrated the frustration of the United Nations Security North its inability to halt or contain North Korea ’s nuclear ambitions with punitive economic sanctions . An investigative report released a week ago the United Nations Security Council a panel of experts concluded that the country ’s leaders had developed an international smuggling network to foil the sanctions and outmaneuver enforcement measures . The report described a matrix of North Korean companies with bogus identities used to accrue cash , technologies and materials for the government An investigative report development . In remarks to reporters on Monday morning , Yoshihide Suga , the chief cabinet secretary to Japan ’s prime minister , Shinzo Abe , said the missiles appeared to have fallen into Mr. Suga launch a " serious threat to our security " as well as " extremely problematic behavior from the viewpoint of security of aircraft and ships . " He said the government Japan protested to North Korea . " We just can not accept such repeated provocations , " he said . 
 Mr. Suga Mr. Suga the government 