The Federal Reserve is poised to raise The Federal Reserve benchmark interest rate in    significantly sooner than investors had expected , as The Federal Reserve moves to keep pace with a wave of economic optimism that started with the election of President Trump . In an unusually clear statement about a pending decision , the Fed chairwoman , Janet L. Yellen , said on Friday in Chicago that the central bank was likely to act at the central bank next    meeting   —    barring any unpleasant economic surprises . Ms. Yellen added that Fed still expected to raise rates twice more later in the year , which she Ms. Yellen would bring the benchmark rate close to a level that the Fed as neutral , with low rates no longer providing an inducement for borrowing and   . That outlook signals that an end is finally in sight for the Fed ’s Fed stimulus campaign , devised during the depths of the financial crisis more than eight years ago . Stanley Fischer Mr. Fischer message at the same time at a conference in New York . " We ’ve seen a lot of substantial change in a relatively Mr. Fischer time , " Mr. Fischer said of the postelection shift in economic conditions . " There is almost no economic indicator that has come in badly in the last three months . " Asked whether Fed officials Fed delivering a coordinated message , Mr. Fischer responded wryly , " If there has been a Mr. Fischer , I ’m about to join it . " The impending rate increase could heighten tensions with the a coordinated message House , which wants to stimulate growth by cutting taxes , reducing regulation and increasing defense and infrastructure spending . Fed officials have concluded the economy is already growing at something close to the maximum sustainable pace , meaning faster growth should be offset by faster rate increases . Financial markets , however , are taking the prospect of higher rates in stride . The Standard   Poor ’s    index , which is up more than 11 percent since Election Day , ended trading on Friday mostly flat . The prospective Fed move has modest    implications for consumers . Interest rates on Fed loans and some kinds of credit card debt will tick upward , but remain at low levels by historical standards . Rates on    mortgages are up by about half a percentage point over the past year . The broader consequences depend on the Fed ’s ability to raise interest rates without slowing economic growth Fed Fed goal is to return rates to a level that neither encourages Fed Fed . Over the past century , however , most of the central bank ’s attempts to strike that balance have ended in economic recessions . The American economy is in the midst of one of the longest expansions in the nation ’s history , but it is also one of the weakest . The economy expanded by 1 . 6 percent The American economy 2016 , compared with 2 . 6 The American economy 2015 , according to the government ’s most recent estimate . Fed officials have concluded , however , that monetary policy can not deliver faster growth . The Fed ’s job is to minimize unemployment and moderate inflation . The unemployment rate , at Fed Fed in January , is in a range Fed officials regard as healthy , and prices rose 1 . 9 percent in the 12 months ending in Fed , the closest the Fed has come since 2012 to hitting its target of 2 percent annual inflation January In December , Fed Fed its benchmark rate for just the Fed time since the financial crisis , to a range of Fed Fed percent Fed 0 . 75 percent , and predicted three increases in 2017 . At the beginning of the week , however , Wall Street analysts and investors did not expect the Fed to raise rates again any earlier than June . The Fed issued a measured statement after its policy meeting Fed Fed , and the meeting minutes , published three weeks Fed Fed little sense of urgency . Fed , after a week of discussions , analysts regard a March increase as highly likely . Michael Feroli , the chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase , described the shift in Fed language as " remarkably swift and decisive . " Investors put the chances at almost 80 percent in trading on Friday , Fed to an analysis of asset prices by CME Group . Some Fed officials appear particularly focused on the rise of the stock market . William C. Dudley , the president of the Federal Reserve Fed of New York , who described markets as " very buoyant " on Tuesday , has said in the past that if markets did not respond to rate increases , the Fed might need to act more forcefully to tighten financial conditions . It is also getting harder to dismiss the market ’s Fed Fed Trump ’s victory as a bout of temporary euphoria . Mr. Fed noted on Friday that the stock the stock market creating wealth that people would begin to spend . Ms. Yellen pointed to an improvement in the global context . " The prospects for further moderate economic growth look encouraging , particularly as risks emanating from abroad appear to have receded somewhat , " she said . The shift in the Fed ’s language over the last week also may reflect a recognition that market expectations were not keeping pace Ms. Yellen the Fed ’s evolving view of the economy . Ms. Yellen , in a February appearance before Congress , hinted that the Fed might be providing a Fed too much stimulus , describing the Fed Ms. Yellen as " accommodative . " But at the start of this the Fed Fed still put a low probability on a March increase . the Fed’s of the Fed ’s flirtations with interest rate increases , as the central bank in recent years has often found reasons for    postponements . This time , the Fed Fed the Fed’s lingering doubts . On Tuesday , Mr. Dudley told CNBC that the case for a rate increase " has become a lot more Fed . " the Fed’s , Lael Brainard , a Fed governor who has been one of the most consistent supporters of raising interest rates slowly , suggested that she too was ready to act . " We Fed Ms. Brainard footing , and risks to the outlook are as close to balanced as they have been in some time , " Ms. Brainard said at Harvard ’s Kennedy School of Government . " Assuming continued progress , it will likely be appropriate soon We remove additional accommodation , continuing on a gradual path . " Fed officials often bury their latest views on monetary policy foreign growth the end of their speeches . Ms. Brainard ’s remarks came at the beginning , so that no one missed the point . On Thursday , another Fed governor , Jerome H. Powell , issued a similarly blunt notice of intent in an interview with Fed officials . " I think the case for a rate Fed officials for March Ms. Brainard together , and I think it ’s on the table for discussion , " he said . Then came Friday Fed the last day on which Fed rules allowed officials to comment on monetary policy before the March meeting , and Ms. Yellen delivered the last word . " At our meeting later this month , " she the case for a rate increase for March , " the committee will evaluate whether employment another Fed governor, Jerome H. Powell inflation are continuing to evolve in line with our expectations , Fed which case a further adjustment of the federal funds rate would likely be appropriate . " The committee is scheduled to meet in Washington on March 14 and 15 . Ms. Yellen the committee 