Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union . " Gov. John Kasich ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s campaign did reached out to Gov. John Kasich ( ) aides   about being Trump ’s running mate but Gov. John Kasich ( ) said , " I was never interested in being anybody ’s vice president . "   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : There was a report in " The New York Times " that Donald Trump Jr. called you and tried to suss out your feelings , your interest in being the vice president and said you would be able to run domestic and foreign policy . Is a report in "The New York Times" that Donald Trump Jr. called you and tried to suss out your feelings, your interest in being the vice president and said you would be able to run domestic and foreign policy true ? Gov. John Kasich ( ) : I never got a call . Apparently , my aides did . TAPPER : Donald Donald Trump Jr. call one of your aides and my aides conversation ? Gov. John Kasich ( ) : That ’s what the reports are . But , you know   …      TAPPER : But is that   —    but , I mean , your aide said that that ’s accurate ? Gov. John Kasich ( ) : That ’s what one of them has told me , yes . TAPPER : Yes , that it was accurate . Gov. John Kasich ( ) : Yes . But I never got a call . And that ’s yesterday , you know ? And , again , I said during the campaign , and nobody   —    none   —    nobody in the press believed it   —    you know , I might have been   —    I might have agreed to be George Washington ’s vice president , but I got the second best job in the country , president , governor of Ohio . So , I was never interested in being anybody ’s vice president . TAPPER : It was n’t tempting at all ? Gov. John Kasich ( ) : No . You know , is n’t that amazing ? Never considered it . TAPPER : It ? Gov. John Kasich ( ) : No . TAPPER : Interesting . Gov. John Kasich ( ) : Why would I want to be vice   —    I would be the worst vice president George Washington’s vice president many opinions , Jake . TAPPER : You have a lot of opinions . Gov. John Kasich ( ) : Yes . TAPPER : That ’s for sure . Gov. John Kasich ( ) : So   …      TAPPER : Well , because you get to run foreign policy and domestic policy . If that was the pitch , it sounds like a pretty   …      Gov. John Kasich ( ) : Well , I am running foreign policy in Ohio . You have got to remember , we have got Michigan on our border , you know ? ( we ) TAPPER : You ’re going to build a wall , I ’m sure . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 