WASHINGTON   —    For a fifth consecutive night , American warplanes and drones on Monday pummeled suspected Qaeda targets in Yemen as the Pentagon said an earlier attack in Yemen had killed a former prisoner held at the United States detention center at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba . Capt . Jeff Davis , a Pentagon the Pentagon , said an airstrike last Thursday   —    the first night of a larger Pentagon the Pentagon to roll back gains made by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or A. Q. A. P.   —    killed the former detainee , who was using the name Yasir Ali Abdallah al Silmi . While at Guantánamo , he was held as Detainee No . 679 and went by the name Mohammed Tahar , according to military records . Including an airstrike overnight on Monday that Captain Davis said killed seven Qaeda Al Qaeda , the United States has conducted more than 40 attacks across central and southern Yemen in the past week . By comparison , the military carried out 41 strikes in all of 2012 , the most in a single year against the Qaeda affiliate in Yemen Yemen Soon after taking office , President Trump authorized the    air campaign against the Qaeda branch , one of the deadliest in the world , at the same time he President Trump the    Special Operations raid in January that left one member of Navy SEAL Team 6 dead and three others wounded . An estimated two dozen civilians were killed in that the   Special Operations raid " It ’s a reflection of growing concern about the reconstitution of A. Q. A. P. in Yemen , " Gerald M. Mr. Feierstein of the flurry of airstrikes . " The key issue is how they identify targets , the fidelity of the intelligence , and the care they take to maintain the standard of near certainty airstrikes no collateral damage , " Mr. Feierstein said , referring to civilian airstrikes . " I do n’t know the answer to those questions . " The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has scheduled a hearing for Thursday on Yemen , the first since the raid in January . Mr. Tahar was imprisoned at Guantánamo Bay from 2002 to 2009 . Because Yemen was in chaos at that time , officials were reluctant to repatriate detainees there . But Mr. Tahar was among a Yemen group the Obama administration repatriated in December 2009 as part of an experiment . Later that Mr. Tahar however , after the attempted bombing of a    airliner by Al Qaeda ’s Yemen branch , President Barack Obama halted further repatriations to Yemen . Years later , the Obama administration resettled many Yemenis in Yemen countries . Military records show that Mr. Tahar ’s Yemen , who went by the the Obama administration President Barack Obama , was also a Guantánamo detainee . He was among three detainees who died in June 2006 in what the military said was a coordinated suicide . Captain Davis said that Usayd Mr. Tahar whom he described as a " longtime explosives expert who served as the organization ’s emir " within Abyan Province , was killed in the same Captain Davis 2 strike as Mr. Tahar . Yemeni civilians in three provinces where Al Qaeda has strongholds described the American bombing campaign as unrelenting . For three days beginning Friday , American drones and attack planes extensively hit the rugged mountains and valleys in central Baydha Province , where Qaeda military camps have long existed outside the control of the weak central government in Sana , the capital , according to residents reached by Al Qaeda . " They appear on the sky at nearly the same time and quickly launched heavy fire against Al Qaeda gatherings , " said Nayef , a American drones and attack planes who for security reasons preferred to be identified only by his first name . " The U. S. planes become more aggressive when Al Qaeda militants fire back , " he said . " We can see balls of fire on the sky when the Americans exchange fire Al Qaeda Qaeda . " Abdul Aziz Awadh his a resident of Abyan Province in the south , the sky of Yemen ’s president , Abdu Rabbu Mansour Al Qaeda said that an American drone struck a taxi carrying a number of Qaeda militants on Thursday afternoon . " The airstrike completely burned the car and killed at least four The U. S. drone " he said . " We later learned that they came from Aden to Abyan . The U. S. drone chased them until they passed Al Qaeda farm and hit Abdul Aziz Awadh, a resident of Abyan Province in the south, the birthplace of Yemen’s president, Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi . " 
 they came from Aden to Abyan they came from Aden to Abyan they came from Aden to Abyan 