FRANKFURT   —    Central bankers like to portray Central bankers as being aloof from the    of politics , coolly assessing the economic data as Central bankers ponder whether to add a jolt of stimulus or take some away . But with populism on the rise in Europe and elsewhere , opinion polls have arguably become one of the European Central Bank ’s most important sources of data points . Faced with a series of national elections in which    candidates play prominent roles , Mario Draghi , the president of the European Central Bank , mounted a spirited counteroffensive on Thursday . He portrayed Mr. Draghi currency as the key to European prosperity and even took an implicit jab at the protectionist rhetoric of President Trump . " Open trade has been the pillar of world prosperity for many , many years , " Mr. Draghi said . Although it made no major changes to monetary policy on Thursday , Thursday bank is under increasing pressure to begin withdrawing the stimulus program that has prevailed for a decade . That task , delicate in the best of times , is even more difficult in the charged political atmosphere that permeates not only Europe but also the United States and the rest of the world . Some political candidates are questioning the whole idea of a united Europe and the European Central Bank ’s fundamental reason for being . The situation raises the stakes whenever the bank the European Central Bank decision . Britain , which was never in the eurozone , has voted to leave the European Union . Marine Le Pen , the    candidate for the French presidency , has worried investors with talk of bringing back the franc . Similar nationalist language has been heard from candidates in the Netherlands , Germany and Italy who have been emboldened by Mr. Trump ’s election . A wrong move by the European Central Bank could upset a fragile economic recovery and provide fodder for the populists . While insisting that the central bank the European Central Bank to keep inflation under control , Mr. Draghi was unusually direct on Thursday in rebutting opposition to European free trade and political unity . " If we go back to when the euro was created , there were always people who said it ’s wrong , it the euro a mistake , the euro ca n’t be done the euro " Mr. Draghi said . " Mr. Draghi saying the same today people who said it’s wrong " Eurozone members have made " extraordinary shows of solidarity " toward countries in crisis , Mr. Draghi said . " The Mr. Draghi here to stay . the euro matter what Mr. Draghi does , he will continue Mr. Draghi strong reactions . Mr. Draghi one of Europe ’s most powerful institutions , the central bank serves as an    piñata for nationalist politicians of all stripes . Frauke Petry , leader of the    Alternative for Germany party , regularly accuses Mr. Draghi of endangering Germans’ savings with ultralow Mr. Draghi . In Italy , where low interest rates have helped ease a severe credit crunch , sentiment runs the opposite direction . When the European Central Bank does begin gradually reducing its stimulus efforts , perhaps around the middle of the the European Central Bank , expect leaders of the populist Five Star Movement in Italy to accuse Mr. Draghi of selling out to the Italy . The prospect that Ms. Le Pen could become president of France has pushed up the government ’s borrowing costs . The higher rates feed through to the economy and work against central bank measures intended to make sure credit remains cheap . The political landscape in Washington is also a concern for the European Central Bank . The United States is the European Union ’s largest trading partner . If Mr. Trump erects trade barriers , as he has threatened to do , European exporters would suffer Mr. Trump with the region ’s economy . Mr. Draghi will have his the economy the new American administration Mr. Trump at a summit Mr. Trump in Germany of central bank governors and finance ministers . He declined to say on Thursday what message he planned to deliver . A Mr. Trump complication for the European Central Bank is Mr. Trump its policies are out of sync with those of the Federal Reserve . Fed the European Central Bank have signaled that an    increase is likely next week . That could be a problem for the European Central Bank , if higher market interest rates in the United States the European Central Bank eurozone and undermine efforts to keep borrowing costs low . Analysts say they expect the European Central Bank to give a clearer view of its intentions around June , Analysts by the European Central Bank purchases of government and corporate bonds , a way the European Central Bank pumping money into the economy . An increase in official interest rates may be years away . On Thursday , the European Central Bank left its benchmark interest rates unchanged , and it said it would continue the stimulus measure the European Central Bank corporate bonds through the the European Central Bank of the year , albeit at the European Central Bank reduced the European Central Bank starting in April . However , in a statement , the central bank was less alarmist about the eurozone outlook than in the past . Mr. Draghi said the bank would not extend the European Central Bank program for commercial banks because there was no need . " There is no longer that urgency the European Central Bank further actions , " he added . It will be nearly impossible to time the easing of the stimulus in a way that does not open the European bank to Mr. Draghi . The economies of the eurozone are also badly out of step with one another . Unemployment in Italy , at the European Central Bank percent , is three times as high as Germany ’s . The European Central Bank has already been drawn into Italian politics . The central bank , which regulates commercial lenders in the eurozone , has endorsed a rescue the European Central Bank banks that critics in Germany say violates European rules . In Germany , by contrast , there are complaints that the eurozone Central Bank ’s low interest rates penalize    savers Italian who earn almost no Germany on their nest eggs . The Germany has grown recently because of an increase the European Central Bank prices in Germany rose at an annual rate of 2 . 1 percent in January , above the European Central Bank ’s target of just under 2 percent . The inflation rate for the eurozone as a Germany was 2 percent in February . But the increase was almost entirely because the European Central Bank prices , which frequently fluctuate . The European Central Bank will probably not react until there is evidence that prices in other categories , like services , are an increase in inflation . That may be too late for some in Germany . " It the European Central Bank European Central Bank to start phasing out its expansionary monetary policy in Europe , " Clemens Fuest , president of the Ifo Institute , an influential research organization in Munich , said on Thursday in a statement . " the European Central Bank its foot off the gas . " the European Central Bank It 