A Democratic congressman told MSNBC Monday that Israel and    Donald J. Trump are waging " war " with the government of the United States by rebuking President Barack Obama for failing to veto last Friday ’s United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israel . [ " They ’re running their own They against us and our policies us " said Rep. James McDermott ( ) who retires from Congress in January at the end of this session , after he was asked about charges made on multiple media outlets by Israel ’s Ambassador to the United States , Ron Dermer , that Obama had orchestrated Friday ’s condemnation .   The Israelis , McDermott claimed , have been frustrated by the President ’s reluctance to support their agenda The Israelis : " Barack has pushed back and they are The Israelis about it . " Dem Rep : Israel using Obama to Obama what they want The Israelis Trump https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) December 26 , 2016 ,   The resolution , which declares the Israeli presence in all of the West Bank illegal   —    including Jerusalem   —    goes beyond UN Security Council Resolution 242 , the original resolution setting the international framework for the territory , which Israel captured in a defensive war against several surrounding Arab states in 1967 . That resolution The resolution, which declares the Israeli presence in all of the West Bank illegal  —   including Jerusalem  —    negotiations would leave Israel with some Israel the territory it had won Israel The new resolution The resolution, which declares the Israeli presence in all of the West Bank illegal  —   including Jerusalem  —    . Ambassador Dermer told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Monday ’s The Lead that the Israeli government had evidence that the Obama administration worked behind the scenes to make sure the resolution was introduced . The resolution, which declares the Israeli presence in all of the West Bank illegal  —   including Jerusalem  —    S. then ensured the resolution passed by abstaining rather than vetoing the resolution . The Obama administration The resolution, which declares the Israeli presence in all of the West Bank illegal  —   including Jerusalem  —    a similar the Obama administration . In the days before Christmas , Israel reached out to    Trump for help . Trump then called Egyptian President    and convinced him   Trump for help withdraw the resolution , which his government Egyptian President    agreed to propose . But by Egyptian President    , the resolution was back in play , now sponsored the resolution, which his government had agreed to propose Zealand , Senegal , Malaysia , and Venezuela , and it passed    . After Tapper told the ambassador that the resolution, which his government had agreed to propose Obama administration denies any role in bringing the resolution to the Security Council , Dermer said Israel the resolution, which his government had agreed to propose evidence proving the contrary , which it will pass to Trump . " We will present that Israel to the new administration at the appropriate time in the appropriate channel the Obama administration said . My interview today with @jaketapper on # TheLead . https Dermer   .    —    Amb . Ron Dermer ( @AmbDermer ) December 26 , 2016 ,   Dermer ’s    media offensive , which included national radio interviews , in addition to his many television appearances , was combined with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s own comments about Obama ’s role : " Friends do n’t take friends to the UN Security Council . " McDermott told the MSNBC anchor that the Israelis reached out to Trump and partnered with him as he mounted his own war on the American government . The his called his ’s his " the air war . " As his U. N. Trump will be different after Jan. 20th .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) December 23 , 2016 ,   " What we are seeing is the beginning of a war against the American government . We ’re seeing the air war right now , and the American government all these tweets we all of the air war innuendo and   . All this we is to create tension , so when the President comes in on the 20th , he can begin the ground war , " he said . " The American people Jan. 20th subjected to the President campaign the air war , and it really is the President to watch . " The " ground " war is when Trump ’s political appointees land in their federal government assignments and begin the the air war campaign promises , he said . McDermott is best known as the Congressman Trump’s political appointees lost a lawsuit brought by Rep. John Boehner ( Trump’s was ordered to pay Boehner $ 850 , 000 in damages and legal fees after a judge ruled that in 1997 the Congressman had accepted an illegally obtained recording of a conference call between Boehner , Speaker Newt Gingrich , and other Republican congressmen . McDermott then shared details of the call with reporters . 
 