Breitbart ’s Milo Yiannopoulos joined columnist Cathy Young on the BBC ’s The Briefing Room to discuss the rising    task force known as the   . [ Host David Aaronovitch began the segment by describing    as people who share " grossly offensive pictures " on Twitter and Facebook but gave the movement slightly more credit , adding that if trolling was all trolling did , trolling would n’t be where trolling are now . There is no doubt the Alt Right is unlike any political uprising ever witnessed before throughout history , in the sense that we ’ve never seen something of this magnitude from internet culture affect a presidential election so heavily . the Alt Right is better portrayed as the breaking away from traditional GOP conservatism . The group calls this strain of establishment politicians " cuckservatives , " a subsection of right wingers who refuse to adopt the new age of Republican ideals .   Wendling pointed out that this is a movement with few leaders , and a number of problematic stances , mostly based in traditional values that some consider racist . Milo steps into the segment soon after , responding when asked if the    is a thing : It ’s the    cause it ’s the    first example , I think , in politics of something that ’s happened in culture for quite some time . What these people do represent however is a very , very large section of the population . In America , I would say that the    and    people in the Republican base is probably   . Maybe even now spreading over to 60 or 70 percent Trump . There ’s a huge overlap in the Venn diagrams between the Alt Right and Trump supporters . This is a very significant sea change in conservatism in the West . When asked about the   ’s impact , Milo explained : The electoral impact is quite clear . In the UK , the Brexit vote was opposed by pretty much the entire establishment here . Yet despite all of that hectoring , the naturally    libertarian mischievous , dissident , defiant attitude of people who I suppose would be described as the Alt Right , ( not completely persuaded that there is such a thing in the UK the UK but they are people who maybe be in the Alt Right one day . The segment continued , still discussing    motives and beliefs : People like to have fun , and they like to People about politics in the same terms they talk about People that actually matter to them like love People sex , death , and money . They like to People about politics in real terms . Journalists and politicians have forgotten how to do that . A lot of these guys are 17 years old . When they see the A lot of these guys banging on about    they see no A lot of these guys whatsoever between that and feminists banging on about sexism or Black Lives Matter banging on about racism . There are racists on every end of the political spectrum , more racists on the left actually . Black Lives Matter wants the same thing the KKK does , segregated dorms at colleges , all that kind of stuff . David Aaronovitch added , " At least [ Black Lives Matter ] does n’t burn crosses on people ’s lawns , " to which Milo responded : Black Lives Matter Black Lives Matter they go after their own people . They they black cities in they because they are so   . they the present day , the KKK is an irrelevance . Shifting to the recent attacks on straight white males , Milo stated : You ’re Milo telling us white people are the source of all evil , that white people have all this stuff to apologize for . Well you know what ? We ’re not that bad us We did some pretty good us . We did Mozart , and us , and Descartes , and Beethoven , and Wagner , and we went to the stars us we explored the oceans , us built Western civilization . us n’t white people be proud of what white people have done ? America is the best country us has ever been . And there are a lot of Americans who would quite like it to stay that way us Listen to the full segment below : 
 