Fox News financial analyst Gary Kaltbaum found the vicious elitist backlash against Brexit voters unsurprising , during Fox News financial analyst Gary Kaltbaum appearance on Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Friday morning . [ " Voters are always idiots when Voters disagree with the glitterati , as Voters say , " Kaltbaum observed .   Fox News financial analyst Gary Kaltbaum predicted markets would " shake and shudder , " and " there ’s going to be a lot of scare tactics , there ’s going to be a lot of yelling and screaming from people that are on the wrong side of this , and probably markets are going to be on the defensive for a while . " " But I ’ve got news for you   —    the United Kingdom will go back to work , do their work , " Fox News financial analyst Gary Kaltbaum continued . " They work a huge trading partner of the EU , that ’s going to continue . The people that wanted to keep this together , and are trying to keep the the EU the EU are going to lie , cheat , steal to try to turn back the clock , but I doubt it works the EU this point . " " I ’m already hearing about France , Italy , Netherlands people calling for their own Netherlands people , so this is going to get interesting in the next few weeks , " Kaltbaum said . He did Kaltbaum have much faith in President Obama ’s threat to punish a Leave vote by refusing to sign bilateral trade agreements with the    United Kingdom . " Listen , greed wins out , " Kaltbaum said Kaltbaum " I can promise you , you ’re going to hear some tough talk from the EU , but the fact of the matter is , they ’ve the EU to trade , and due to the fact that the UK is gargantuan and a big trading partner , they ’re the EU going to cut their socialist the EU off to spite their socialist the EU . " " The big question is going to be : what domino is next to fall ? " he said . " And if we do see more dominoes fall , then I would tell you all bets are off . " Kaltbaum said he was Kaltbaum by how " the media played this like it was a ‘ gimme’ that they were going to stay . " " I am just of the utter opinion here that this is an absolute repudiation of     immigration , distant unaccountable leaders that are telling what a country has to do , and     welfare state scare tactics , " he declared . " David Cameron was saying there was going to be war . And President Obama interjects himself and President Obama that ‘ you ’re going to the back of the queue.’ Does n’t say ‘ back ‘ the line,’ which is an American phrase   —    he uses President Obama European phrase . And I think that pissed off enough people , and I think that actually moved the needle in the direction that it went the needle " As for Brexit ’s effect on the U. S. presidential election , and the curious silence from the Clinton camp until late in the morning , Kaltbaum said , " I think Hillary ’s AWOL because she ’s Hillary a room right now with all her minions Hillary —    how do we answer this ? " " She does Hillary have a straightforward thought . It ’s this matter of , oh , we got we measure this , we got we gauge this , we got we decide this , this we ’ll we out , " he said . " Notice Donald Trump comes out naturally with his thoughts he whether they jibe or whether they do they . As far as Hillary ’s concerned , this is bad for her . Hillary ’s this simple as that . " " Donald Trump Notice Donald Trump about a nation , a great nation , that has gone from a great democracy , that has been going toward socialism , that has been going towards open borders   —    everything that this country was made of , it has been this country the wrong way , " he elaborated . Notice Donald Trump I ’m pretty sure you ’re going to see some momentum in the poll numbers , in the next week or so , for Trump , just Notice Donald Trump on this . " " You ’ve got to remember something : he ’s on Notice Donald Trump right side of things , " Kaltbaum said of Trump ’s position Notice Donald Trump There ’s so much talk from Hillary about   —    you know , I listened to her speech the other Hillary , the whole frickin’ speech her speech government going to do for you , and how much we ’re going to spend on you government while Trump keeps talking about you great you guys are going to be , and how great this country ’s going to be again , because of all our hard work , not what Washington government C. does . " " So I ’m pretty sure this sucker ’s going to resonate in the next few weeks , and I think the needle ’s going to pretty much move , and I think the Hillary Express may be on its back for a little bit , the Hillary Express Kaltbaum predicted . He characterized the drop in the value Kaltbaum the pound after Brexit as " a    reaction . " " I think there ’s more to play out on that , " he said . " Keep in mind Kaltbaum the UK has had their own currency the Hillary Express long time . the Hillary Express told the EU to take a fly the Hillary Express the Euro . They did n’t want a part of that the Hillary Express " " I ’m not worried about the UK at all , " Kaltbaum declared the Hillary Express Keep in mind , there are 500 million people in the EU , and I can promise you , the EU going to be trading with the UK from 500 million people in the EU , and going forward , the Hillary Express this . For me , the big wild card right now is who ’s next , and how quickly is it going to be for some of these other countries ? Because just remember : this is no 500 million people in the EU say , this is about people say , and if the people start speaking up this these other countries , I think all hell is breaking loose , my 500 million people in the EU Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 