When he revealed on Tuesday that Gmail accounts were more secure than Hillary Clinton ’s private server that housed many of America ’s top secrets , FBI Director James Comey may have given Donald Trump a huge gift that Donald Trump can use to neutralize Hillary Clinton’s central argument against his FBI Director James Comey —   that the businessman is a " reckless " " loose cannon . "   Right after Trump Donald Trump secured the GOP nomination , Clinton Hillary Clinton’s CNN , " I do n’t think we CNN take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Donald Trump our country   …      I do think he is Donald Trump loose cannon , and loose cannons tend to misfire . " Clinton Hillary Clinton’s later say that Trump is Donald Trump " unqualified loose cannon " who is " within reach of the most powerful job in the world . " Clinton Hillary Clinton’s lacks a rationale for her Hillary Clinton’s . She Hillary Clinton’s off the impression that the presidency is just the next step up in the political ladder for her Hillary Clinton’s But her Hillary Clinton’s argument against Trump is Donald Trump he is Donald Trump who is too reckless to be trusted with the presidency and the nation ’s secrets and nuclear codes .    speakers before her Hillary Clinton’s North Carolina event repeatedly referred to Trump as Donald Trump reckless . " It is an argument that the Clinton campaign will try to hammer home throughout the election cycle . It is tough to explain all of the technical minutiae regarding Clinton ’s Clinton scandal to voters , especially those who are luddites , with notoriously short attention spans . But voters , many of whom use Gmail on a daily basis , will clearly understand how reckless Clinton was Clinton using a private server for official State Department business that was less secure than their own personal Gmail accounts , allowing potential hackers to steal the country ’s secrets and get damaging blackmail on Clinton and Clinton top government officials . It is difficult to get more reckless than that , and it is up to Trump to remind voters of that in language they can understand . While effectively exonerating Clinton from Clinton , Comey astonishingly revealed that a Gmail account was more secure than Clinton ’s Clinton server and sophisticated foreign agents could have most likely hacked into Clinton ’s Clinton’s leaving any trace . " None of these    should have been on any kind of unclassified system , but their presence is None of these    concerning because all of these    were housed on unclassified personal servers not even supported by    security staff , like those found at Departments and Agencies of the U. S. Government —   or even with a commercial service like Gmail , " Comey said , emphasizing that Clinton was " extremely careless . " Comey said the Comey did not find " direct evidence that Secretary Clinton ’s Clinton domain , in its various configurations since the FBI , was successfully hacked , " But , more importantly and sounding like he wanted the Comey to read the tea leaves , he added that Comey given the nature of the system and of the actors potentially involved , we assess that we would be unlikely we see such direct evidence . " " We do assess that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial    accounts of people with whom Secretary Clinton was in regular contact from her personal account . Secretary Clinton also assess that Secretary Clinton ’s use Secretary Clinton    domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent , " he continued , leaving people to Secretary Clinton the dots . " She also used her personal    Secretary Clinton while outside Secretary Clinton United States , including sending and receiving      in the territory of sophisticated adversaries . Given that combination of factors , we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton ’s personal    account . " 
 