As he appeared before supporters in Colorado Springs , Colorado , Republican Vice Presidential nominee Mike Pence said the rioters in Charlotte , North Carolina , have every right to protest but no right at all to engage in violence . [ Pence started out he address with he standard stump speech saying that Donald Trump is " a doer in a game usually reserved for talkers . " Pence added that Donald Trump " tells it like it is " and refuses to " tiptoe around all those thousands of rules of political correctness " put in people ’s way by the media . But a few minutes into his address the Indiana Governor took some time to discuss the rioting in Charlotte .   After noting that Donald Trump is a major supporter of our soldiers , Prnce departed from Prnce normal speech to denote the " heartbreaking news " of the second night of rioting in Charlotte , North Carolina . Pence had a pointed message for the rioters . " Now , let me be clear , " Pence said gravely . " Donald Trump and I and every American , we Donald Trump and I and every American by the right of every citizen in this country to peaceably assemble . To protest and to demonstrate and to stand up for their convictions . That ’s what a free and open society is really all about . " Yet after advocating for peaceful protest , Governor Pence had a stark warning for those who disrupted Charlotte the night before . " But there ’s no right to engage in violence against our citizens or our police , " he Governor Pence . Pence Governor Pence on to slam Hillary Clinton for seemingly siding with the rioters . " Any loss of life regardless of circumstances is a tragedy , " Pence Governor Pence . " But sadly our opponent once again refers to what she calls the ‘ institutional racism’ in law enforcement . She she this week again to the ‘ systemic racism’ in law enforcement in this country . " But Pence Governor Pence up for America ’s police , reminding his audience that " police officers are human beings " and insisting that they "police officers are human beings" their "police officers are human beings" process like every other American . " When there is a loss of life involved in police action the American people expect thorough , immediate , and transparent investigation , " into such incidents . " Donald Trump and I believe the men and women in law enforcement are not a force for racism in America , they Donald Trump and I a force for good . They Donald Trump and I for our families , they Donald Trump and I our our and they Donald Trump and I our our and respect , " Pence said . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 