The Radio City Rockettes will perform at    Donald Trump ’s inauguration in Washington DC on January 20 , The Radio City Rockettes announced Thursday . [ The iconic dance troupe has performed at previous presidential inaugurations , including in 2001 and 2005 , and will join previously announced performers the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and teenage opera singer Jackie Evancho at the event .   " The Radio City Rockettes , an original American brand , have performed at Radio City Music Hall since 1925 and , as treasured American icons , have taken part in some of the nation ’s most illustrious events such as Super Bowl halftime shows , Macy ’s Thanksgiving Day parades and presidential inaugurations , including in 2001 and 2005 , " Madison Square Garden executive chairman James Dolan said in a statement . " We are honored that the Rockettes have again been asked to perform in the upcoming inauguration festivities , " he added Madison Square Garden executive chairman James Dolan The announcement Thursday came as much speculation has centered on who would perform at Trump ’s inauguration . Other names that had been floated for the gig included Andrea Bocelli , Garth Brooks and , most recently , the Beach Boys . The announcement of the Rockettes the Rockettes Day performers almost immediately prompted backlash against the dance troupe on social media , with some vowing to boycott the group altogether . I say no .   Boycott the    @Rockettes # BoycottRockettes ,   —    The Toucan ( @etotoucan ) December 22 , 2016 ,   @Rockettes Please , it ca n’t be true that you would perform at Trump ’s inauguration .   Will you let him inspect every Trump’s first ?   —    Gary Delemeester ( @gmdelemeester ) December 22 , 2016 ,   I will never go to see the Rockettes again 👎 https :   .    —    Jackie BonnerFarnham ( @JackieFarnham ) December 22 , 2016 ,   The Rockettes perform the Rockettes the Rockettes York City ’s Radio City Music Hall . Trump will become Trump’s first President from New York since Franklin Delano Roosevelt was sworn in in 1933 .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 