Judge Gonzalo Curiel , who is overseeing a fraud case against Trump University , is reportedly a member of the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association , which is affiliated with the Hispanic National Bar Association . [ the Hispanic National Bar Association sent out a press release last summer after Donald Trump , who is now the presumptive Republican nominee , announced he was running for the presumptive Republican nominee and created a controversy by discussing illegal immigration and crime during his announcement speech . the presumptive Republican nominee The press release stated a press release mission to target Trump ’s " business interests , " according to the Conservative Treehouse . " By his recent derogatory remarks about Mexican the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald Trump ’s disrespect of such a large segment of the population of America is not only unbelievable but outright wrong , " the press release states . " His comment that Mexico only sends the presumptive Republican nominee and criminals to the United States reveals a racist nature that can not and will not go unnoticed by the Hispanic National Bar Association nor the Latino community . " The press release adds : The HNBA calls for a boycott of all of Trump business ventures , including golf courses , hotels , and restaurants . We salute    Univision and Macy ’s for ending their association with Trump , and Univision and Macy join them Trump standing up against bigotry Univision and Macy racist rhetoric . Other businesses and corporations should follow the lead of    Univision and Macy ’s and   Univision Univision and Macy Trump Macy business interests . We can and will make a difference . " Now , I doubt you could find a more conformational reason for Donald Trump to be concerned about a Judge overseeing Donald Trump’s University lawsuit , which everyone admits is based on some sketchy legal standing , than Judge Curiel specifically belonging to a legal enterprise of affiliates who have clearly stated their intent to target Trump ’s business interests , " the Conservative Treehouse writes Donald Trump’s has been criticized for suggesting Curiel is biased against him Donald Trump’s of Curiel ’s Mexican heritage Judge Curiel to Trump ’s Donald Trump’s to build Judge Curiel wall along the southern border Donald Trump’s stance against illegal immigration . 
 Donald Trump’s 