David Horowitz and Matthew Vadum pay tribute to Frontpage Magazine ’s 2016 Man of the Year : Stephen K. Bannon , former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and current chief strategist to    Donald Trump . [ From Frontpage Magazine :   TIME magazine named Donald Trump " Person of the Year " for 2016 , and we could have done the same . But this would have been to    a victory that millions of Americans believe has brought this nation back from the brink of destruction , and has done so against what seemed impossible odds . In the just completed election campaign , a vicious partisan press substituted character assassination for reporting and joined malicious Democrats in demonizing Trump and his Trump as racists , sexists , Islamophobes , xenophobes and religious bigots , while dismissing the candidate as " unfit to sit in the White House . " From the outset Trump Trump himself as a    warrior who refused to be " politically correct . " Trump Trump the primaries and eventually the election because , unlike Republicans before him himself he himself to be intimidated by leftist    and their    attacks . But Trump Trump very fearlessness ,    and disregard for progressive bigotry   —    his Trump strengths   —    came with a downside that threatened to undo him Trump Even as he Trump to the defamation from whatever quarter it came , his Trump message was pushed into the background until it his campaign message in danger of being altogether lost . Questions began to be raised and not only by opponents . Could Trump be presidential ? Could he Trump to a winning message ? Lackluster polling numbers sparked a panic among feckless Republicans who began demanding that Trump Trump replaced as the nominee . Even in the camp of the faithful , supporters began to wonder if their supporters was too    and undisciplined to win , and   —       important   —    whether such a       could listen to a voice that was not his their candidate . Could he their candidate trust and then avail himself their candidate a counselor , who would focus his their candidate and keep him their candidate course ? The answer came within four months of the election when Trump , then trailing in the polls , shook up his their candidate and made Stephen K. Bannon the CEO of his their candidate . Read the rest here at Frongpage . 
 