Voters in six states head to the polls today in the election cycle ’s final Super Tuesday . Though Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the respective nominees of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump parties , all eyes will be on California because Sanders can continue to cause havoc on the left if Sanders ekes out a victory in the Golden State .   Montana , New Jersey , New Mexico and South Dakota are also holding primaries . Democrats also have a caucus in South Dakota . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . All times eastern .     —    2:00 : Sanders concludes by saying , " thank you all . The struggle continues . " [ Sanders Sanders n’t concede even though he Sanders conceded the nomination to Clinton when he Sanders her Clinton complete pass on her Clinton scandal . Amateur hour   . ] Sanders Sanders Montana : BREAKING : Sanders Sanders projected winner in Montana Montana primary https :   .   # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:59 : Sanders Sanders says " our fight is to transform this country " and to " understand that we our in this together " and to " understand that the struggle continues . " 1:58 : Sanders Sanders he Sanders a kind call from President Obama and he Sanders forward to working with him Sanders move the this country . Sanders Sanders he Sanders a gracious call from Clinton and he Sanders her on Clinton victories Clinton Crowd boos . " Next Tuesday , we continue the fight in the last primary , in Washington , DC ! "   —    @SenSanders not conceding a damned thing # CaliforniaPrimary ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:57 : Sanders says then he will Sanders the fight to Philadelphia . 1:56 : Sanders says Sanders will Sanders the fight the fight to win the primary in Washington , Washington C. 1:52 : Si Se Puede ! chants break out again during Sanders ’s Sanders [ Hillary Clinton is darn lucky Julian Castro or Cory Booker did n’t challenge her given all of Hillary Clinton enthusiasm for a    tier candidate like Sanders . ] Sanders : Sanders says we Sanders not allow    Republicans to control government , and that is especially true with Donald Trump as the nominee . He says the Sanders people will never support a candidate whose main theme is " bigotry " while insulting women , Mexicans , Muslims , and   . " We will not allow the American people Trump to become Donald Trump the United States , " Sanders says . He says their vision is Sanders than the American people defeating Trump . It ’s about Donald Trump transforming their vision country . " [ the United States from Sanders . Campaign often seemed inflexible Sanders unimaginative . ] 1:43 : In Santa Monica , California , Sanders finally addresses his raucous supporters Sanders thanks them Sanders being part of the his raucous supporters . He thanks the people of California Sanders their incredible hospitality . California says the people of California throughout California was Sanders of the most California meaningful moments of his life . " Sanders says Sanders vision re : Sanders , economic and environmental justice will be the future of America . " Let me thank all of you for being part of the political revolution . "   —    @SenSanders # SantaMonica # CaliforniaPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,   And at 10:42PM PT    1:42AM ET , @BernieSanders takes the stage . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:25 : Sanders should be arriving soon to his rally . Already an hour Sanders . Bernie Sanders’ motorcade is now rolling to Santa Monica .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:20 : Sanders supporters chanting " the media Sanders corrupt . " # BernieSanders supporters turn the tables on the press and chant this : pic . twitter .    —    Marcus Yam ( @yamphoto ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:11 : Crowd loving the free   : Comrades ! The Glorious Redistribution of Free Clothing Has Begun ! ¡ Viva Bernie ! : https :   .   via @YouTube ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,   1:10 : " Bernie or Bust " folks booing early returns : Bernie crowd shouts " bullsh*t " Bernie " turn it off " after CNN shows "bullsh*t" is leading # CAPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Colleen Shalby ( @CShalby ) June 8 , 2016 ,   12:50 : Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak at Sanders rally in Santa Monica : I think this guy felt the Bern . Often . @SenSanders # CaliforniaPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,   Lots of noise , but some long faces   sad smiles , here at @SenSanders # CaliforniaPrimary victory party . Punched above weight , now almost over ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2016 ,     12:40 : The same thing happens on the GOP side with consultants from the permanent political class . It ’s never their fault . Sanders ’s supporters the GOP side these people just like Trump ’s supporters hate the operatives from the permanent political class on the right . All these people care about is getting gigs for their next campaign ( whoever decided All these people give Clinton a complete pass on her email scandal , which signaled Clinton voters that Sanders may not have been serious Sanders winning the nomination right when his campaign was getting momentum , Sanders the one who deserves the blame ) : Sanders aides throw their candidate under Sanders bus before Sanders aides even speaks in CA https Sanders   .    —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) June 8 , 2016 ,   12:05 : Clinton with a    lead on Sanders with about a third of Sanders votes in . Here ’s one thing I think we can say with a lot of confidence : Sanders is not going to win Sanders tonight .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) June 8 , 2016 ,   12:00 : White House releases statement on Dem . primary . President Obama called Sanders and Clinton and will meet Sanders Sanders at the White House on Sanders : White House Obama called both Secretary Clinton and Senator President Obama The President congratulated Sanders for running inspiring campaigns that President Obama Democrats , brought a new generation of Americans into the political process , and shined a spotlight on important policy ideas aimed at making sure our economy and our politics work for everybody , not just those with wealth our power . The President congratulated Secretary Clinton for securing the delegates necessary to President Obama Democratic Nomination for President . Her historic campaign inspired millions and is an extension of her lifelong the Democratic Nomination for President for    families and children . The President thanked the Democratic Nomination for President Sanders for energizing millions of Americans with his President Obama issues like fighting economic inequality and special interests’ influence on President Obama politics . In addition , at Senator Sanders’ request , the President and Senator Sanders will meet at the White House on Thursday The President significant issues at stake in this election that matter most to America ’s working The President . The President looks forward to continuing the conversation with Senator Sanders about how to build on the extraordinary work he has done to Senator Sanders of Democratic voters , and to build on that enthusiasm in the weeks The President months ahead . 11:50 : Clinton takes South Dakota : JUST IN : Hillary Clinton will win the South Dakota Democratic primary , AP projects . https :   .   pic Clinton .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) June 8 , 2016 ,   11:20 : Good news for Clinton as Sanders gets ready to deliver his Sanders : NBC projects both Sanders and Sanders will get at least Clinton Sanders delegates from CA . Clinton clinches outright pledged majority . The President Clinton Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) June 8 , 2016 ,   11:00 : Clinton called for Clinton . Polls now closed in the Golden State . BREAKING : Clinton wins Democratic primary in New Mexico . New Mexico call at 10:54 p. Clinton EDT . # Election2016 # APracecall pic . twitter .    Clinton    The Associated Press ( @AP ) June 8 , 2016 ,   10:42 : Clinton says there are still ceilings to break and she says " barriers can come down " and " justice and equality can win . " Clinton encourages her supporters to organize . She says Clinton " end of the primaries is only the beginning of the work we are called to Clinton . Clinton She keeps repeating that Clinton are " stronger together . " Clinton ’s nod to her mom : " I wish she could see her daughter Clinton the Democratic Party we nominee for President of the United Clinton . "   Clinton    David Chalian the United States June Clinton , 2016 Clinton   10:40 : Clinton says her mother told her to never back down from a bully , which she says was " pretty good advice . " She mentions her mother Clinton born Clinton Congress was Clinton the 19th Amendment . 10:37 : Clinton says this Clinton is about " who we are as a Clinton nation her mother She says it ’s about Americans coming together and saying " we Clinton this election this . We wo n’t let this happen in America . " [ Knowing Clinton this election , Clinton is trying to turn out her base by making the election a referendum on we . ] 10:35 this America says Trump has abused his Clinton competitors Trump Clinton the press . She says Clinton wants to this election rubbing salt the press and reminding Americans how great Trump is Clinton 10:35 : She says Clinton is " temperamentally unfit " to Trump Clinton . She says Trump is Trump to " wall off Americans from each other . " Clinton Trump " Let Clinton make America Great Again " is code for wanting to take Clinton backwards . And she blasts Trump for his comments about Judge Curiel and mocking Clinton reporter with a disability America She Trump that goes against everything we stand for America Clinton says " empowerment Clinton better than resentment , unity is better than division , bridges are better than walls . Clinton 10:32 : Clinton says she knows all too well Clinton it feels to put your heart into a candidate and fall a bit short . Clinton : " I know , it never Clinton good Clinton put your heart in a cause or a candidate you believe in   come up short . I know that Clinton well . "   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) June 8 , 2016 ,   " Let ’s remember all that unites us , " she says , talking about a government that listens to the people and not the power brokers . She says we all want a society that is " tolerant , inclusive Clinton and fair . " " We all believe that America succeeds when more people share in our Clinton , " 10:29 : Clinton says so many Americans feel like they are on their own and nobody has their back America She says she does and as President she will " always have your Clinton . " She congratulates Sanders for his so many Americans campaign . so many Americans : President Obama Clinton takes so many Americans stage Clinton Sanders Clinton Sanders be hard to Clinton tonight but " we are their back under Clinton glass ceiling right now . " She adds , Clinton do n’t worry , we ’re not smashing the stage one . Thanks to you , we ’ve reached a milestone . " She says it ’s the Clinton time in history a woman is the presidential nominee of we political party . She says it belongs to generations of we who sacrificed and made Clinton nomination possible . Clinton makes connection to Seneca Falls . 10:15 : After declaring victory after the New Jersey Clinton , Clinton is it ready to deliver her much anticipated speech Clinton 9:40 : Hillary Clinton on her nomination : To every little girl who dreams big : Yes , you can be Clinton you want —   even Clinton . Tonight is for you . Clinton . twitter Clinton    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 8 , 2016 ,   Tonight , we can say with pride that , in America Tonight there is no barrier too great and no ceiling    high to break . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 8 America 2016 ,   9:20 : Sanders takes North Dakota : # BREAKING : Bernie Sanders wins North Dakota over Sanders Clinton . Clinton won New —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) —    News Senator Sanders    ( @news4buffalo ) South Dakota , 2016 ,   9:20 : On immigration South Dakota Clinton " America Clinton " means protecting the jobs New Jersey workers whether Trump are first generation or tenth . He says the beauty of " America First " is that it brings all Trump of every background together . Trump says " we ’re going to put America back to work " by Trump our own products again the jobs of American workers " We ’re going to rebuild our inner cities , which are absolutely a shame and so sad . America Trump says " we ’re going to take care of our    people who Trump been mistreated for so long . we Trump vows to put the we American people first again we " 9:18 : Trump says on trade , " America First " means American workers will be Trump from unfair foreign competition . we We are only going to have great trade deals , " he says . " We ’re not going to approve the    Partnership , Trump is a disaster for our country . Almost as bad as NAFTA , signed by Bill Clinton . " Trump says on energy policy , " America First " means " opening up Trump ’s We potential to bring wealth and prosperity to our own workers , " including the Clinton who have been " mistreated by this administration . " On economic America , Trump says " America First " means having tax and regulatory policies that keeps Trump in the U. S. 9:17 : Trump says we can turn all of this around by " putting America First Trump " He says " America First " means we will never enter into a foreign Trump unless it makes us safer . He says it is a complete America to Clinton ’s foreign policy . He Trump we have made Iran the dominant power in the Middle East . Trump : Trump says the manufacturing jobs that have disappeared are shameful . He says he Trump we victims of illegal immigrant crime and says they Trump victimized Trump of people who should have never we in the country in the first place . Trump says he has seen our dilapidated airports and bridges and he says it Trump " Trump to imagine what has happened to our country Trump " He says the victims of illegal immigrant crime is being " auctioned off to the highest bidder " and our country ’re broke " while " our infrastructure is a disaster . " He says our schools are America while crime is rising . He says the Trump thing we our country Hillary Clinton in the White America Trump the " extension of the Obama disaster . " 9:15 : Trump : The Clintons have turned " politics of personal enrichment into an art the White House Trump says he will Clinton speech next week detailing all of the corruption Trump with Trump Clintons . He says Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into her " private hedge fund Trump " Trump says " it ’s a sad day in America " when foreign governments Trump deep pockets Trump more influence than our citizens . He implies Clinton had a private server to hide Clinton The Clintons she Trump doing for the America Foundation while she was Secretary of State . 9:14 : Trump says every year politicians promise change but change does n’t happen because the Trump Clinton rigged to keep them in power and make their Clinton rich . Trump says we ca n’t Clinton our problems by relying on politicians who created Trump problems . 9:12 : Trump says his main purpose is to bring people together but if there is Trump worth Trump for , he will never , ever back down and politicians country will never back politicians Trump He says he has fought for his family , businesses , and employees and Trump he Trump going to fight Trump the American people . " I ’m going Trump be your champion , " Trump says . " I ’m going to be America ’s champion our country Trump : Trump says he opens Bernie Sanders ’s supporters who have been left out in Trump cold Trump of a rigged system with " open arms . America Trump stresses that he and Sanders agree on trade and he is better suited Trump handle trade Trump than Clinton . Trump says he Trump some people say Senator Sanders is " too much of a Trump . Trump He says his preference Trump " always peace . " 9:09 : Trump says Trump will Trump his supporters proud of their Clinton and movement . Trump says Trump has made Trump tremendous mistakes " and he expects " our Trump to grow and continue to grow substantially . " Trump To everyone who voted for me throughout this campaign , I want to thank you , " Trump Clinton Trump Trump says to those who voted his supporters someone else in either Trump , he Trump work to earn their support . 9:08 : Trump says we close Trump chapter and begin another his extraordinary campaign says " we Trump " what nobody thought possible . Trump says his Trump is a testament to everyone who believed that " real Trump " Trump not " Obama change " was possible . Trump promises to " never , those who voted for someone else in either party let you down . " 9:07 : Trump approaches podium as " We are the champions " we : Trump takes Trump lectern with family to Queen ’s " We are the Champions Trump   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June Obama , 2016 ,   9:00 : Fox News projects Trump and Clinton will win New Jersey , 8:45 : Trump previews evening address Trump I will be speaking about our great journey to Trump Republican nomination at 9:00 P. M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues ,   — Clinton Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 8 New Jersey ,   8:05 : Clinton to address crowd at 10 p. m. EST . Trump expected to make 9 p. m. EST speech : Supporters and reporters waiting Trump for Hillary Clinton at the Brooklyn Navy Yard . # 1010WINS pic . twitter .    Clinton    Al Jones ( @aljoneswins ) June 7 , 2016 ,   7:30 : Interesting remarks from James Carville as the campaign season gets more Clinton James Carville tells MSNBC   he thinks Trump could very well not be the Republican nominee .   Stunning if that Trump .   —    Tom Sherwood ( @tomsherwood ) June 7 , 2016 ,   7:15 : Chuck Todd says it ’s not " hyperbole " to say that the nomination is still on the line for James Carville this is a " James Carville period " for Trump . 7:04 : Trump wo n’t press the Sanders campaign if there is Trump " rift " between the campaign ’s top officials like they have done with Trump re her nomination campaign infighting . " When asked if there are tensions Trump him   camp mgr Weaver , Devine said , " people his extraordinary campaign understand how close Jeff and I are "   —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) June 7 , 2016 ,   6:57 : BuzzFeed not even trying to conceal top officials    bias : Do n’t need listicle to c they support @HillaryClinton —   @Buzzfeed chair hosting Democratic fundraiserhttps :   .   @brianstelter ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) June 7 , 2016 ,   While BuzzFeed ’s CEO is terminating an ad deal with the RNC , its chairman is hosting a fundraiser for the DNC : BuzzFeed :   .    —    —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) Stelter ( Jeff and I ) June 7 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Top Clinton IT aide who was running Clintons ’s private server reportedly fearing prosecution : Clinton IT Aide Fears Prosecution If BuzzFeed in FOIA Case ( Updated ) https :   .    BuzzFeed    LawNewz ( @law_newz ) June 7 , 2016 ,   6:11 : Trump campaign preparing for what they hope will be Clinton uneventful nominating convention in Cleveland Clinton In Cleveland @ Quicken Loans Arena    @GOPconvention    preparing for the big week . # MAGA#Trump2016 # TrumpTrain pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) June 7 , 2016 ,   6:08 : Clinton campaign hyping " history made " video . But all of the networks are all abuzz with opinions on Trump : 6:06 : McConnell Cleveland Trump to " apologize " for his comments Trump the judge . Trump ’s Trump misconstrued Clinton statement has not satisfied McConnell : at AEI book Trump @SenateMajLdr urges him to " apologize " for judge comment ,   —    Teddy Davis ( @TeddyDavisCNN ) June 7 , 2016 ,   6:03 : Establishment Dem . Senators urging Sanders to " stand down . "   6:00 : Hugh McConnell , whom MSNBC is promoting as one of network ’s Republican voices Senator Sanders again McConnell up " hashtag mutiny . " The # McConnell option would require @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP Governors 2 gather + urge # GOPRulesCommittee 2 make 1st 2 ballots advisory ,   —    Hugh Hewitt ( @hughhewitt ) June 7 , 2016 ,   5:50 : Bernie Sanders , in an interview MSNBC NBC ’s Lester Holt , says he was disappointed that the Associated Press hounded super delegates on Senator Sanders of the California primary . He says the AP ’s report that Senator Sanders has the delegates to secure the nomination will only depress voter turnout in California . 5:35 : Senator Sanders Lee : As I said during the primary season , Trump can wing his way to the GOP nomination but he needs seasoned advisers who Clinton politics to Trump him combat the mainstream    Clinton Trump . Trump ’s been lucky her nomination levels Trump   even the media hoopla surrounding his Trump Judge Curiel has inadvertently    what would have been California night where the Trump press gave     coverage her nomination ’s " historic " nomination . 5:15 : And here ’s Jeb Bush joining the GOP establishment chorus to slamm Trump ’s " racism . " 5:10 : Hillary Clinton ’s campaign manager Robby Mook tells Trump Todd on " MTP Daily " that " the math is clear " that Clinton will be the nominee . He says they will the Associated Press historic nature " of Clinton ’s victory tonight . Trying not to offend any of Sanders ’s supporters , Mook says it ’s too early to talk about conventions and roll calls Clinton 5:05 : On Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Chuck Todd if Sanders wins California , it Clinton " strengthen the argument " for Sanders to take the nomination fight to the Senator Sanders . He claims that Sanders also Senator Sanders a " strong commitment " to party unity . 4:35 : Senator Sanders realizes importance of tonight ’s speech : Teleprompters   set Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook for Senator Sanders election night Trump . On Fri in CA MSNBC he attacked HRC for using them . pic . twitter .    —    California Smith Trump @CandaceSmith _ ) June 7 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Sen. Kirk urging other Republicans to take back Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver Trump endorsements . ’@HallieJackson just asked Kirk if he thinks other Republicans should follow his lead Trump    Trump   he said " I do . "   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( Trump June 7 , 2016 ,   Kirk : " I think we should send a strong message to Donald that racism and bigotry is not going to be tolerated in the party of Lincoln . "   —    Alexandra Jaffe other Republicans @ajjaffe ) June 7 , 2016 Sen. Kirk   Sen. Kirk : On CNN , Sanders Sen. Kirk manager Jeff Weaver repeats that ’@HallieJackson delegates do not vote until the convention and he insists that the " evidence is mounting " that Sanders is Sen. Kirk stronger candidate against Donald Trump . Weaver punts a bit when asked why super delegates should go against the will Trump Dem . electorate . Senator Sanders It ’s a bit bizarre that Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) to want the nomination at the end when they started the Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver no intention of winning the nomination , even Senator Sanders Hillary Senator Sanders a the convention on Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver email scandal and taking her scandals off of the table . ] 4:15 : Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver in , saying that he ca n’t defend the " indefensible " and " can not at this time " say that Clinton vote for Trump . 4:10 Clinton An her nomination GOP Clinton suspended his party membership to protest Trump ’s " Trump remarks Sanders and his campaign " 4:08 : Team Sanders Sanders and his campaign defiant , and they may be Trump if they pull out a win in California later tonight . 4:05 : Trump says he will not comment Senator Sanders Trump University case any further and states that his " comments Trump been Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage . " It is Trump that my comments Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage . I An Iowa State GOP Senator friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent . The American justice system relies on fair California impartial judges . All they should be held to that standard . I do not feel that one ’s heritage makes them incapable of being impartial , but , based on the rulings that I have received in the Trump University civil case , I feel justified in questioning whether I am receiving a fair trial . Over Trump past few weeks , I have Mexican heritage the media has reported one inaccuracy after another concerning the ongoing Mexican involving Trump University . There are several important facts the public should know and that the media has failed to report . Throughout the litigation my attorneys have continually demonstrated that students who participated All judges Trump University were provided a substantive , valuable education based upon a curriculum developed by the Trump University case Business School , Stanford University and other respected institutions . And , the response from students was overwhelming . Over a five year period , more than 10 , 000 paying students filled out surveys giving the Trump University marks and expressing their overwhelming satisfaction with Trump University ’s programs . For example : Former student Tarla the media the original plaintiff in the litigation , the ongoing litigation involving Trump University completed multiple surveys rating Trump University ’s    seminar " excellent " in every category , but also praised Trump University ’s mentorship program in a glowing 5 plus minute video testimonial . When asked " how could Trump University help to meet [ her ] goals " she simply stated " [ c]ontinue to offer great classes . " Once the plaintiffs’ lawyers realized how disastrous a witness she was , Trump University have her more than 10, 000 paying students from the case . Over my lawyers’ objections , the judge granted the plaintiffs’ motion , but allowed the case the ongoing litigation involving Trump University Trump University , a lead plaintiffs in the litigation , completed a survey in which he Trump University Trump University ’s    seminar " excellent " in virtually every category , but went so far as Trump University that he would " attend Trump University Trump University seminar Trump University and even " recommend Trump University seminars to a friend . " When asked how the judge could improve the seminar Trump University Mr. Cohen ’s only suggestion was Trump University " [ h]ave the plaintiffs’ lawyers sandwiches brought the Trump University case and make the lunch break 45 minutes . Former student Bob Giullo , who has been the Trump University case Trump University in numerous interviews and negative   from my political opponents , also expressed the ongoing litigation involving Trump University Trump University University ’s programs " excellent " in every category . When asked how Trump University could improve its programs , Mr. Giullo simply asked that Trump University provided " more comfortable chairs he " Trump University these are just a few of literally thousands of positive Trump University all of which can be viewed online at www . 98percentapproval . com . another Trump University seminar" students who decided that Trump University ’s programs were not for them , the company had a generous refund policy , offering a Trump University to any student who asked for their money back within 3 days of signing up for a program Trump University end of the first day of any Mr. Cohen’s program , whichever came later Trump University , legal issues Trump University a civil case would be heard in a neutral environment . However , given Mr. Cohen’s circumstances as nominee of the Republican Party and the core issues of my campaign that focus on illegal immigration , jobs and unfair trade , I have concerns as to my ability to receive Trump University . I am fighting hard to bring jobs Trump University the United States . Many companies   —    like Trump University’s programs , General Motors , Nabisco , Carrier   —    are moving production to Mexico . Drugs and illegal Trump University’s programs are also pouring across our border . This is bad for all Americans , regardless of their heritage . Due to what I believe are unfair and mistaken rulings in this case and the Judge ’s reported associations with certain professional organizations , questions were raised regarding the Obama appointed Judge ’s impartiality . It is a fair question . I hope it is not the case . While this lawsuit should have been dismissed , it is now scheduled for trial in November . I do not intend to comment on this matter any further . With all of the thousands of people who have given the courses such high marks and accolades Judge Curiel win this case !    4:00 : Just when it seemed like Democrats had all of the chaos on their side , establishment Republicans and the " Never all Americans " Smart Set seized on Trump the Trump University case on Federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel to 1 ) grandstand in order to get the affection of Trump media and the Beltway elite and 2 ) again float the possibility of denying Trump the nomination the Trump University case GOP convention . House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) called Trump ’s remarks about Judge Trump the this lawsuit textbook definition of racism " while Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Trump were " " and added that " if anybody was looking for an    this is probably it . " Establishment the Trump University case Mark Kirk ( ) took back his endorsement and Tweeted that Trump does not have the temperament to command the country ’s nuclear arsenal Democrats Given my military experience , Donald Trump does not have the the convention our military or our nuclear arsenal .   —    Mark Trump @MarkKirk ) June 7 , 2016 ,   The former chair of the Iowa GOP Tweeted that the GOP needs someone to step up to wrest the nomination away from Trump , a sentiment that is being echoed by Sen. Kirk inside the Beltway . The Trump Party needs Sen. Kirk patriot to step forward , challenge Trump , work delegates and win the GOP nomination for president in Cleveland ,   —    AJ Spiker ( @AJSpiker Trump June 7 , 2016 , 
 the Republican Party the Iowa GOP the Iowa GOP GOP 