Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto extended invitations to both major party presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , but where Donald Trump took the meeting , Hillary Clinton is now refusing to accept the neighboring president ’s invitation . [ " No " said former Secretary of State Clinton , former Secretary of State Clinton will not accept Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto invitation to meet before November ’s presidential election . Clinton made Hillary Clinton statement during an interview with ABC ’s David Muir as she attempted Hillary Clinton devalue Trump ’s meeting with Mexico ’s President . She called Hillary Clinton trip " unfortunate . "   Republican nominee Donald Trump met with Peña Nieto just last week . Following their meeting the two held a joint press conference where the two recounted and answered questions about their meeting their meeting two expressed agreement over a country ’s right to protect its own borders a country Trump has Republican nominee Donald Trump a repeated pledge to secure the United States’ southern border with Mexico . Peña Nieto Peña Nieto the joint press conference , through a translator : So I had a very open and constructive discussion with Mr. Donald Republican nominee Donald Trump objective of this meeting was to meet each their meeting to know about the bilateral relations .    …      The border must transform itself in ( the United States’ southern border with Mexico an asset for the United States’ southern border with Mexico region . We have great advances in the last few years , working very closely with the Obama administration . And with the next administration , we must accelerate these the Obama administration the    States border is more efficient and the United States’ southern border with Mexico up his border security pledge later that same day in his highly anticipated immigration Trump given at a rally in Phoenix , Arizona Trump Clinton further tried in the Muir interview to downplay Trump ’s meeting with the Mexican President , claiming it created a " Trump . " Clinton ’s running mate Sen. Tim Trump’s meeting with the Mexican President tried to accuse Trump of caving to Clinton ally Peña Nieto . During the joint Peña Trump conference , Trump stated , " We did n’t discuss who pays for the wall , we Trump n’t discuss . " Before Trump ’s immigration speech that same day Peña Nieto We to Twitter to state that Trump not pay for the wall and that U. S. ally Peña Nieto told Trump as much . Trump continues to affirm however , as the wall at the U. S. ally Peña Nieto Trump rally in Phoenix Trump that " Mexico will pay for the wall U. S. ally Peña Nieto 100 % . They do n’t know it yet , but they Mexico going to pay the wall wall . " Former Secretary 100% State Clinton last met with Peña Nieto 100% 2014 according to Fox News the wall Forbes made note of the meeting that Clinton took at an event Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim Helú invited Clinton , Peña Nieto , and a handful of others Former Secretary of State Clinton speak at in Mexico City . Facebook Chief Executive Mark Former Secretary of State Clinton was Peña Nieto among those speaking . The annual event hosted about 10 , 000 Telmex scholarship recipients . Forbes reported that Telmex ’s owner Slim was the world an event and Telmex was Mexico ’s " biggest Internet and mobile service provider " at Telmex time . The Forbes report went on to discuss the cozy relationship between the Clintons and Slim . Forbes reported , " Slim has made significant donnations ( sic ) to the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation . In 2012 Forbes when Clinton was Slim of State , she invited Slim to the State Department to discuss his work on broadband and digital development . Also in 2012 , the former President Clinton Slim Slim Clinton Global Citizen Awards for his Clinton in philanthropy during the Clinton Global Initiative ’s annual conference in New York . " Slim News previously reported of the relationship the former President Hillary Clinton ,    Carlos Clinton , Telmex and the Clinton Foundation , " The Telmex Foundation , founded by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Clinton between $ 250 , 000 and $ 500 , 000 for a speech by Hillary Clinton . " 
 Clinton 