The Los Angeles Times published an article Sunday accusing Republican presidential nominee of dividing America with what The Los Angeles Times called "   campaign , " objecting to Trump ’s rhetoric on the campaign trail . [ Citing an amorphous " Many who have watched Trump’s campaign , " the The Los Angeles Times ‘ Noah Bierman alleges : " The    strategy Trump Trump’s adopted risks creating a lasting and bitter divide in American society . " He Noah Bierman worries that Trump Trump’s will be imitated by others .   The word " Obama " does not appear once in Bierman ’s Noah Bierman   —    a significant omission , since the 44th president has done more to divide Americans than any of his recent the 44th president . Obama has Obama history of violent rhetoric , telling supporters in 2008 to " get in their faces supporters and that " If they bring supporters knife to the fight , we bring a gun . " As president , he rammed the 44th president down the throats of the American people and repeatedly defied the Constitution   —    most recently , and brazenly , on the Iran nuclear deal . Obama has also used race to divide Americans , most recently in his support Obama the Black Lives Matter movement . He has Obama exploited class divisions , praising the Occupy Wall Street movement and adopting its " 99 % vs. 1 % " rhetoric in his    Obama in 2012 . It was Obama who accused his Republican Obama in that contest , the    Gov. Mitt Romney , of killing a former employee ’s wife . Dividing the country and demonizing opponents has been the rule in Obama ’s Obama . Bierman also lets Clinton off the hook . Nowhere does he mention Bierman comment Bierman half of Trump ’s supporters are a " basket of deplorables "   —    a comment for which she never Clinton apologized . Clinton has Clinton used racial rhetoric throughout her campaign Clinton an attempt to appeal to Black Lives Matter and its supporters Black Lives Matter The day after five police officers were murdered in Dallas , Texas at a Black Lives Black Lives Matter she spoke Clinton " systemic racism " and the need for white people to make amends . Clinton has also adopted Obama ’s divisive class war , running explicitly on a promise to soak the " one percent " with tax hikes . Laughably , Bierman cites   —    with horror   —    a Trump supporter who says she is willing to Clinton a " revolution " if he loses . Yet Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) ran an entire presidential campaign on the promise of a " political revolution , " which the Times does not see fit to mention . Bremen also claims Trump " casually threatened to jail his political opponent " Bremen —    omitting , like many others in the mainstream media who feigned outrage at the second presidential debate , that Trump was referring to Trump " a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton ’s email scandal , which would have put any other American else in jail . Whenever a Republican candidate , or a movement , is effective , the mainstream media claim that the country is being divided , as it did after the the country Party sweep of 2010 . We are already a divided nation   —    and the biased media have themselves to blame . the biased media B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 