Donald Trump declares that Donald Trump rival Hillary Clinton will be disqualified to run for president if his rival Hillary Clinton does n’t apologize and retract his rival Hillary Clinton statements calling millions of Americans racist   —    among other labels   —    by suggesting they could all be put into a " basket of deplorables . " [ " The disdain that Hillary Clinton expressed toward millions of decent Americans disqualifies her Hillary Clinton public service , " the Republican nominee says , speaking speaking in Baltimore to the   National Guard Association of the United States 138th General Conference   Exhibition .   He 138th General Conference  Exhibition.   : You can not run for president if you have such contempt in your heart for the American voter and she Hillary Clinton . You ca n’t lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its this nation . Hillary Clinton still has n’t apologized to those she Hillary Clinton   —    in fact   —    she Hillary Clinton n’t backed down at all . " If Hillary Hillary Clinton not retract her comments Hillary Clinton full , I do n’t see how she can Hillary Clinton campaign any further , " the New Yorker declared about the former secretary of state . " These were not off hand comments from Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton he added , Hillary Clinton these were prepared These that showed a " total disrespect for the people of our country . " " I am running to be a president for all Americans , " Trump vowed . " All Americans   —    you know what I mean . " He said he was " He shocked " by his opponent ’s He , saying that she attacked , Hillary Clinton and demeaned " these wonderful amazing people who are supporting our campaign by the millions "   —    people Trump says want Trump better future . " These were the people Hillary Clinton so viciously demonized . These we ’re among the countless Americans that HillaryClinton called deplorable , irredeemable and   . Nobody has heard anything like this . " " Hillary Clinton is Hillary Clinton supported by powerful insiders attacking Americans who have absolutely no political power , " he jabbed , saying he wants to be he voice for all Americans that seek change . 
 