Republican nominee Donald Trump says Republican nominee Donald Trump ’ll unveil Republican nominee Donald Trump plan to revitalize the U. S. economy on Monday afternoon at the Detroit Economic Club . [ his plan to revitalize the U. S. economy on Monday afternoon at the Detroit Economic Club aims to help everyone gain economically and Republican nominee Donald Trump will " focus on empowering Americans , " according to Republican nominee Donald Trump press release .   The his press release that the his plan to revitalize the U. S. economy on Monday afternoon at the Detroit Economic Club will stand in stark contrast to Clinton ’s same , stale big government policy prescriptions that have choked economic growth in America and led to over 40 years of wage stagnation . Americans will have two choices presented to them this November , to stay on the Americans path that has cost Americans millions of jobs , and declining incomes , or change that can finally allow Americans to reach their potential and become great again . " Americans also revealed members of his economic advisory team who , he says Trump will help Trump create jobs Trump assist with " fixing Trump Obama Administration ’s economic failures of the last eight years . " Members of the economic advisory team include : Steve Roth his economic advisory team Howard Lorber , Steven Mnuchin , Tom Barrack , Stephen M. Calk , John Paulson , Andy Beal , and Steve Feinberg . Additionally , the team includes highly respected advisers David Malpass , Peter Navarro his economic advisory team Moore and Dan DiMicco . The campaign ’s policy team will be led by National Director of Policy , Stephen Miller , and Deputy Director , Dan Kowalski . " I am pleased that we have such a formidable group of experienced and talented individuals that will work with me to implement real solutions for the economic issues facing our country , " Trump states in the press release on Friday . For too long we have watched as President Obama and Hillary Clinton have ruined our economy and decimated the middle class . I am going to be the greatest jobs President our country has ever seen . We will do more for the hardworking people of our country and our America Great Again . 
 our country our country our 