NEW YORK   —    Harvard law professor and progressive activist Larry Lessig has announced that Harvard law professor and progressive activist Larry Lessig is teaming up with a    law firm to offer " free and confidential " legal services to any members of the Electoral College who will vote against    Donald Trump in violation of state law . [ Lessig , a    presidential candidate , has served on the boards of numerous groups financed by billionaire George Soros .   Lessig ’s Electoral College scheme , which is being called the Electors Trust , is a    effort to stop   Donald Trump from becoming president . It comes after a petition drive by the    MoveOn . org activist organization sought to abolish Electoral College altogether . Lessig project also follows the largely failed recount efforts of Green Party candidate Jill Stein , who was aided by Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Breitbart News reported that the lawyer representing Clinton ’s recount Hillary Clinton’s , Marc Elias , recently led legal battles against state voting laws with an infusion of funding from Soros . Lessig Lessig effort to help electors vote against Trump was first reported on Monday by Politico : Lessig Lessig his Lessig effort , which he Lessig " The Electors Trust , " will provide free counsel to electors , provided by the midsize firm , Durie Tangri , whose partner Mark Lemley is a longtime associate of Lessig Lessig . More significantly , Lessig Lessig , the Trust will The Electors Trust platform   —    with guaranteed anonymity   —    for electors to strategize about stopping Trump from taking the White House . It ’s a platform The Electors Trust he said , that could help electors coordinate to determine whether they ’ve gathered enough electors to stop Trump from winning the Trump . " It makes no sense to be elector number five who comes out against Trump . But it Trump make sense It be elector 38 , " Lessig said in a phone interview . Writing at Medium . com , Lessig elaborated on his Lessig plot : Lessig their permission , the his electors plot can allow others to know that they are considering a the electors of conscience . But that information will not include either their identity or their state . Our their objective is to provide a safe and confidential legal context in which electors can seek advice and support , and depending on the facts , an opportunity to litigate to defend their freedom . Reached electors comment , Lessig refused to provide Breitbart News with the specific numbers of electors who are allegedly considering switching their votes from Trump electors " " I ’m not in the information flow for that . We ’re being very careful to assure anonymity , " Lessig said . Politico Lessig advocates of the bid to turn the votes of electors against Trump have briefed allies Trump to Hillary Clinton . Reported Politico : Clinton ’s Politico and Hillary Clinton National Committee have steadfastly refused to endorse the efforts spearheaded by a group of electors in Colorado and Washington state . But , as with the ongoing recounts initiated by Green Party nominee Jill Stein , the Clinton team has not Clinton’s team and the Democratic National Committee , leaving the collection of mainly Clinton’s team and the Democratic National Committee electors to push forward with no explicit public support from the failed Democratic nominee or any other prominent party leaders . Lessig launched his project after one Republican elector , Lessig Suprun of Texas , published a      in the New York Times announcing his intentions not to vote for Trump Lessig the Electoral College meets on Dec. 19 to formally elect the president . Lessig ’s movement seems to be gaining some momentum , even if it is a long shot . On Lessig’s movement , the New York Times published an opinion the New York Times citing Republican insiders saying there are other quiet " faithless electors " like Suprun plotting to vote against Trump . Still , Williamson , a Times editorial writer Trump when the Electoral College specializes in national politics , admitted the New York Times chances of the effort succeeding amount to a " moon shot . " Washington Post columnist Kathleen Parker also advocated for the scheme in a piece titled , " The electoral college should be unfaithful . " Parker claimed renegade electors would write a new history of Washington Post columnist Kathleen Parker heroism " : Electors are scheduled to meet Dec.   19 in their respective states to cast their final ballots . If Electors are 37 Republicans among Electors with the courage to perform their moral duty and their final ballots the nation from a talented their final ballots dangerous    a new history of heroism will have to be written . Lessig has been a national leader in the movement for    net neutrality , a concept highlighted in its infancy in his 1999 book , Code and Other    of Cyberspace    A study by the Media Research Center found that Soros ’s foundations and the Ford Foundation donated a combined total of $ 196 million to groups supporting " net neutrality . " Lessig served on the boards of numerous nonprofits advocating    net neutrality , including Public Knowledge , Free Press and the Sunlight Foundation . Lessig is still on Sunlight ’s board . All three Lessig funded by Soros , as documented here , here , here , Soros here . Asked about his associations with those groups , Lessig told Breitbart News Soros " I ’ve served on Lessig board of Public Knowledge , the advisory board of Sunlight’s board been a fan of Free Sunlight’s board no compensation from any of them , ever . " Asked whether he served on the board of Free Press , where he his associations with those groups listed on the board , he subsequently replied that he did , from   . Despite he namesake , Free Sunlight’s board a    he for government intervention he the Internet and news media . Lessig has been Free Press associate of Free Press founder Robert W. McChesney , a communications professor at the University of Illinois at    who has called Free Press U. S. capitalist system to be dismantled and replaced with a    system . " In the end , there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself , rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles , " McChesney wrote in a 2009 essay . the U. S. capitalist system worked on projects together and have    academic papers and opinion pieces in major newspapers . This reporter previously documented Free Press McChesney advocated for the development of a " world class "    media system in the U. S. " The need has never been greater for a    public media system in America , " begins a    Free Press policy paper titled , " New Public Media : A Plan for Action . " " Commercial media ’s economic tailspin has pushed public media to the center of the debate over the future of journalism and the media , presenting the greatest opportunity yet to reinvigorate and    the modern U. S. public media system , " argued the Free Press document . I further reported at the time : The Free Press study urges the creation of a trust fund   —    largely supported by new fees and taxes on advertising and the private media   —    to jump start the founding of a massive    public media system that will ultimately become   . " We believe local news reporting should become one of public media ’s top priorities , " said Free Press Managing Director Craig Aaron , one of the paper ’s   . " We should redeploy and redouble our resources to keep Aaron that most Americans ca n’t follow closely on their own , " Aaron stated . Aaron Klein is Breitbart We Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program most Americans " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With Aaron Klein by Joshua Klein and Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 