On Wednesday night , in front of a packed auditorium at Emory University , Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos spoke about feminism , political correctness , and perhaps the most significant campus free speech controversy of the year . [ Unlike the rest of the stops on " The Dangerous Faggot Tour , " Yiannopoulos’ visit to Emory was in response to a specific free speech incident that took place on the campus . Just a few weeks ago , Emory descended into chaos after a group of student protesters occupied an administration building and demanded that the Emory president , James W. Wagner , condemn Donald Trump on behalf of the university .   The demonstration was in response to the appearance of several    chalk writings around campus that protesters claimed created an unsafe environment for students . protesters also claimed that they were protesters and " in pain " over the chalk writings , and demanded that the university hold responsible the students guilty of the Donald Trump endorsement . Although Wagner allowed the student protesters protesters concerns in March , protesters wholly rejected their demand Wagner later   protesters    taking to a prominent sidewalk on campus and writing , " Emory stands for free expression , " in chalk .   On Wednesday night , several hundred Georgians showed up at White Hall to hear Milo ’s take on Emory ’s chaos . Although Emory student protesters showed up with posters to chant outside of the auditorium , their presence was dwarfed by a a few student protesters number of students wearing " Make America Great Again " hats and carrying " Socialism sucks " signs . White Auditorium at Emory University was n’t enough to contain the students who came out to see Yiannopoulos on Wednesday night . About a dozen students were lined up at the door , just so that they might get the chance to About a dozen students Yiannopoulos on his way out of Yiannopoulos auditorium Yiannopoulos For those who White Auditorium at Emory University watch the lecture , but were n’t able to get a seat , a live video feed of the event was played in a nearby classroom .   Yiannopoulos spoke for approximately 25 minutes before Yiannopoulos to students for questions . Students asked about political correctness , feminism , and Donald Trump . Perhaps the most significant portion of Milo ’s visit to Emory came after his lecture , when he lead students Milo the nearby Asbury Milo section of campus to chalk up the sidewalks .   Milo led students out of the lecture hall Milo’s through campus , settling into Asbury Circle , where he initiated the demonstration Asbury Circle " Dangerous Milo’s " in the center of the circle . Students were encouraged to write whatever Asbury Circle . Although most of the sidewalk received    Students , others went the other way , with one student writing " f**k Milo . "   Despite a student protester ’s insistence that " words can be violent , " no one was harmed by the chalk writings placed around Emory ’s campus on Wednesday night . Emory ’s social justice warriors may now realize that free Emory’s n’t as harmful as they might have thought . Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech Emory’s social justice warriors Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or on Facebook . You can email Tom Ciccotta at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta 