Republican campaign veteran Roger Stone tells Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon , " I have reported , and I stand by this , that a number of the billionaires who are funding Marco Rubio have told Marco Rubio that Marco Rubio has until the Florida primary on March 15th to show some leg . If Marco Rubio can not win Marco Rubio home state primary , it will be very hard to continue to justify Marco Rubio campaign . At that point , I think it is abundantly clear that Mitt Romney is waiting in the wings . " [ Stone continued :   Notice how Mitt Romney is suddenly tweeting all the    tweets ? So , Mitt Romney ’s been quiet for months and now Mitt Romney ’s suddenly carping about Trump ’s tax returns . Now Mitt Romney ’s carping about this phony story about David Duke , who Trump’s has no truck with whatsoever . I think Mitt Romney gets into those late primaries    …      in an effort to soak up votes . The purpose here is not to defeat Trump’s overall . The purpose here ’s just to stall Mitt Romney on the first ballot . " Here ’s what they say , " said Stone , when asked to describe the reaction of powerful Republicans , " they have to stall Mitt Romney short on the the first ballot We ’ve got they stall him Mitt Romney short of the magic numbers . " He Mitt Romney on to point out that with delegates free to vote as they want after delegates first ballot and the establishment picking delegates in many states , such as New York for example , Trump could conceivably lose as many as 100 votes on a second ballot , opening the door for Romney , or another challenger . More on Stone ’s Breitbart News Daily interview today can be found here : " He will be so disruptive of     that many , many establishment Republicans in their secret hearts would rather have Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump , " Stone said . Stone She ’s transactional Hillary Clinton She ’s a Hillary Clinton capitalist . If you ’re a lobbyist , you can make a deal with the Clintons . It ’s very simple . They worship money the Clintons Money is everything to them   … the Clintons You ca n’t buy Trump . You Donald Trump n’t bully Trump . And Donald Trump , he Donald Trump a Donald Trump . And that scares them . He the Clintons the Donald Trump nationalist in this race . " The full clip of the interview can be heard below . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 from 6 am to 9 am EST every weekday . 
 