Donald Trump weighed in on Saturday Night Live‘s repeated attacks on Donald Trump on Sunday , tweeting that the " boring and unfunny "    NBC variety show should finally " retire . " [ " Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on Donald Trump , " the Republican presidential candidate tweeted Sunday morning . " Time to retire the boring and unfunny show . Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging election ! "   Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on Donald Trump . Time to retire the boring the boring and unfunny show Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media Alec Baldwin !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 16 , 2016 ,   Saturday Night Saturday Night Live to play Trump ahead of its 42nd season Alec Baldwin which kicked off earlier this Trump with a mock sketch of the first presidential debate . Saturday night ’s most recent episode poked fun at Trump ’s performance during the second presidential debate . Trump asked , as the candidates were in the real debate last week , whether the tenor of the campaign was setting the proper example for American children , Baldwin , as Trump , curtly replied , " No . Next ! Trump " So you do n’t care about the kids ? " SNL‘s Anderson Cooper asks . " Anderson , I love kids . I love them so much I marry them , " Baldwin replied kids doing his best impression kids the Republican Baldwin . " I Baldwin been helping kids my whole life . In 1992 , I helped a kid named Kevin McAllister find a hotel lobby . You might remember the documentary Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York . " The skit also mocked Trump for standing behind Clinton while she delivered an answer , and had him call an Clinton audience member " Denzel . " Trump ’s tweet about SNL comes as the Republican candidate has repeatedly accused the media of colluding with the Clinton campaign to rig the election . " The media Clinton covering up for the Clintons , " the media at a rally in Greensboro , North Carolina on Friday . " The WikiLeaks documents show how the media conspires and collaborates . " " What a rigged system , folks ! " he continued . " The corrupt media is trying to do everything in their power to stop our movement . They do n’t want The corrupt media happening . " Baldwin is set The corrupt media play Trump for the entirety of Saturday Night Live‘s 42nd season . Watch the    of the second presidential debate above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 