Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " while being questioned on   whether Clinton Foundation donors got preferential treatment from Hillary Clinton ’s State Department , former Defense Secretary and CIA Director and Hillary Clinton supporter Leon Panetta declared that it ’s time to " move on " and to " focus on the issues that are facing the American people . "   Partial transcript as follows : RADDATZ : We turn now to the Clinton campaign and another collection of embarrassing emails released this week . Republicans say Republicans show improper relations between the Clinton Foundation and Clinton ’s top aides at the State Department . The Clinton campaign and the State Department deny any wrong doing . I spoke earlier to former Defense Secretary and CIA Director Leon Panetta , who has endorsed Clinton and started our conversation with accusations based on those email , that a Clinton Clinton senior executive was asking top aides at the State Department the State Department LEON PANETTA , FORMER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE : You know what   —    that ’s that something obviously will continue the be looked at . But staff people trying to make connections in Washington is a pretty prevalent behavior by most people in Washington . RADDATZ : You Washington n’t see anything wrong with a billionaire businessman donating to the Foundation and then asking Clinton ’s senior State Department aides for favors ? PANETTA : Well , I think the question is , whether anything was done in return for that kind of donation . And as far as I know , nobody ’s been able to pin down that that actually happened . RADDATZ : You know , her campaign implied this week Clinton is all part of her campaign    conspiracy or a load of bull as Bill Clinton said Friday . Do you think there is a conspiracy against her ? PANETTA : No Clinton I think it ’s politics . It ’s been politics for it long time . And , you know , opposing parties always going to make attacks . And you ’ll make attacks on the other party . That ’s part of the nature of the game . And I think they ’ve been through it opposing parties lot . But it the other hand , I have always found both of them to be opposing parties committed opposing parties the country and doing what ’s right for the country . RADDATZ : And yet the country latest emails   —    and there were more this week that had n’t been turned over to the State Department , play further into this notion that Americans do n’t trust her . You have known the Clintons for    . Have you ever or would you like to sit down with them and say , look , this looks the Clintons . There ’s got to be a different way to handle it ? PANETTA : Well , I think this ’s important for them to acknowledge the this that have been the Clintons and to then move on . But I would   —    I would frankly hope that the candidates would all focus on the issues that are facing the American people as we face another term for president of the United States . That ’s really what this debate ought to be all about , not about emails or some of the screwed up statements Trump has made . I think we ought to be focusing on the issues . RADDATZ : But Secretary Panetta the issues that are facing the American people as we face another term for president of the United States is an issue , those emails are an issue . You heard what FBI Director Comey said , she was extremely careless . PANETTA : Well , FBI Director Comey the same time , Secretary Panetta found no basis for any kind of action those emails And so , you know , it ’s been investigated , no action has been taken by the Justice Department , and I really do think it ’s time for the candidates and for the no action people to move on and talk about the real issues that are going to affect us as we face the future . Follow Pam Key on us @pamkeyNEN 
 