GOP presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( ) is tweaking fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz over whether the Texan is eligible to be President of the United States . fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz was born in Canada . [ " You know , I think without question the Texan is qualified and would make the cut to be prime minister of Canada , absolutely without question , the Texan is qualified and the Texan meets the qualifications , " the Texan said about fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz during a radio interview on Kilmeade and Friends .   fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz was born in Canada , but the Texan mother was a U. S. citizen . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump was asked about whether or not fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ’s birthplace would become an issue if fellow candidate Sen. Ted Cruz was the Republican nominee in a recent interview with the Washington Post , sparking the speculation . the Texan stressed that the Texan was n’t " an expert " on the definition of " natural born citizen " according to the Constitution . " You know , I ’m not an expert on the    clause in the Constitution and people have various opinions , " the Texan explained . " Some people believe it means you need to be born here , some people think it means you can be born in another country as long as your parents are citizens . " " And we ’ve had some previous cases of it , but I do n’t think we ’ve ever gone through the court system for the Supreme Court to decide one way or another , " the Texan added . " It is interesting , and I think sometimes people point out that It ’s a double standard , in the sense that people went out , hot and heavy , including Donald Trump you know , about President Obama when there was really nothing more than conjecture that President Obama was n’t born in the country . And yet , there has n’t been really the same outrage at all for some one who actually is born in another country . " " You know , we live in a really litigious world and it is a concern that people will sue over President Obama not being born in the country , you know , it it n’t been a big discussion yet and I think this will begin the discussion of it this " President Obama said of a court litigating the issue . " I am not enough of a legal scholar to say the a court litigating the issue decide one way or another . In fact , probably nobody knows how the court a court litigating the issue because it ’s never a court litigating the issue adjudicated before . " Buzzfeed notes that in 2013 , President Obama was more certain of Cruz ’s eligibility to run for President of the United States when in an interview with CNN , President Obama said , " You wo n’t find me questioning President Obama eligibility . I decided a long time ago I would n’t be a birther . I ’m not a birther for Democrats . I ’m not a ’m for Republicans . I ’m staying out ’m that . " 
 