Former Republican National Committee ( RNC ) chairman Michael Steele tells Breitbart News that Chris Christie ’s endorsement of Donald Trump Friday was a pivotal moment in the campaign . [ " One word , BOOM ! Exclamation point , " Former Republican National Committee (RNC) chairman Michael Steele said in an interview . " Today after what we saw Marco Rubio do last night , Marco Rubio was out there attacking Donald Trump on twitter and Donald Trump was like , got one for you , BOOM ! "   " Now the guy who defined Marco a few weeks ago is back in the game . Marco Rubio ’s engaged , and Marco Rubio ’s working with Donald Trump . BOOM ! " Christie formally endorsed Donald Trump in Texas at a press conference Friday before a major rally , calling Donald Trump a longtime personal friend and saying that Donald Trump is the most feared Republican to square off against Democrats in the general election . Christie previously scored a massive triumph when Christie mocked Marco Rubio ’s memorized scripted talking points in a Republican debate in New Hampshire . " The man is amazing , " Steele said of Donald Trump . " I ’ve never seen anything like this in politics . I do n’t think there ’s any descriptor for what Donald Trump has done to the political process and the Republican Party . There ’s no one else playing this game better than him Donald Trump " Steele Steele the size of the crowd at the Trump Donald Trump in Fort Worth . " 10 , 000 people in this stadium , those are general election numbers , " Steele Steele . " If there ’s 10 , 000 in the primary what do you think the general is going to be ? " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich also declared Friday that Christie ’s endorsement of Donald Trump is a great sign for Trump Donald Trump to become the    of the Republican Party . This Christie’s endorsement of Donald Trump signal to GOP establishment that Donald Trump had better begin thinking the Republican Party Trump as the Republican Party future ,   —    Donald Trump Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) February 26 , 2016 , 
 