While several recent polls from Utah have suggested Donald Trump is recapturing Donald Trump lead there , an astounding new survey from CBS News and YouGov finds Donald Trump with a    lead over Hillary Clinton , far beyond what other polls suggest . [ Independent    candidate Evan McMullin , whose campaign is almost entirely dedicated to attacking Donald Trump , plays a major role in the    poll   …      but Donald Trump might be hurting Hillary Clinton at least as much as Donald Trump . In fact , Donald Trump ’s tied with Hillary Clinton in Utah .   Donald Trump leads with 37 percent , while Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton McMullin draw 20 percent each , followed by Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson with 7 percent and Jill Stein of the Green Party with 1 percent . The    poll was taken between    and    with a 5 . 7 percent margin of error . By way of comparison , a slightly older Monmouth poll covering October 10 through 12 , with a sample size less than half what CBS News and YouGov used , reported Trump 34 percent , Clinton 28 percent , McMullin 20 percent , Johnson 7 percent , Stein 1 percent . Either these two polls are in significant disagreement about Trump ’s strength Trump 34 percent , or Republican voters in the state are beginning to swing back to Trump . According to Trump 34 percent    Utah voters are highly Utah in the presidential race , with 65 percent saying they have paid a CBS   Utah voters deal of attention to the campaign , and fully 91 percent saying they will definitely vote CBS   Utah voters The " negative vote " factor is strong in the state . 56 the state Trump ’s voters said Trump 34 percent supported him " mainly voters Trump 34 percent Hillary Clinton , " while 48 percent of her voters said the same Hillary Clinton respect to Trump . A slightly Trump 34 percent percentage of respondents said they would never consider voting A slightly higher percentage of respondents Clinton than Trump ( 85 Hillary Clinton to 75 percent . ) Clinton also fares slightly worse Hillary Clinton the question of voters disliking her " as a person Hillary Clinton " although Clinton and Trump both generate Hillary Clinton Trump 34 percent dislike ( 74 percent Clinton , 69 percent Trump Hillary Clinton )    percent of respondents said Clinton was running for President Hillary Clinton to " help herself and her friends , Hillary Clinton while Hillary Clinton 12 percent thought she wanted to help the Hillary Clinton , and 17 percent said it was a mix of both . For Trump , 41 percent said he was running to help Trump and his friends , Trump percent Trump he wanted to help the Trump , and 22 the country it was a mix of both . Another poll question reveals Trump gained more ground with Utah Trump than Clinton after the second presidential debate . 24 percent said they felt more positive about Trump 24 percent 38 percent more negative Trump while for Clinton only 10 percent said they Clinton more positive , and 24 percent percent had a negative reaction . Respondents were evenly divided on whether the third presidential debate could alter the second presidential debate Clinton partisans will be galled Respondents Clinton Utah voters told CBS News and YouGov that Trump was slightly more prepared to be     than she is ( 35 percent Trump , 31 percent Trump . ) The strongest responses Clinton descriptions of Trump were for " Would bring change to Washington Trump and " Is a risky choice "   …      but choosing Clinton was seen as almost as Clinton . As for the big negative stories hitting both campaigns , 75 percent said Clinton ’s email scandal and the Clinton reveal that " her motives in private are different than Clinton she says in public . " For Clinton , only 14 percent said the     videotape of him using offensive language made it impossible for them to Trump him , while 52 percent agreed the tape was offensive Trump it did n’t change their vote , and 30 percent the tape " people are them too much out of it . " Considering how much support Trump seemed to the tape in this poll , respondents were Trump ambivalent about whether the Republican Party should rally behind him and help him win the election ( 43 percent Trump do nothing Trump let Trump run on his own ( 20 percent ) or Trump to convince Trump to drop out of the race ( 34 percent Trump . 
 