Reality TV star Kim Kardashian has revealed that following a conversation with Reality TV star Kim Kardashian stepfather Bruce Jenner , Reality TV star Kim Kardashian is now considering voting for Donald Trump for president . [ Kardashian   —    who once appeared on an episode of The Apprentice   —    had been an active Hillary Clinton supporter and has even attended fundraisers for the Democratic nominee .    I got my selfie ! ! ! I really loved hearing Reality TV star Kim Kardashian speak   hearing Reality TV star Kim Kardashian goals for our country ! # HillaryForPresident , A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West ( @kimkardashian ) on Aug 6 , 2015 at 8:40pm PDT ,   Kardashian said Kardashian always thought Kardashian would cast Kardashian vote for Hillary Clinton . " At first I thought , ‘ Oh my God , I ’m so Hillary Clinton [ Clinton]’ but I had a long political call with Caitlyn last night about why Kardashian ’s voting Trump . I ’m on the fence , " Kardashian told Wonderland for their Autumn 2016 Fashion issue . Kardashian had apparently planned to vote for Clinton as recently as June . In an interview with GQ magazine , Kardashian revealed that Kardashian votes Democrat but considers Kardashian more of a liberal Republican . However , Jenner appears to have at least prompted Kardashian to reconsider Jenner vote . Jenner , an outspoken Republican , has been a thorn in Hollywood ’s side when it comes to politics . In August 2015 , Kardashian and Kardashian husband Kanye West attended a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in Los Angles , where the three took a famous selfie . " Kardashian was very nice and of course when Kardashian says to Kardashian , ‘ Can we take a selfie?’ I said , ‘ Hello , of course,’ " Hillary Clinton said of the experience in an interview on Ellen . " I mean that ’s like an obvious answer . Kardashian takes out Kardashian phone and Kardashian presses the button   —    I ’ve never seen this anywhere else    …      Kardashian pulls this out , this has lights all the way around this , like , little tiny , tiny lightbulbs . " In an interview with Yahoo News in November , Trump said that Kardashian had always been " nice " to Trump when they met . With Hillary ’s popularity wavering with Millennials , only time will tell if Kardashian ’s new consideration for Trump will further deepen Hillary ’s slide Hillary very important voting group . 
 