Democrats and    Republicans have been using false Hitler analogies to frighten Jewish voters away from Donald Trump , after several successive presidential elections in which more Jews have been voting for the GOP . [ However , aside from attacking Trump ’s comment in February that Trump’s would be " neutral " in negotiations ( though not in general ) between Israelis and Palestinians , Democrats struggle to name a single thing Hillary Clinton has done for Israel in decades of political life .   It is easy to find several    things Hillary Clinton has done . These include : supporting the Iran deal , which places Israel in grave danger as Iran slowly expands Iran nuclear program and continues supporting terrorists tattacking on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for approving apartments in a Jewish neighborhood of Jerusalem comparing Israel to Iran and the Jim Crow South and kissing Yasser Arafat ’s wife , Suha ( above ) after she falsely accused Israel of using poison gas against Palestinians . While at the State Department , Clinton also surrounded Clinton with    advisers and distributed    articles . And he running mate , Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) not only backed the Iran deal , but actually boycotted Netanyahu ’s speech to Congress last year . But naming anything Clinton has done for Israel   —    whether as First Lady , U. S. Senator from New York , or Secretary of State   —    is much more difficult . A Clinton rapid response website called " Correct the Record " attempts to compile a list , but two of its A Hillary Clinton rapid response website called "Correct the Record" attempts to compile a list are demonstrably false , and the rest are all things Clinton Clinton , but that were contradicted by her Clinton . For example , the A Hillary Clinton rapid response website called "Correct the Record" attempts to compile a list Clinton Clinton the way on imposing sanctions on Iran , but in fact her Clinton Department opposed new sanctions again and again . It also A Hillary Clinton rapid response website called "Correct the Record" attempts to compile a list she Clinton a    between Israel and the Palestinians over Gaza . She Clinton involved in talks , but Hamas started violence again soon afterward , and Clinton removed that claim from her Clinton . Trump , who has supported    causes , has a thin policy record on Israel   Israel but he has never held public office before . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter he @joelpollak . 
 