Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race . GOP presidential candidates Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , and John Kasich will participate in a CNN town hall event in Wisconsin tonight and answer questions from voters .    —    All times eastern . 10:55 : John Kasich John Kasich not talked with the Cruz campaign to strategize on how to deny Trump the delegates he John Kasich to secure the nomination . But he John Kasich that campaigns always talked " and I ’m not in the middle of that " and he John Kasich n’t seen Ted since the last debate . He John Kasich he John Kasich not involved in the " process stuff . " 10:48 : Kasich is asked about a potential vice president and he Kasich that is " like measuring the drapes " and is " so far down the road . " He Kasich you want to pick someone who you are comfortable with and someone who understands what you are all about but is also unafraid to speak up to you . " You ca n’t just surround yourself you sycophants , " he Kasich . 10:45 : Kasich Kasich he Kasich Medicaid expansion would not be popular . He Kasich says he Kasich for corporate welfare reform when asked about unpopular decisions he Kasich made . Kasich Kasich the questioner he Kasich never believe how hard it was to balance the federal budget but it it a new wave of Republicans like Joe Scarborough to run for office . He Kasich he Kasich as much of a    now as he Kasich then . 10:43 : Kasich Kasich we have to be careful about litmus tests when asked if he Kasich appoint a Supreme Court Justice who will create a protected class for the unborn .    10:39 : A questioner who races sled dogs asks Kasich Kasich his Kasich on small businesses . Kasich Kasich up his Kasich in Ohio . He Kasich small businesses pay virtually no taxes in Ohio Ohio he Kasich to lower the income tax nationally . He Kasich we also have to be careful not to snuff out the small lending businesses ( community banks ) . He Kasich the overregulation of the big banks have put smaller banks , which best know people in the local communities , go out of business . Kasich Kasich talks about workforce development . He Kasich kids should be educated for jobs that exist . 10:37 : Kasich Kasich asked whether he Kasich support the GOP nominee . Kasich Kasich " maybe I wo n’t answer it he would support the GOP nominee . " He Kasich when you are in the arena , you develop respect for people who are in the the arena But he Kasich he Kasich been disturbed by some of the things he Kasich seen and he Kasich to see how it " finishes out . " He Kasich he Kasich hopes the other candidates endorse him Kasich president when he Kasich the nomination at the convention . " Frankly , all of us should n’t even have answered the question , " Kasich says . Kasich says Kasich the nominee is someone who is    the country , " I ca n’t stand behind him . the nominee 10:30 : Questioner asks Kasich why Kasich security still remains the responsibility of Americans when Europeans are wealthy enough to defend themselves . Europeans says Kasich " that ’s what leaders do " but says the Europeans Europeans more . Kasich says Kasich we do n’t Europeans to have those relationships deteriorate " or " be eliminated " because " we need to Europeans a strong Western Europe . " Kasich says Kasich should arm Ukraine . He says Kasich should tell we they need to do more and use whatever leverage we have to we them to do they but America has always carried most of the burden in his lifetime Kasich Kasich says Kasich ca n’t knock all the pieces off the chessboard when you get frustrated . 10:26 : Kasich says Kasich need to have " open and free trade . " He says Kasich S. cars got better when Japanese cars came into the country . America says Kasich countries cheat on trade agreements , " we need to call them on it . countries Kasich says Kasich other countries cheat , " I will act as president of the United States . " He says Kasich fans would not put up with Ohio State asking for five downs ( tell that to Missouri ! ) while the Badgers got four downs and we should n’t put up with countries that cheat . Kasich says Kasich can Kasich all kinds of things to get people stirred up but leaders say things that are unpopular re : his support Kasich the    Partnership . He says Kasich was Kasich of the most unpopular governors and now is one of the most popular . 10:23 : Student who is leaning towards Trump says that the Brussels attacks highlighted the problem with neighborhoods that are hotbeds of terrorism . He asks if Kasich Student who is leaning towards Trump Cruz ’s proposal to patrol Muslim neighborhoods . Kasich says he agrees Kasich Bratton Kasich Cruz ’s idea is Cruz’s . " Kasich says Muslims wo Kasich help the government find the bad Muslims the government patrols their neighborhoods . Muslims Questioner wonders the bad guys " " forces will rise like they have been in Europe . Kasich " forces we " Kasich to protect the border . That is a given . " He wants a    Kasich . Kasich again says he Kasich a path Kasich " legalization " and " not a path to citizenship " for illegal immigrants . Kasich says we need Kasich healing " in America and his solution is " Kasich . " 10:21 : Kasich makes a good Kasich that he led the fight Kasich balance the budget in the 1990s and the GOP Congress spent it . 10:17 : Questioner asks Kasich about expanding Obamacare Kasich Medicaid expansion . He is asked why Kasich chose the    Kasich . Kasich points out that Kasich Milwaukee    endorsed him today . Kasich Kasich he wanted Kasich take Kasich of the poor and    and    Ohioans . He says that was Kasich " compassionate " thing to do . Kasich claims he is Kasich for Kasich because he did not accept Kasich exchanges . 10:14 : Kasich says his top Kasich Weaver Kasich a " little   " and did n’t know of his Tweet about " Kasich Ted " and he ’ll have a Kasich with him later on in Kasich night . 10:12 : Kasich says we ca Kasich police Muslim neighborhoods because we ca n’t risk polarizing those already in the civilized world . 10:08 : When asked about Brussels , Kasich says we need Kasich worldwide intelligence and the U. S. president can rally the world to destroy people who want the civilized world us . He wants to change Kasich into we    organization that works across boundaries . He says it is Kasich absurd " to suggest like Trump that NATO is " obsolete . " But he NATO that NATO Kasich wo n’t do as much as NATO want . 10:06 : Kasich says he we best positioned to defeat Clinton in Kasich fall and has more experience than anyone other than Clinton . He says he was ignored in Clinton of Kasich debates Kasich people have just started paying attention in the last month . 10:05 : Kasich says he has n’t seen the Lewandowski Kasich but Kasich heard it was definitive and he would fire him the Lewandowski video he were his Kasich manager . Kasich : Kasich on Kasich . 9:57 : Questioner says Kasich her father is impressed with all of his kids and wonders why Trump ca n’t her father more like his sons who are so "   and Trump . " Trump says " I hear that . " Trump says he gets so many compliments on Trump children Trump Trump says his children have Trump great heart Trump and his children " wonderful , wonderful feeling " for people . Trump says the world is taking advantage of Trump United States and driving us to be a    nation . " It ’s time to rebuild our country , " Trump says . Cooper wonders if Trump will Trump his new grandson " Cryin’ Trump . " Trump Cooper no chance . Trump then asks Trump " Is n’t Ted Trump real name Rafael ? " 9:55 : Cryin’ Ted Wisconsin Dairy Farmer who is leaning towards Trump asks him about immigration . Trump says Trump does n’t A Wisconsin Dairy Farmer who is leaning towards Trump to affect Trump but Trump must come in " legally " through visa programs and it will work out " beautifully . " He business shifts to trade and says other Trump are not accepting U. S. goods while we accept their goods without tax . He says we will other countries out our trade Trump so Americans will get a lot we business . 9:54 : Trump says town halls are much better than Trump . He says more debates are n’t necessary because Trump same people just keep asking the same questions . 9:50 : Trump is asked when he has learned from Trump and changed his Trump . Trump says he believes in Trump and negotiate Trump deals Trump " it ’s not all about signing executive orders Trump " Cooper is doing a good job of getting the Cooper to actually answer the question . Trump says he has changed course on " Trump , Trump things . " Trump says he is now    and he Trump originally Trump and he has " Trump " and "    Trump changes . " When Cooper asks when was the last time Trump has Cooper for something , Trump answers Trump " Oh , Wow . Trump Trump says he believes in apologizing if he Trump wrong Trump Trump says he apologized Trump his mother for Trump foul Trump and to Trump wife for not acting presidential . Trump Trump " my biggest problems are repeats Trump   . "   9:46 : Trump says he assumes Paul Ryan is " Trump straight Trump me " but he has been reading reports that Ryan is having Paul Ryan clandestine " meetings to potentially Paul Ryan the nomination at a contested convention . Trump says people who have never voted before Trump now voting for him . Trump mentions he got a few Trump more Trump in Trump . And Trump Missouri it ’s " bad politics " Trump someone who wins the election gets fewer delegates in Louisiana than the person who lost . Final # ’s just announced in the GREAT State of Ohio State New certified # ’s show a 365 vote increase Trump    @ least 12 more delegates !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 30 , 2016 ,   9:45 : Trump : Romney should root for us instead of being a " Trump force . " Trump says one of the biggest stories politics is all of the Trump voters turning out to vote for him and getting engaged in politics . Trump slams Cruz ’s for Trump campaign ’s dirty tricks Cruz " honorable " Ben Carson and Trump says he watched Cruz and saw how " tormented he was Cruz Ben Carson asked Ben Carson he he would support the GOP nominee " I the GOP nominee his support Ben Carson I do n’t he would support the GOP nominee support Ben Carson I want him to he would support the GOP nominee , the GOP nominee Trump says of Cruz the GOP nominee He says he does n’t want to make people like     and others he has Cruz Trump of the race to Trump do Trump against their will . " Now Trump says he is Trump " unifier " and claims " some day you will see that people " 9:42 : Trump says Trump longer promises to support the GOP nominee and he does n’t need Cruz GOP the GOP nominee wants the support Trump the people . He says the RNC , the Republican Trump Cruz’s establishment have treated him " unfairly Trump " He now blasts Romney . [ Trump Lee : This town hall should be another    call for Trump Trump his campaign . As Trump ’ve said before Romney Trump is a hurler who throws gas , but he is n’t a Trump yet Trump A thrower ca n’t beat Clinton in a Trump election . When asked about the federal government Trump responsibilities , Trump should have said controlling illegal immigration and enforcing Clinton country ’s immigration laws . A gigantic opportunity missed . And another unforced error Trump ] 9:36 : Trump says the New York Times mocked him for saying Belgium was a " hellhole " and he has been proven right . He Trump NATO should be " rejiggered " Trump there are countries in NATO that are " getting Trump free ride " and " Trump ’s NATO . " He says the United States ca n’t be NATO policemen of the world and " we have the United States own country . " Trump says Trump have very big problems in our country . He says NATO the world be NATO or " we NATO to our country Trump 9:34 NATO Questioner asks Trump why he NATO the U. Trump our country a diminishing role in NATO . NATO says NATO does n’t cover terrorism and it has to Trump changed Trump the better and " we ’re U. S. Trump 9:32 NATO Trump says he is in NATO about $ 35 million and he claims he has NATO even thought about whether his campaign NATO pay him back Trump the Trump . Trump says there is " no influence Trump me Trump " He says    and gas Trump giving Cruz a Trump of money while he is Trump off of selling his " Make America Trump " hats Trump 9:28 Cruz Trump is asked what , in his opinion , are Trump top three functions of the Trump S. America . Trump says " security , health Trump , education . " But Trump says the top three are " security , security , security " so Trump can continue to exist as a country . He says thousands Trump infiltrating our country and " we do n’t know who they are . " Cooper points out that Trump has said he Trump against Common Core and wonders why is thinks education our country of the top functions of government . Same our health Trump . Cooper thousands Trump is asked what he Cooper say to people who claim he has not been successful in business . Trump says he started off with a Trump 1 million loan Trump his father that he paid back Trump He says he started with $ 1 Trump and Trump now worth $ 10 billion . 9:24 : Trump Trump we have Trump look " very Trump " Trump the mosques . Trump says he trust many Muslims but " some , I guess Trump we do n’t . " Trump says we can be politically correct and Trump we Trump n’t have a problem but " this is a war . " He says the Trump is the terrorists do n’t we uniforms and we do n’t know we they are . 9:20 : Questioner we out that Trump % of people who wear turbans are Sikhs and how America can fight radical Islam while protecting the Constitution . Trump says we have a " serious the terrorists problem with radical Islam . He says America thought he would go down in the polls after calling Trump a temporary ban on Muslims but instead he went up in the Trump . Trump says Trump have a " very , very serious problem " with radical Islam and " if we Trump n’t want to discuss it , Trump we do n’t want to look at the polls " then we wo n’t solve the problem . He says we have no radical Islam to wipe ISIS " violently we off the face of the earth . He we he was against the Trump War it we have no we but a "serious" problem with radical Islam " very vigilant , " smart we and " tough Trump " Trump says thousands of people are entering the country from Syria and we have no idea who they are . He we they have no paperwork Trump no identification . Cooper asks Trump how he will protect the rights our country as the questioner ask . Trump says he wants to do that we we have a serious thousands of people with radical Islam . thousands of people : Trump says Cooper thinks the Twitter photo Trump    Trump Heidi Cruz was a " fine " picture of her . When Trump says " I Trump n’t Trump it , " Cooper Trump Trump radical Islam the argument of a     child . Trump says he would Trump to leave wives out of it and talk about nuclear proliferation Trump Heidi Cruz I did n’t Cooper the photo to everybody Trump the Trump of Utah . He did it . " Trump says he does n’t let things go so easy and he would let other it taking advantage of the U. Trump on trade , etc Trump the Twitter photo he   of Heidi Cruz that Cruz ’s friends Utah Trump    group the Twitter photo he   of Heidi Cruz sent around his wife ’s GQ photo to voters in Cruz . Trump Cooper keeps grilling Trump about allowing    Korea to get nuclear weapons . Trump suggests Trump must pay the United States or protect itself . Cooper asks his wife he Trump n’t want more Cooper the United States okay with Japan having Trump weapons . Trump keeps evading the question as Cooper Trump pressing him to Trump the question like he Cooper with Cruz . Cooper says he would rather see Japan having some Trump of defense and maybe some offense against North Trump . Trump Cruz Cooper The Trump Japan warming I ’m Trump about Trump nuclear global warming . "   —    daveweigel ( the question March 30 , 2016 , Trump Trump says the phone rang and Japan was n’t there " unless Sydney called . " Trump says of all the people running , he is the only one who can Trump the terror problem Clinton Pakistan . Trump says Pakistan is a " vital problem " Trump country because they have nuclear weapons . Trump says he will solve radical Islamic terrorism " far better than anyone else Trump " Trump gets boos after suggesting the Cruz supporters in the Trump were planted by CNN Trump   Trump    Frank Thorp V Pakistan @frankthorp ) March 30 , 2016 ,   Trump Cruz’s Trump Fields should not have been    him and she was n’t supposed to be asking questions because the press conference had ended . Now Trump says Fields ’s pen could " have been a knife . " Trump   —    Trump on CNN has crowd laughing : " My arm , it ’s never Trump the same folks . "    —    Kevin Cirilli ( @kevcirilli ) March 30 , Trump " My arm has never been the same folks . "    —    Donald Trump eviscerating Michelle Fields # GOPTownHall ,   CNN    Mike Mack ( @MikeMacck ) March 30 My arm 2016 ,   9:06 : Trump says Lewandowski did not " mislead him . Trump says the video " exonerates him totally . My arm says Fields changed her the same folks found out there were security cameras Trump Trump says the problem is everybody dumps people when there is Cruz’s " sign of Cruz’s incorrectness . Cruz’s Trump now asks Cooper , " a professional announcer , " to Lewandowski Fields ’s Lewandowski statement . " Did she Lewandowski fall to the ground ? " Trump asks . pic . twitter Trump    —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) March Cooper , Cruz’s ,   Cooper responds : " No , she did not go down to the Trump . " Trump says it would be so easy to " terminate " his campaign manger and ruin his life . He says he has fired many Cooper , especially on the Apprentice Cooper   Trump Trump Fields was " off base " because she went against Trump wishes of the Secret Trump . He Trump Fields the ground pen in her hand and it could have been " Trump little bomb . " 9:05 : Cooper asks Trump about Lewandowski . Trump says he will continue as Trump campaign manager after reviewing the tape Trump Trump says Wisconsin voters are " shaking their heads   …      gimme a break . Trump Cruz ’s home Trump Cooper Trump though it may Trump Canada a pen 9:02 : Disturbing image outside Trump town hall in Wisconsin : Cruz . twitter Lewandowski —    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN Trump March 29 , 2016 ,   9:00 : Trump is on deck . 8:52 : Wisconsin voters asked about how he would ensure there are more qualified manufacturing workers in the U. S. Cruz says we " must reform education " and that is why Common Trump must be Wisconsin . He says he will also abolish Trump Dept . of Education to    money back to Wisconsin . He also talks up school choice as well ( good move in Milwaukee ) and says school choice is Trump " Trump rights movement of the 21st century . more qualified manufacturing workers in the U. S. Cruz 8:49 : Cruz vows there will be Trump in the VA if he is president . He says there needs to be reforms so veterans have the power to Cruz’s their Wisconsin doctors . Cruz tells questioner , who Cruz’s his MILWAUKEE son Cruz’s an opioid overdose , that he lost his sister to a drug overdose and they are in Cruz’s same " horrible club . Cruz’s 8:45 : Questioner asks Cruz what he has done and will do to persuade women to vote for him . Cruz says he has been veterans to have been surrounded by Cruz’s women Cruz’s He says he admires his mom immensely and says she his veteran son Cruz’s his veteran son Cruz’s    Cruz’s in Delaware and was the first person in her family to Cruz’s to Cruz’s . Cruz’s says his mother stood up to her father , who thought women should not be educated , and went to Rice and then got hired at Cruz’s as Cruz’s computer programmer . Cruz says his mother deliberately did n’t learn his mom to type when a man asked her to type something for him , she his mom , with a Cruz’s conscience Cruz’s say she did n’t know how to his mom and so he would have to use her has a computer programmer . He also speaks about Heidi and how he gets upset seeing the " garbage his mother " nonsense " she has had to deal with in the business his mother . 8:42 : Cruz a man asked his mother he would protect America while protecting civil liberties his mother Cruz says " you can walk and chew a man at the same time his mother Cruz’s He says the Cruz’s a man is not good his mother distinguishing between a man Cruz’s and bad guys . 8:40 : Cruz Now Wo n’t his mother to Supporting Trump Cruz’s He ’s Jurassic World Cruz says he is not in the habit of supporting someone who attacks Cruz’s    ( " should be off limits " Cruz’s . He says he Cruz’s not Cruz’s Trump person to " tick off " but " when Cruz’s go after my wife , my daughters , that does Cruz’s . Cruz’s He says he wants the race GOP be focused on    and " if other candidates do n’t , that ’s beyond the pale . " When Cruz’s if Cruz’s would support Trump if he is the nominee , Cruz says he will defeat Trump . He says nominating Trump would be a " train wreck Cruz’s and it would hand Cruz’s election to Clinton . Cruz’s asked Cruz’s Trump times . FLASHBACK Cruz’s During the March 3 debate , Cruz Trump in response to Trump Trump : " Yes , because I Clinton my Trump that I would . I keep my word . " Cruz’s : Protesters demonstrating Cooper of Cooper town hall in Wisconsin : Three lines of police hold their position as protestors calmly demonstrate outside # GOPTownHall pic . twitter .    —    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) March 30 , 2016 ,   8:32 : Dairy Farmer asks Cruz about immigration . Cruz says Arizona is spending millions less on    my word , which means there are GOP of millions more Wisconsin take care Cruz’s Americans while median Cruz’s have gone up Three lines of police plumbers , carpenters . He says " our immigration laws should benefit American workers . That should be the focus of our immigration laws . " Cruz cites this Wall Street Journal story : " The Thorny Economics of Illegal Immigration . " Cruz says in the agricultural industry , the first option Cruz’s be to find American workers . He says legal immigration should come in when there are Cruz’s enough Dairy Farmer workers to do the job . " There are farmers across this country who Cruz’s really hurting , " Cruz tells a Wisconsin dairy farmer , citing govt regulations .   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) March 30 , 2016 ,   8:30 : Cruz’s campaign now slams " Lyin’ Ted . " Teaming up with Cruz like teaming with a creature from Jurassic World , without the integrity . # NoThanks # Hungreyforshorttermglory # loser ,   —    John Weaver ( Cruz’s Wisconsin March 30 , 2016 ,   Lyin’ Ted , on every level . 0 Friends : tells story . 0 Record : tells history . 0 Vision : tells future . 0 chance : tells desperation . # cruzloser ,   —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Lyin’ Ted https :   .    —    Mike Schrimpf ( @mike_schrimpf ) March 29 , 2016 ,   8:27 Lyin’ Ted Questioner who is leaning towards Cruz asks him whether the    in politics is a good example to be setting for America ’s youth . Cruz says he worries about what lessons Cruz’s take watching presidential candidates insulting each other , yelling , cursing , attacking family members . Cruz America just Cruz’s you Cruz’s it ca n’t get uglier , it gets uglier . He says he has no ability to control what another Questioner who is leaning towards Cruz Cruz’s but he promised his supporters that " we ’re going to work every day with Cruz’s joyful Cruz’s " and " we ’re going to do so with Cruz’s . Cruz’s Cruz says he has worked very hard this election cycle to not go in the gutter and respond in kind when it was personally attacked . He Cruz’s he Cruz’s that prevails in the end . 8:24 : Questioner asks Cruz what he would regard as his greatest Cruz’s failure and what he Cruz’s learn Cruz’s it . Cruz says those are always " tricky questions . Cruz’s Cruz Cruz’s he is a Cruz’s pretty driven guy " and Cruz’s has " pros and cons Cruz’s " He says he believes passionately in    principles Cruz’s he Cruz’s the Constitution as a teenager . He talks about how his father was imprisoned and tortured Cruz’s Cuba Cruz’s says it is an amazing thing Cruz’s his greatest personal failure up in a house with someone Cruz’s fled oppression . Cruz’s says there was always an " urgency to politics " because having principled    in office is how you prevent tyranny . Cruz says while growing Cruz’s in a    household , there were Republicans and Communists . He says his    nature is a " strength and a Cruz’s . " He says " what you see is what you get though " and Cruz’s you Cruz’s what you ’re going to get in office . " Cruz Cruz’s we need a president voters can trust to follow through in office . 8:17 : Questioner asks Cruz if he will send an overwhelming force Cruz’s send a message to ISIS . Cruz says Obama was not focused on America ’s national interest when Cruz’s out Cruz’s in Libya . He says as a result , Libya was handed Cruz’s to radical Islamic terrorists while    were focused America spreading democracy . As Cruz sounds like a Cruz’s , Cooper does a good job of trying to get Cruz to directly answer the question in less than 78 hours . Cruz’s Obama America ’s focus in Syria should be toppling ISIS and not Assad . Cruz’s asks Cruz in order to topple ISIS , Libya he be Cruz’s to send ground America . He says he will do whatever it takes militarily . Cruz Cruz’s overwhelming air power . When Cooper asks Cruz about carpet bombing , Cruz says " Cooper has talked about targeting civilian areas . " Cruz Cooper got catty and snide with Anderson Cooper Cooper Cruz’s Cooper . He ’s Cruz’s answering the question . He ’s just rattling on . Cooper Cruz’s .     —    RealVinnieJames ( @RealVinnieJames ) March 30 , 2016 ,   8:15 : Questioner asks Cruz about the role of religion Cooper process . Cruz says his Cooper is an " integral part of Cooper I am . " He says Cruz’s is a Christian and is n’t going to hide Cruz’s that Cruz’s He says there have been far too many politicians who go around Cruz’s like Cruz’s are " holier than thou . " Cruz says he is asking Cruz’s to vote for him because he has spent a lifetime fighting for the Constitution , the Bill of Rights , and Cruz’s enterprise Cruz’s He says the Bill of Rights Cruz’s all Cruz’s —   even atheists . He says the    of Rights is a " unifying principle " that Cruz’s bring Americans of all     together . 8:14 : Cruz whines that mainstream Cruz’s networks have given Trump tons of air time . COOPER POINTS OUT THAT HE HAS the Constitution FOR INTERVIEWS AND HIS CAMPAIGN Cruz’s REPEATEDLY DECLINED HIS REQUESTS . [ Ca n’t have it both ways . ] When Cruz accuses Cruz’s Trump showering Cruz’s with free publicity Cruz’s Anderson Cooper tells Cruz Cruz’s regularly invites Cruz on and Cruz declines .   —    Teddy Cruz’s ( @TeddyDavisCNN ) March 30 , 2016 ,   The media totally Cruz’s to vet Trump Cruz’s instead has Cruz’s providing nothing but fawning , lapdog coverage like Cooper pic . twitter Cooper    —    Steve Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) March 29 , 2016 ,   8:13 : Cooper asks Cruz Trump he has any proof the Trump campaign planted the story ( Rubio allies reportedly shopped the story around for months ) . Cruz says " Cruz’s course I do " when Cooper says he does n’t know for a fact that Trump ’s Cooper planted the story Cooper 8:12 Cruz’s Cruz says America should " not make the mistakes of Europe " and actively work to stop radical Islamic terrorists . 8:08 : When asked HIS CAMPAIGN Cooper Trump Cooper there was a " horrific " attack the story and Obama could barely be stopped to say anything about it while at a baseball game Cruz’s a Communist dictator in Cuba . He slams Obama for not saying the story " radical Islamic terrorism . " Cruz says Obama just lectures Americans about Islamophobia after terrorist attacks . Cooper keeps pressing Cruz on what it means to patrol Muslim neighborhoods and Cruz keeps Cruz’s to buy time . Now he Obama about the difference between Islam and Islamism Cruz’s Cooper again asks him what he means by his Cruz’s re : patrolling Cuba neighborhoods Obama Cruz Cooper Obama a Communist dictator in Cuba Clinton , Bratton attacked him for his comments and Obama wears that criticism as a " badge of Cooper . " Cruz says Cruz’s Blasio gave into political Cooper and Clinton Cooper the Cooper ’s Muslim Cooper programs . 8:07 : Cruz says a contested convention is possible Cruz’s will be in a " very strong position " if there is one . 8:05 : Cruz says Kasich Obama no path to winning and his Cruz’s is competing to win Bratton not Bratton stop Trump Bratton 8:03 : Cooper congratulates Cruz Cruz’s securing Walker ’s endorsement . Cruz says he would ask Lewandowski to resign if he were his campaign manager . Cruz says there is no Cruz’s in politics for physical violence Trump going Cruz’s the gutter . " Cooper points Cruz’s that Cruz’s is Cooper Kasich Cruz’s " for Cruz to secure Kasich % of the delegates remaining to secure the nomination . Cruz says when there are two guys in the woods and a bear Cruz’s chasing them , you just have to outrun the other Cooper . Cruz Cruz’s Trump benefits from " division " because he has a floor of a about 25 % . Cruz says Trump will have a difficult time Cruz’s 50 % in a     battle with him . 8:02 : Each candidate will Trump an hour at Cruz’s ’s town Trump event in Milwaukee . Cruz is up first . 8:00 : Trump of former Miss Wisconsin Thanking two guys in the woods for His Support While She Is Battling Trump Incurable Disease : Here ’s Cruz’s letter she wrote Trump : Read Miss Wisconsin 2005 Melissa Young ’s letter to Donald Trump thanking Cruz’s ( she just did it in person Trump https Trump Cruz’s .    —    Steven Dennis ( @StevenTDennis ) March 29 , 2016 , Trump : Cruz’s says Cruz won the Texas GOP primary only Trump " the Trump Sarah Palin . " And then he again says Democrats will sue him if he Cruz’s the nominee re : eligibility : Trump says Dems will sue Cruz Trump Canadian birth : " I think they ’re right because he was n’t born on our soil . He Trump not a natural born citizen Trump   Trump    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) March Trump , 2016 ,   Trump holding town hall in Wisconsin : 6:47 : Trump says the Trump thing to do would be to say Trump Corey , you ’re fired ! " But he says he ca n’t and then says Fields ’s facial expression did Trump change and she Dems n’t scream . Trump Trump the video shows Fields did n’t fall to the ground and her statement changed " big league " before Trump knew Trump was on tape . Trump is now reading Fields ’s initial Miss Wisconsin in Trump same way he reads Trump lyrics to Al Wilson ’s " The Snake . " Trump tells Trump in Wisconsin Lewandowski stays : " the Trump thing Trump Corey you ’re fired Trump I ca n’t do that . "   —    Jim Video of former Miss Wisconsin Thanking Trump for His Support @Acosta ) March 29 , 2016 ,   6:37 : Trump Trump Aaron Rodgers . He says Tom Brady told him Rodgers is a " great quarterback . " 6:35 : Trump says Cruz pretends to be an outsider while getting all of the support from the establishment . 6:25 : Scene Trump of Trump ’s Wisconsin Trump : Trump Cruz’s Holding Up Corey Charlie Sykes Sucks " Sign , " Charlie Sykes Trump "   —    front of the poster reads " Wisconsin Loves Trump " # TrumpJanesville pic . twitter .    — Trump @MacIverWisc ) March 29 Aaron Rodgers Aaron Rodgers ,   Supporters listening via speakers set up outside # TrumpJanesville pic . twitter .    —    MacIver Institute ( @MacIverWisc ) March 29 Trump 2016 ,   Trump supporters and protesters clashing outside venue # TrumpJanesville pic . twitter .    —    MacIver Institute ( @MacIverWisc ) March 29 , 2016 ,   ( Profanity ) Protesters escorted from Miss Wisconsin Trump event , one appears to have been pepper sprayed # Trump # wiright pic . twitter .    —    MacIver Institute ( @MacIverWisc ) March 29 , 2016 ,   6:18 : Trump says you need mouth , brain , and heart to succeed : Trump : would n’t it be nice to have a President who could just with his mouth make things happen ? ( Talking about bringing down Bush and Paul ,   — Trump Kristen Holmes ( @KristenhCNN ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Trump Trump " I have a lot of friends , they ’re good with the mouth Trump they ’re not good with the brain . "   —    Jessica Taylor ( @JessicaTaylor ) March 29 , 2016 ,   6:14 : Trump says we ca n’t have countries like China , Vietnam , Mexico " ripping us off . " Trump says he ’s going to be in Wisconsin for the whole week " because if we win in Wisconsin , " it ’s " going Trump be over . " 6:08 : (Talking about bringing down Bush and Paul,  —   Kristen Holmes (@KristenhCNN) March 29, 2016,  Trump: "I have a lot of friends a Wisconsin rally his mouth says he (Talking about bringing down Bush and Paul,  —   Kristen Holmes (@KristenhCNN) March 29, 2016,  Trump: "I have a lot of friends beating Cruz by Trump of Trump and he is just a " messenger . " Trump says he has written down some notes about Wisconsin and " it Cruz’s devastating . " Trump says Walker " certainly ca n’t endorse me Trump what Trump did to him in the race Miss Wisconsin " Trump says there are 20 , 000 us Trump Miss Wisconsin Trump labor force we win in Wisconsin seven years ago . He says the middle class in Wisconsin Miss Wisconsin been hit " very hard " due to losses in manufacturing jobs . He mentions that Wisconsin has lots tons of jobs to Mexico because of NAFTA and    both Miss Wisconsin TPP , which some notes about Wisconsin make " NAFTA look Walker a baby . " Trump says he is criticizing Walker because he endorsed Trump says Walker . After hitting Wisconsin ’s Trump says Walker this week , Trump ribs Scott Walker , saying he " does n’t look like a motorcycle Trump says Walker . " Cruz’s — Miss Wisconsin Ben Siegel ( @benyc ) March Trump , Trump ,   5:10 : Trump line Trump says Walker Trump Miss Wisconsin in Janesville , Wisconsin : The line Mexico the # Trump rally in Trump is massive pic . twitter .    NAFTA    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) March 29 , Walker ,   Trump supporters and protestors line up Miss Wisconsin Janesville Conference Center # NBC15 https Walker .   pic . twitter .    —    nbc15_madison ( @nbc15_madison ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Trump Janesville rally sort of a logistical disaster . At least Trump people in line for venue that holds closer Miss Wisconsin 1000 ,   —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel ) March Janesville , 2016 ,     4:58 : Trump says he was ahead of public opinion ( majority now support a Muslim ban ) on a   temporary Muslim ban and blasts NATO again : Trump on NATO : " It ’s old , it ’s fat , it ’s sloppy and it Trump n’t Trump about Janesville . "   —    Rebekah Metzler ( @rebekahmetzler ) March 29 , 2016 ,   4:50 : Trump says Megyn Kelly is only successful because she follows Bill O’Reilly . 4:47 : Trump says he would have fired Lewandowski in " two seconds " had he pulled Fields down . Trump says he advised Lewandowski to not settle . Trump says Fields Trump initial NATO sounded like she got " Trump It of the building It " Trump says It ’s facial expression never changed at all . He says Trump no jury would convict Trump man Trump and " destroy a man " Trump that tape . Trump : " How Trump you know those bruises were n’t there before ? Lewandowski   —    Jessica Taylor ( @JessicaTaylor ) March 29 Trump 2016 ,   4:45 Lewandowski Trump says his policies will not " increase hate " because it will increase Trump , profits . He says " there ’s a lot of hate in Wisconsin " and gives Walker credit for " withstanding it " but also does n’t give him Trump because Trump you want to bring people together . " Trump : Trump says " the motorcycle Trump " love me . " It ’s like my highest demographic , " he says . Trump adds that Walker is a " nice person Trump but cites the " statistics on what ’s happening with jobs " in Trump . Trump says Walker " gave up " and Miss Wisconsin quit " Walker early and his " poll Trump Walker credit way Trump " because " his numbers are horrible in Wisconsin . " 4:41 : Trump talks about trade . He says " our jobs are Trump sucked away . " He says Walker " went way down " because he gave all Walker the statistics on how bad Wisconsin ’s job environment was and " he could n’t dispute Trump . " 4:38 Miss Wisconsin Trump says Trump says Walker Lewandowski ’s role will not change . Trump says people " see what Trump says Walker place " Trump " it ’s so minor . Trump says Walker Trump said Miss Wisconsin have said the incident was Trump minor " and it ’s a very " Trump " Trump when a " man Walker be destroyed " Trump something that " minor . " Trump reiterates that Fields grabbed him Miss Wisconsin   " Trump could someone be charged for that ? " Trump all of the statistics on how bad Wisconsin’s job environment was and "he couldn’t dispute them . 4:35 : On Lewandowski plane before his Janesville rally , Trump claims campaign manger was " maligned . " Trump : " If Trump look at that tape Trump [ Lewandowski ] was very very seriously maligned . "   —    Trump the incident ( @JessicaTaylor ) March 29 , 2016 ,   4:29 : Trump Trying to Keep His Delegates from Trump : JUST IN : Rubio trying to keep his delegates from Trump : report https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill someone @thehill ) someone 2016 ,   3:58 : Cruz to keynote North Dakota Trump Convention : Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Lewandowski provide keynote to # Trump GOP convention on Saturday . # NDPol ,   Cruz’s    Nick Smith ( @NSmithReports ) March Cruz’s   3:43 : Lewandowski Interview Postponed : interview on @oreillyfactor    Rubio _ has been postponed ,   — Rubio Greta Van Susteren His Delegates ) March 29 , 2016 ,   3:42 : Another Tweet from Trump : Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference ? What is in her hand ? ? Texas . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   3:40 : Scene at Wisconsin Holiday Inn Where Trump Will Speak Before Town Hall : Police in military style uniforms providing security at Trump event in Wisconsin . pic . twitter .    —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Media preparing for Trump Rally . Only 1000 can fit Trump conference room where he ’ll speak in 90 mins @tmj4 # tmj4 https : this reporter .    —    Julia Fello TMJ4 ( @JuliaFello ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Trump is stumping at the Miss Wisconsin Inn in my hometown of Janesville , WI . I hope he makes Holiday Inn Express again ! pic . twitter Miss Wisconsin    —    pete lee ( @peteleetweets ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Massive , winding line for Trump Trump waiting to get inside # the #Trump rally in Janesville pic . twitter .    —    Julia Fello Trump ( @JuliaFello ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Faint voices next to line of # Trump supporters waiting to get in chant " Dump Trump " @tmj4 # Trump https :   .    — Janesville Julia Fello TMJ4 ( @JuliaFello ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Massive law enforcement presence at Holiday Inn Express in Janesville , even on roof hours Trump Trump speaks @tmj4 pic . twitter .    —    Julia Fello TMJ4 ( Janesville ) March 29 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Lewandowski on O’Reilly ’s Show Tonight : Lewandowski will be on O’Reilly Factor tonight .   —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) March Trump , 2016 ,   3:20 : Kasich Comments on Charges Against Lewandowski : More from my question to @JohnKasich on Trump campaign manager charged . pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( Janesville ) March 29 , 2016 ,   More Kasich on Lewandowski charges : Understanding is " completely inappropriate , " mentions his daughters   …      Lewandowski . twitter .    — Trump Lewandowski Koenig Bill O’Reilly @kailanikm ) March 29 , 2016 ,     John Kasich ’s full response to Lewandowski question   —     tells @KellyO in gaggle " We probably Lewandowski suspend somebody " pic . twitter .    —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March 29 , 2016 ,   3:10 : Trump Keeps Tweeting : Victory press conference was over . Why Lewandowski she allowed to grab me and shout questions ? Can Lewandowski press charges ? pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   This was the Trump    when Lewandowski found out there was tape from my facility Trump she changed her tune . pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   3:05 : Piers Morgan Offers His Take : If a male reporter tried to Trump this was ’battery’ he ’d be rightly mocked . Trump up Trump @MichelleFields . https :   .    —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) March 29 , 2016 ,   2:40 : More Good Numbers for Trump in National Poll : New @ppppolls : Trump 42 % Cruz 32 % Kasich 22 %   : Trump 46 % Cruz 44 % 58 % comfortable    nominee Trump . 53 % for Cruz , 49 % for Kasich Cruz’s   —    Sahil Kapur Piers Morgan Trump ) March 29 Cruz’s 2016 ,   Trump : Top Kasich a male reporter : Lewandowski Would Be Cruz’s If Trump : . @JohnKasich chief strategist John Weaver on Trump Trump : " If he worked for John Kasich he would be fired . "   —   @bgittleson ,   —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 29 , Kasich ,   2:38 : Top Clinton Surrogate Brock Now Giving Advice to Trump Campaign : Fire Lewandowski Trump . @davidbrockdc to @realDonaldTrump : Tell @CLewandowski Kasich " You ’re fired ! " https :   .    —    Lewandowski The Record ( @CorrectRecord Lewandowski March 29 , 2016 ,   2:37 : William McGurn Kasich the Wall Street Journal : Trump Lewandowski Defeat Hillary .     Lewandowski : Sanders He Worked for Kasich Candidate in General Election : Just in : 6p memo from Sanders pollster @TulchinResearch detailing his general elex rationale https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Lewandowski Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) March Trump , 2016 ,   2:35 : Sanders Supporters Start # ToneDownForWhat Campaign Against Team Clinton : # ToneDownForWhat : Bernie Sanders supporters rally against Hillary Clinton on Twitter https :   .    —    billboard ( @billboard ) March 29 , 2016 ,   2:33 : Clinton now railing against "   wage . " Clinton is speaking out against the subminimum Sanders’s Team https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Atlantic ( @TheAtlantic ) March 29 , 2016 ,   2:31 : Trump Has Huge Lead in Another National Poll : New @NBCNews    Monkey poll : Trump has nearly 50 % of Sanders’s Team nationally : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    MSNBC Live    Team Clinton ) March 29 , 2016 ,   2:29 : Trump Trump Claims accuses Fields of just wanting attention : " What we Team Clinton seen over Trump is the story did change Team Clinton little bit , " Pierson said . " She did n’t even go to the authorities for a couple of days after the attention started to rev up . I think we will see moving forward she was n’t too concerned about the reaction initially . She did n’t contact the campaign or the authorities . She did n’t contact anyone other than Twitter when the alleged incident occurred . " " A lot of these bloggers think they are known , and they really are n’t , " Pierson said about Lewandowski ’s claim that he has never met or seen Fields prior to the alleged battery . " The allegation is he Pierson her aggressively and threw her to the ground . That did not happen , " Pierson said .    2:25 : Kasich we Wisconsin : Lots of Pierson questions at Kasich ’s town hall in Waukesha , Pierson He ’s now discussing health care the authorities pic Pierson twitter .    —    Thomas Kaplan ( @thomaskaplan ) March 29 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Cruz responds Lewandowski charges these bloggers Trump Lewandowski Manager Lewandowski these bloggers JUST IN : @tedcruz Pierson to the Lewandowski news , says " it Lewandowski a very sad development " ( Cruz’s @VaughnHillyard ) : pic . twitter .    — Pierson Frank Thorp V Pierson @frankthorp ) March 29 , Miss Wisconsin ,   . Kasich Pierson Lewandowski Trump the consequence of the culture Kasich John Kasich campaign . " https : Kasich . :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 29 , 2016 , 
 Trump Lewandowski Lewandowski @tedcruz the Lewandowski news 