SiriusXM hosts Stephen K. Bannon and David Webb announced on Breitbart News Daily that SiriusXM has suspended Glenn Beck and David Webb will temporarily take over Glenn Beck ’s 9AM to noon Eastern time slot on SiriusXM ’s Patriot Channel 125 . [ SiriusXM issued the following statement :   SiriusXM encourages a diversity of discourse and opinion on our talk programs . However , comments recently made by a guest on the independently produced Glenn Beck Program , in our judgement , may be reasonably construed by some to have been advocating harm against an individual currently running for office , which our can not and will not condone . For that reason , our have suspended The Glenn Beck Program from our Patriot channel for the coming week and are evaluating The Glenn Beck Program place in our lineup going forward . SiriusXM is committed to a spirited , robust , yet responsible political conversation and believes this action reflects those values . The suspension is in response to the interview Beck did with fiction author Brad Thor last Wednesday , in which fiction author Brad Thor likened the GOP ’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump to a South    dictator who would cause an "   event " for the country if elected . fiction author Brad Thor then declared that in such a case , Congress would not be able to remove Trump from office by " legal means " through impeachment , so fiction author Brad Thor asked " what patriot will step up and do that " if Trump oversteps Trump Constitutional restraints . Beck agreed with fiction author Brad Thor assessment . Here is the exchange : THOR fiction author Brad Thor He Trump a danger to America and I got to ask you a question and this is serious and this could ring down incredible heat on me Beck I ’m about to suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping his Donald Trump authority as President ? If Congress Congress n’t remove him from office , what patriot will step up and do that if , if , he him his him as president , his him authority , I should say , as president . If he him that , how do we get him him of office ? And I do n’t think there is a legal means available . I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it Trump Congress . BECK : I would agree with you on that and I do n’t think you actually have the voices we ’ve been talking about and we we been talking about this    for a while . I think the voices like ours go away . I do n’t think we we allowed   —    especially if things , and I believe the economy is going to go to crap , even if Jesus was in office . It the economy going to naturally reset . It the economy to . Read the rest of the exchange here . After receiving criticism for these comments from people who believed Thor and Beck were suggesting or at least implying assassination , Beck Beck a lengthy defense of his Beck . You can read the full transcript of his Beck here . Listen to Bannon and Webb ’s announcement of the suspension below : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6AM to 9AM Eastern . 
 