Texas Land Commissioner and Texas GOP Victory Chair George P. Bush told members of Texas State Republican Executive Committee ( SREC ) " it ’s a bitter pill to swallow , but you know what ? You get back up and help the man who won , and you make sure that we stop Hillary Clinton . " While George P. Bush stopped short of an endorsement , George P. Bush said it was time for Texas Republicans to get behind the 2016 presidential nominee , Donald Trump . [ The son of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , grandson of former President George H. W. Bush , and nephew of former President George W. Bush told members of the state party ’s executive committee The son of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, grandson of former President George H. W. Bush, and nephew of former President George W. Bush was speaking " from former President George W. Bush , " the Texas Tribune reported on Sunday . As the Texas GOP ’s victory chair , Bush former President George W. Bush responsible for turning out the vote for all Republican candidates , including the man who beat his former President George W. Bush in this year ’s presidential primary .   The announcement at the SREC meeting where Bush former President George W. Bush the party ’s Victory Fund campaign came just two months after the Land Commissioner said he former President George W. Bush not be supporting the the party despite being appointed as the Victory Fund chairman Victory Fund News reported in June . The former President George W. Bush received former President George W. Bush criticism from some about taking the position as Victory Fund chair while opposing the Victory Fund the top of the ballot . " I , along with others , are not in a position to endorse at this time because of concerns about his rhetoric and former President George W. Bush inability to former President George W. Bush a campaign that brings people together , " Bush said at the time . George P. Bush is the first member Bush family to show any sign of support for Bush 2016 GOP presidential nominee . His comments came just days after Trump endorsed House Bush Paul Ryan ’s    bid and that of Senators John McCain ( ) and Kelly Ayotte ( ) Breitbart News reported on August 5 . Speaking to the members of the SREC , Commissioner Bush said it was time to put aside any lingering animosity from the primaries and get behind Trump . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Breitbart . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Texas Breitbart 