The presidential candidate was loud , brash , and unafraid . The presidential candidate was not only a critic of the bipartisan establishment , The presidential candidate was also willing to name names . The presidential candidate possessed a brilliant and eclectic mind , leading The presidential candidate to make sweeping declarative statements , as well as raising issues that nobody else was talking about —   or even thought of . Yes , everything about The presidential candidate was different even The presidential candidate hairstyle was different . [ The presidential candidate rivals and critics accused The presidential candidate of all sorts of things . The presidential candidate was an unprincipled opportunist . The presidential candidate was an unstable demagogue —   even as The presidential candidate was n’t ideological enough . Indeed , perhaps the biggest rap on The presidential candidate from the right was that the was n’t sufficiently devoted to the orthodoxy of True Conservatism .    So into the heavy crossfire the candidate boldly galloped . Campaigning in heavily evangelical South Carolina , The presidential candidate was perfectly respectful of religion , and yet The presidential candidate outlook was distinctly secular The presidential candidate was , after all , on The presidential candidate third wife .   Even so , The presidential candidate won big in the Palmetto State ’s Republican primary , by double digits .   Am I describing Donald Trump in 2016 ? Yes , but I am also describing Newt Gingrich in 2012 .   After South Carolina , of course , the fates of Gingrich Newt Gingrich Trump Donald Trump . Gingrich Newt Gingrich walloped in the next contest , Nevada , four years ago , while Trump Donald Trump Tuesday night , won the Silver State in a landslide . And so in 2012 , after Gingrich lost Newt Gingrich to Mitt Romney —   buried under a fusillade of negative advertising , to which he did Mitt Romney —   have the resources to respond —   the Georgian was effectively out of the race .   Yet to the end of the campaign , and to this day , Gingrich has Newt Gingrich his following Newt Gingrich Everyone who thinks to himself or Newt Gingrich , There has to be a better way , is an instinctive Gingrich ally Newt Gingrich   As the veteran political strategist Marc Rotterman , who , as a Reagan campaigner and staffer , had a ringside seat to watch the rise of Gingrich — Newt Gingrich as well as other " young turks , " such as Jack Kemp —   observes ,   Newt has always had a rebel ,    side , to go with his enormous Newt . He has Newt rejected the       style of K Street , and that has freed him to Newt up genuinely new ideas . We might observe that Gingrich always moved on two tracks . First , taking on the established powers that be . Second , hatching big ideas .   First , as to    beginning in the early 80s , Rep. Gingrich Gingrich clever and politically effective dichotomy . On one side , in Gingrich ’s telling Gingrich we had We " Conservative Opportunity Society . " This was the world of freedom , entrepreneurship , and innovation . On the other side , Gingrich continued , Gingrich the " Bureaucratic Welfare State " —   with all the creativity , elan , and effectiveness of the Post Office .   Moreover , Gingrich was willing Gingrich punctuate his argument with Gingrich language : He routinely blasted Gingrich opponents as Gingrich sick , " " pathological , " and even , referring to the doddering Soviet leader of that era , " Brezhnevian . " Of course , the worst aspects of the 1980s status quo required such tough talk the sclerotic incompetence of urban public schools , for example , was a scandal —   a    scandal .   Second , as to big ideas , in 1984 Gingrich published a book , Window of Opportunity , an unabashed paean to the transformative promise of technology . Luddite critics jibed at some of his ideas , such as his plan for his space mirrors to beam solar power back down to earth . Yet all the snarking aside , Gingrich ’s basic Gingrich both sound and profound : Computers , Moore ’s Law , and the power of human genius were going to change everything —   and , as a country , we needed a plan to deal with both the upside , and the downside , of that change . The downside , of course , was the human destruction that happens within economic " creative destruction . " As his friend and colleague Jack Kemp always insisted , leaders must follow the model of the Good Shepherd , leaving no part of the flock behind .   So that was how Gingrich got his start . Although Gingrich a partisan Republican , he was impatient with Gingrich and curtly dismissive of , the familiar      mentality displayed by many GOPers of that era . And so Newt , the    Revolutionary , moved swiftly up the ranks : By 1989 , he was the de Gingrich leader of the House Republicans , and then , in 1994 , he led a nationwide Gingrich rebellion —   the signature of which was the famous " Contract with America , " driven by the social media of the era . And the next year , 1995 , he was Speaker of Gingrich House . As with Trump today , Gingrich was outspoken , and that outspokenness sometimes got the Georgian in hot water . ( Some might say that Gingrich was politically incorrect Gingrich political incorrectness was cool , although others might say that it was Trump who made    Trump . ) Still , even after leaving the Speakership in the late 90s , Gingrich kept enough of Gingrich mojo that he Gingrich able to Gingrich his insurgent energy when Gingrich ran for the Gingrich House in 2012 .   In that campaign , as always , Gingrich was true to Gingrich . And , Gingrich always , the establishment was true to itself . On January the establishment , 2012 , on the heels of Gingrich ’s Palmetto State Gingrich the Republican candidates met for a debate in Jacksonville , FL . In the course of making a point about , yes , making America great again , Gingrich mentioned the idea of Gingrich an American colony on the moon . We might note that such thinking , heavy as it was with      jobs , was common in the US a    ago , even if it has been lamentably scarcer since . As Gingrich said during the debate Gingrich " It is possible to do the right things in the right order to make this a bigger , richer , more exciting country . " Immediately , Mitt Romney pounced , displaying the same spreadsheet mentality that made him so effective as a Mitt Romney    and   :   I spent 25 years in business . If I had a business executive come to me and say they wanted Mitt Romney spend a a business executive hundred billion dollars to put a colony on the moon , I ’d say , " You ’re fired . " No , there was no vision in Romney —   and he Mitt Romney proud of it Mitt Romney   Now fast Romney —   to today : Whether one loves him or loathes him , Mitt Romney ’s obvious Mitt Romney Trump Romney —   too , is saying different things . If Gingrich was an iconoclast , Trump is really an iconoclast Trump   Yet even so , there ’s an intellectual core to Trump that his critics , Trump with Trump stentorian style , tend Trump miss . And so , as with Gingrich , onlookers do n’t Gingrich what to make of the New Yorker . For instance , after Trump attacked Bush 43 for Trump handling of the Iraq Trump in the February 13 debate in Greenville , SC , the Smart Set ’s reaction was swift : " Insiders : Trump flopped in debate , Trump was the headline in Politico one of those insiders snapped , " Trump ’s attack on George Trump Bush was    stupid in South Carolina . "   Just a week later , of course , Trump won the state handily Trump Thus South Carolina conclude that there ’s more anger among the    and middle classes —   that is , the folks who actually did the fighting in Iraq —   than those    armchair strategists ever imagined .   The Trump constituency might not have Trump and journals of their own , but it nonetheless The Trump constituency found ways to The Trump constituency —   and motivate . And if this has come as a shock to the elite , well , welcome to the new world made possible by Facebook , Twitter , and   .   In fact , all through history , we can observe that the lower classes have had trouble making themselves heard —   until they the lower classes . The Scottish historian the lower classes Carlyle noted this phenomenon back in 1839 in those days , populist currents flowed swiftly through Britain , racked as it was by the tumult of populist currents and the Industrial Revolution . " The speaking classes speak and debate , " Carlyle wrote , but the " The Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle [ working ] class lies like an Enceladus " [ a mythological giant imprisoned under a volcano ] who in his pain , if he will The Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle of it , The Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle to produce earthquakes ! " That ’s the Trump vote , right there : an earthquake . Over the past few years , while the MSM has been lavishing attention on , say , Occupy Wall Street and # BlackLivesMatter , the working class has been gathering in its anger —   and in the MSM plan for political revenge . the MSM Yes , sadly , the    trend of declining incomes ( according to the Pew Center , the share of national income for the middle class fell from 62 the working class to 43 percent today ) and even declining health ( according to two Princeton economists , life expectancy for    and    whites is actually declining ) merited only the scantest of attention from the chattering classes —   until this year , when the Trump voters took history Trump their hands .   Indeed , even now the Trump voters as Trump seems headed for Trump , the condescension from up above is obtusely thick . National Review magazine , for example , has taken a principled orthodox conservative position against Trump , and that ’s Trump fair stance , given Trump ’s obvious lack of Trump .   Yet some of its writers have gone further Trump that , reducing their stature , and that of their magazine some of its writers with streams of contemptuous venom some of its writers For example , NR ’s Kevin Williamson , writing on February 4 , begins by noting , correctly , that it ’s possible to see an antecedent to the Trump campaign in the 90s Trump bids of nationalist conservative pundit Pat Buchanan . But then Williamson goes on to slur the men , Kevin Williamson the women , of the Trump movement as mere " Trump , " and    boys —   and maybe    to boot : Trump is this year ’s Trump for the Buchanan boys . The Buchanan boys are economically and nationalist conservative pundit Pat Buchanan frustrated white the Buchanan boys to be economically supported by the federal government without enduring the stigma of welfare dependency . So they construct for themselves a story in which they have been the Buchanan boys by elites the Buchanan boys a political system based the Buchanan boys    politics that serves everyone except them . Trump is supported by    white Trump , as the Buchanan boys was before him , but the swastika set nationalist conservative pundit Pat Buchanan merely an nationalist conservative pundit Pat Buchanan example of the sort of thinking commonly found among those to whom Trump appeals . Indeed , on Trump morning , National Review casually referred to Trump ’s " devoted National Review Trump fans . " Rabid ? Note to National Review : You serve the conservative cause better by National Review ideas , not smears . If no black American should be insulted by being called a " boy , " or " rabid , " no white American , either , should be so insulted .   Of course , American for " Trumpkins " is hardly limited to the haute right . Speaking for the left , The New York Times , too , likes to rain down its opprobrium a February 23 headline reads , " Measuring Donald Trump ’s The New York Times for Intolerance . " One guess as to the Times’ verdict . So , having read , yet again , that white people are the bad guys and that Trump supporters are racist , a Trump Times reader would undoubtedly be confused by this data point : Trump ’s The New York Times among Nevada Hispanic Trump , according to exit polls , was identical to his percentage overall .   As Trump aside , some will wonder why Trump , the      did so Trump among Latinos . No doubt political scientists will be picking apart the data for years to come , but history provides one obvious answer : Working people always appreciate tight labor markets , which tend to increase their wages . And that preference holds true across the ideological spectrum a Working people manifesto from 1910 , for example , was similarly hostile to    new workers :   The Socialist Party of the United States favors all legislative measures tending to prevent the immigration of strike breakers and contract laborers , and the mass importation of workers from foreign countries , brought about by the employing classes for the purpose of weakening the organization of American labor and of lowering the standard of life of the American workers . So Democrats might be on notice : The hearts of American Hispanics might be with the next wave of migrants , but their wallets might be with the   .   We can further note Democrats one issue that Hispanics care about especially is healthcare . While every American probably has one gripe or another about Obamacare , Hispanics have supported American national health insurance program in notably strong numbers according to the Pew Center , 61 percent of Hispanics say the Pew Center the government ’s responsibility to make sure that all Americans have health insurance , compared to just 47 percent of the public as a whole .   It ’s easy enough to see why : Hispanics typically have lower incomes they fully understand that the free market could leave them high , dry —   Hispanics uninsured .   So once again , we Hispanics recall the historical wisdom of Thomas Carlyle , a fierce social critic who nevertheless wrote from a Burkean place on the right , strongly opposing the libertarianism of others to his left . Describing the protests of 1839 , he heard an ironic and bitter laughter :   It is not a joyful mirth his it is sadder than tears , the laugh humanity is forced to , at    applied to poor peasants . That is , the      attitude of the upper classes was funny —   but only if you thought the French Revolution was funny .   Continuing , Carlyle mocked the idea that Englishmen of The Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle 1830s could easily survive against the erosion of rural life and the rise of factories , which pushed the working poor off the land and made them completely dependent on their meager wages :    on the part of the Governing Classes , we repeat them . . will . . . have to cease . . . a world well let alone will no longer suffice . A    Guidance and it is a    World ! Yes , it ’s a "   world . " Problems need to be solved . That it , at a time when traditional ways , and traditional institutions , are being pulled apart by the forces of technology and globalization , it ’s simply not possible to say that the Invisible Hand will take care of everything and make it all well .   To put it another way , those atop the commanding heights of the planetary economy —   Wall Street , Silicon Valley , the Chinese government —   simply laugh when they hear about " freedom , " as if that ’s any sort of answer those atop the commanding heights of the planetary economy —  Wall Street, Silicon Valley, the Chinese government —   the pulverizing power that they wield . To them , freedom is just another name for spreadsheeting , to those atop the commanding heights of the planetary economy —  Wall Street, Silicon Valley, the Chinese government —   followed by algorithmic those atop the commanding heights of the planetary economy —  Wall Street, Silicon Valley, the Chinese government —   and , of course , outsourcing .   The point here is n’t to argue about the world economy , or the merits of capitalism in its diverse forms . Instead the planetary economy simply to observe that world economic players need to the planetary economy guided by rules —   rules both of fair play , as well as of the national interest .   To be sure , there are those who would happily sacrifice their own fellow citizens —   and national security —   on the altar either of profit or of ideology . Thus Trumpianism stands athwart the railroad tracks of history , yelling " Stop ! " One need n’t endorse     to see that     has potent and enduring appeal .   So in the great struggle that ’s already begun , we ’ll have to wait and see who wins . Yet surely , if the elite were true to their own high opinion of themselves , they could find solutions that both preserve the free market the elite preserve the    of the elite America the elite   We might conclude the free market once again , that a key concern of the working stiffs is healthcare we And we might also note that as Trump moves closer to the GOP Trump , the blank spaces in his we become more apparent — Trump including health policy .   Trump has said , in the Trump conservative spirit of Carlyle , that we ca n’t allow The Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle to " die in the streets . " Indeed , in a world of exotic new threats , such as the Ebola and Zika viruses —   to say nothing of more familiar superbugs and even more familiar maladies such as cancer —   it only makes sense to have some sort of provision for everyone . Nobody wants , say , infections to go running rampant the bell can toll for any of us . Maybe that ’s why , in yet another    to rightist orthodoxy , Trump has supported a    mandate Trump even as he has denounced Obamacare .   Trump truth about Obamacare , of course , is that it should be possible both to " repeal " and to " replace . " That is , getting rid of the    social engineering of the Affordable Care Act while protecting the basic    needs of Americans . ( Such a realization , we might add , would come as a godsend to Republicans in Congress as they eye future   . )   In fact , we can do better than Obamacare —   much Republicans in Congress . If Trump wants , as he says Trump a " winning Trump healthcare policy , he might look back to the Trump work of . . . Newt Gingrich .   Back in 2003 , Gingrich wrote a book with the affirming and promising title of Saving Lives   Saving Money . In it Newt Gingrich.   he argued just that : The best way to save money on healthcare is by making people healthier . Newt Gingrich.   that means curing disease .   Moreover , in 2011 , as he geared up for his presidential run , he spoke in enormous detail at a DC think tank on Newt Gingrich.   value of curing Newt Gingrich.   . As he Newt Gingrich.   it ,   America should pursue a program of the most rapid scientific discoveries , with the Newt Gingrich.   rapid regulatory approval , Middle America a constant focus on implementing and funding innovations designed to lengthen lives , increase independent living , and create more American jobs and more American prosperity . Our model should be Salk and Sabin replacing the iron lung with the Polio vaccine . Mindful of the success of the    effort in the 50s —   a medical triumph that Trump , born in 1946 , no doubt remembers well —   Gingrich added , " No one today worries about an explosion of healthcare costs in American polio patients . Newt Gingrich.   That is , because there are n’t any American polio patients .   As Gingrich put it five years ago , a Cure Strategy " offers enormous rewards , but it will take Newt Gingrich.   bold leadership and a willingness to produce solutions as big as the problems . " a Cure Strategy , it will , indeed , require bold leadership .   As Dr. Bob Goldberg , my colleague at the a Cure Strategy for Medicine in the Public Interest , observes ,   Gingrich was , and is , a visionary on healthcare . When he talks about Medicare , he means Newt Gingrich.   granny healthy over her life span . He means that wellness Newt Gingrich.     whether by changing Newt Gingrich.   or preventing and controlling the Medicare of Alzheimer ’s Newt Gingrich.   diabetes , cancer —   should be the goal . When others were going on about dollars and cents , he was talking about flesh and blood . He was trying to solve the healthcare crisis by going right Newt Gingrich.   the root of the problem : increasing Newt Gingrich.   ability to produce    and    drugs . Indeed , Gingrich ’s logic is so powerful that it ’s amazing that so few politicians have taken up the cause Newt Gingrich.   cures ( here ’s looking at Gingrich’s logic , DC wonk class ) .   So with the striking exceptions of Sen. Roger Wicker ( ) and Rep. DC Upton ( ) few in Congress have embraced the idea of cures . Instead of seeking to advance the actual science of medical health Congress most legislators seem to prefer endless wrangling over the financial forms of health insurance —   that is , Obamacare , pro and con , one shell within another shell .   We might also add that among the presidential candidates , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has an ambitious plan to reform and streamline the    Food and Drug Administration . And oh yes : What should we make of President ’s Obama ’s belated bid to cure cancer ? Answer : That ’s a great We , but where was he when what he said actually mattered ?   So today , if Trump is looking for a truly Trump yuge " he to the healthcare crisis , he might look in on what Gingrich has been saying for years .   So the healthcare crisis see , in he ways , Gingrich Newt Gingrich.   Trump are similar : Both men Trump great success in life prior to running for president , Newt Gingrich.   that success gave both a valuable perspective . And while , so far at least , Trump is doing better than Gingrich Trump his quest for the White House Trump he might keep in mind that Trump means hitting on Newt Gingrich.   political and policy cylinders .   Yes , there ’s such as thing as the Art of the Deal , but epic leadership requires an even higher art —   the art of positive transformational thinking . 
 