CNN ’s editors selectively edited a video report about    pundit Van Jones ordering pundit Van Jones GOP female colleague Kayleigh McEnany to " back off . " [ The edit by CNN led viewers to believe that McEnany had incorrectly accused   pundit Van Jones of talking about interning Muslims .   In fact , the full video shows that   pundit Van Jones did make a false claim about newly elected President Donald J. Trump wanting to " intern " Muslims .   The skew in favor of   pundit Van Jones come as   pundit Van Jones uses   pundit Van Jones CNN perch to promote national protests against the Nov. 8 election result , for example , by describing the results as a white racist " whitelash . " The selectively edited video came from CNN in both an article and a Tweet . " You need to back off " : Van Jones , Trump supporter clash https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) November 10 , 2016 , CNN ’s article    the exchange this way : CNN ’s Van Jones exchanged hot words with Kayleigh McEnany on Wednesday night as the Trump supporter argued Van Jones ought to repudiate fears among protesters that a Trump administration would create camps for illegal immigrants . " You should correct that fear , " said Kayleigh McEnany . " Trump has never proposed internment camps . You have to correct that that fear " " You need to back off , " Jones Van Jones back . " You need to have a little bit of empathy and understanding for people who are afraid because your candidate has been one of the most explosively provocative candidates in the history of our country . " " There is a price to be paid for that , " he Trump . As McEnany Kayleigh McEnany to interrupt Jones Van Jones CNN ’s Anderson Cooper jumped in , telling her to CNN’s Anderson Cooper let him finish CNN’s Anderson Cooper " " I am not finished , " said Jones Van Jones his voice CNN’s Anderson Cooper . " I am not going to be talked over tonight , I am not . " The CNN audience CNN the video in the tweet and article never hear Van Van Jones internment   —    because CNN ’s editors CNN’s Jones’ comments from a few seconds prior to clip . The full video shows Jones did Van Jones internment for Muslims , saying in the full video at The full video If you talk to the actual people at the base , here is what you hear . Terror . Terrified Latinos . Terrified Muslims . I had a Muslim mother asking me , ‘ Should I leave the country ? Are they going intern us ? " The full video —   not included in the tweet or article by CNN —   can be seen here : Jones has a long history of racial invective and incendiary comments prior to the November 2008 election of President Barack Obama . Before he briefly served as a " Jones energy czar " in the Obama administration , Jones helped found President Barack Obama organizations , Jones as Color of Change . He was also a leader in Jones communist revolutionary organization , Standing Together to Organize a Revolutionary Movement , or STORM , who openly discussed using " agitation and propaganda " techniques , according to a publication about the group called Reclaiming Revolution : ( CPWG ) formed in 1999 , was STORM ’s primary space for promoting revolutionary cultural work and popularizing the organization ’s line . This Work Group included a poet , a DJ , two MC’   and a graphic designer . Its main objective was " to This Work Group a match to the fuse of our generation ’s revolutionary imagination . " CPWG ’s program had four goals , . 1 )   to nurture new revolutionary art and artists , . 2 )   to produce street level agitation and propaganda , . 3 )   to bring cultural workers into political action and , . 4 )   to build networks among revolutionary cultural workers . In 2010 , Jones began his move to the establishment and Jones a " senior fellow " at John Podesta ’s Center for American Progress . He joined their " Green Opportunity Jones . " One of Joan ’s mentors is Eric Mann , the 1960s radical who is the grandfather of the Black Lives Matter movement . Van Jones also has connections to the Black Lives Matter movement founder Alicia Garza . She was was the executive director Van Jones a group called Power , which incorporated Jones’ Storm organization . In 2013 , revolutionary communist community organizers Patrisse Cullors , Alicia Garza and Opel Tometti would    the Black Lives Matter movement . the Black Lives Matter movement reignite the black liberation movement Alicia Garza and Opel Tometti In the wake of the the Black Lives Matter movement by WikiLeaks , one might hope that CNN started applying stricter standards to their    pundits if for no other reason to maintain the appearance of impartiality . However , even in the face of their colossal failure to understand the American electorate , CNN remain CNN . their CNN CNN 