The selection of South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador has clear and definite advantages . The first is that UN Ambassador has the skills necessary to advocate for U. S. interests in a hostile forum . [ South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley came up with the Tea Party movement , in the long political winter of   . UN Ambassador has moved to the center since then , but learned the hard way how to confront media critics and political opponents . Turtle Bay is a den of scavenging hyenas the job requires a lion   —    or in this case , a lioness .   Second , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is an excellent representative of what America has become   —    a tolerant , diverse society to which immigrants like South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley family have contributed more than their Haley’s family . Haley South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley internationally known for being the governor who took on the Confederate flag , which will draw interest and respect from foreign diplomats . And third , Haley South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley that Trump can reach out to his South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley   —    and reward his South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , like Lt . Gov. Henry McMaster , who will move into Haley South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley role . The major drawback of the Haley pick South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley that she has South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley significant international diplomatic experience and no expertise in foreign policy . She has South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley right positions   —    she is South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley for instance , which is refreshing , given Obama ’s last few picks   —    but the task of UN Ambassador is no ordinary diplomatic posting . The UN UN Ambassador know   —    or to learn   —    the ins and out of one of the world ’s most complicated institutions , where protocol is a virtual battlefield , and words are weapons . Haley is a political pick . She will need experienced Haley   —    and not career State Department bureaucrats   —    to fill the related slots , such as the deputy UN Ambassador UN the   Under Secretary for Civilian Security , Democracy , and Human Rights . As much contempt as    Donald Trump and Americans in general have for the UN UN is where wars are won and lost before shots are fired . Merely defending America ’s interests is not enough . Haley will need help to press them forward . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 