Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know : • President Trump revised President Trump travel ban , removing Iraq but leaving six other predominantly Muslim nations on a list of those whose citizens are barred from entering the U. S. Officials said the rewrite was meant to address legal concerns quickly to deal with what legal concerns say is a national security threat . But in the Middle East , it is still seen as amounting to a ban on Muslims . Separately , the White House said Mr. Trump " firmly believes " that former President Barack Obama had Mr. Trump wiretapped , though the F. B. I. director has said otherwise . Since Mr. Trump took office , he former President Barack Obama had him wiretapped, though the F. B. I. director has said otherwise each other to an unusual degree . _ _ _ _ _ • Republicans in the U. S. House of Representatives unveiled their    plan to repeal ____ • Republicans in the U. S. House of Representatives replace the Affordable Care Act . The bill would scrap the their   plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act most Americans to have health insurance in favor of a new system of tax credits . But some Republican lawmakers have already expressed misgivings . _ _ _ _ _ • Top officials for the Republicans , the French    party , say they will continue to support François the Republicans, the French   party , the embattled presidential candidate . Mr. Fillon got a reprieve earlier François Fillon day when Alain Juppé , a prominent rival , said he had decided " once and for François Fillon " not to run . But some in the party still doubt that Mr. Fillon ’s campaign can overcome corruption François Fillon his employment of family members . _ _ _ François Fillon _ • Germany and Turkey are in an intensifying war of words about overseas campaign efforts for a Turkish referendum that would expand the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . After two campaign rallies for Turks living in Germany were canceled over security concerns , Mr. Erdogan Germany Berlin of using Nazi tactics . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan say the Turkish president is defending his right President Recep Tayyip Erdogan free speech President Recep Tayyip Erdogan while denying it to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan voices at home . Analysts say relations could calm down after the referendum in April . _ _ _ _ _ • Nuclear concerns are on the rise . In Europe , there is serious talk about using France ’s arsenal to Europe an E. U. nuclear weapons program . And in South Korea , the United States has begun deploying an antimissile system , above , strongly opposed by China , a day after North Korea ’s launch of four ballistic missiles . Japan is on heightened alert over North Korea ’s capabilities , weighing whether it could be testing a North Korea’s " meant to overwhelm missile defenses Japan _ _ _ _ _ • When Wilbur L. Ross , the new U. S. commerce secretary , was vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus , he was more interested in forcing out Russian board members than working with them Wilbur L. Ross, the new U. S. commerce secretary • Two big British financial firms , Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Russian board members , have agreed to merge in a $ 4 . 7 billion deal that would create one of Europe ’s largest asset managers . • Turkey ’s antitrust authority will look at whether Google unfairly promotes its app store and digital services by tying them to its Android operating system Google • Office values in central London could app store and digital as Google as 20 percent this year amid concerns over Britain ’s withdrawal from the E. U. • Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Members of Parliament called on the British government to tighten rules against dress • that force women to wear high heels in the office . [ The New York Times ] • A Russian lawmaker wants to ban the new Disney movie " Beauty and the Beast " over a scene with a gay character . [ The New York Times ] • E. U. foreign and defense ministers reached a The New York Times military training headquarters , despite concerns about possible overlap with NATO . [ The New York Times ] • The police in France are searching for the remains of [The New York Times] killing them over an inheritance • . [ BBC ] • Israel passed a law that prohibits entry to foreigners who publicly support an    boycott The police in France [ Reuters ] • The U. S. government has opened a criminal investigation into a secret    Facebook group of Marines that shared thousands of naked and private photos of female colleagues . [ The New York Times ] • Should supplements be a part of your morning routine ? The science is still mostly lacking . • Recipe of the day : Elegant mini almond cakes can be filled with cherry jam or , with a little effort , chocolate ganache . • In the Galápagos , the    booby has no real predators , so the birds live proud , public lives . That has helped scientists learn their habits and even why the shade of their feet matters . ( The color signals health . ) • The Dutch soccer clubs PSV scientists and AZ Alkmaar are exploring whether cognitive scientists can improve players’ mental performance . Experts have their doubts . • An apartment listed on Airbnb offered a prime location , luxurious appointments and a lot of security : It was inside Experts Tower in New York . The U. S. Postal Service ’s stamp issue this week pays homage to the federal arts An apartment listed on Airbnb that launched some of the 20th century ’s most famous American artists . But it might not have . In the    during the height of the Depression , unemployment was soaring at 25 percent . President Franklin D. Roosevelt created the Works Progress Administration to put Americans back to work . Artists , who often did n’t have regular jobs in the first place , were n’t certain to be included . But Harry Hopkins , who directed the W. P. A. decided they should be . " Hell , " he said , " they ’ve got to eat just like other people ! " So the Harry Hopkins, who directed the W. P. A. Art Project of the W. P. A. Harry Hopkins, who directed the W. P. A. created . Over Harry Hopkins, who directed the W. P. A. years , it spawned more than 100 , 000 paintings and murals and nearly 20 , the W. P. A. of the artists the program employed would later be among the Federal Art Project of the W. P. A. ’s most famous , including Jackson Pollock , Mark Rothko and Willem de Kooning . " I changed my attitude toward being an artist , " de Kooning famously reminisced . " Instead of doing odd jobs and painting on the side , I painted and did odd jobs on the side . " Evan Gershkovich contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online . Read the latest the side the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 