Pollster Frank Luntz suffered a    meltdown when Pollster Frank Luntz former client Marco Rubio departed the Republican race after losing his former client Marco Rubio home state ’s primary to Donald Trump . [ Pollster Frank Luntz came after Breitbart News on Twitter with a series of insults , less than 24 hours after Rubio dropped out of the race for president . Donald Trump beat Rubio 45 . 7 percent to 27 percent in the     primary .   Breitbart News recently published a story that quoted The Tampa Bay Times confirming our reporting that Luntz has taken hundreds of thousands of dollars in payments to help shape Rubio Rubio 45 career . Instead of supporting their own reporters , @BreitbartNews threatens to sue them for their the truth . https :   .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Dear @BreitbartNews : @BreitbartNews are your colleagues quitting ?   Why all the threats of lawsuits ? Andrew would be ashamed of this .   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 16 , 2016 ,   A month ago , I told @BreitbartNews they @BreitbartNews " far up Trump ’s ass . " Bad words   …      But I was right . pic . twitter .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 16 , 2016 ,   Breitbart News ran a series of reports on Luntz ’s financial history with Rubio in the state Florida Luntz to Luntz this reporter an " asshole " and say that Breitbart News  Breitbart News so far up Trump ’s ass . " But now a major newspaper in Florida confirms Luntz ’s payments Luntz’s were substantial . The Tampa Bay Times reports in a feature on Rubio ’s political rise Rubio He is best known Rubio a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida ’s Future , filled with proposals Florida to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies . The concepts were drawn from lawmakers and people across the state who attended " idea raisers . " The book was dreamed up by Richard Corcoran a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies Rubio staffer who will become speaker next year , but Rubio was the face of the project and reaped Rubio attention . The book is copyrighted in his name . Rubio a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies state to promote the Rubio , making Rubio he the state on later a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies Senate race . He got Rubio and polling help from Frank Rubio , now a Rubio Fox News figure . Newt Gingrich hailed Rubio as a visionary . Bush wrote a glowing foreword . Allies Rubio enemies saw the book as expensive    draining party resources and staff time a book called 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida’s Future, filled with proposals from upgrades to state building codes to an increase in education tax credits for companies alone was paid more than $ 340 , 000 . The scandal Frank Luntz questions about Luntz ’s impartiality in conducting his Fox News    focus groups , especially in Frank Luntz a ridiculously    focus Frank Luntz that he conducted right before the Iowa caucus . National Journal picked up the story in Frank Luntz feature entitled " Luntz Plays Favorites With Marco Rubio . " Luntz admitted to his conflict of interest with Rubio in an interview in which he Frank Luntz dished out Frank Luntz insults to this reporter Marco Rubio At a Fox News debate Frank Luntz Detroit , Luntz spotted this reporter near the stairwell of the press room and became visibly flustered Frank Luntz angrily this reporter " Trump " and instructing his journalist friends to walk with him away from my earshot . When Luntz spoke Frank Luntz the University of Pennsylvania in Frank Luntz , a student leaked video to Frank Luntz Jones of Luntz trashing Rush Limbaugh and Mark Levin to defend Rubio on amnesty . Furious at Frank Luntz student for leaking the video , Luntz vowed to never again speak at the school a student , a University of Frank Luntz alum , also discontinued a scholarship at the school in his father ’s name . 
 