Sen. Rand Paul ( ) told Breitbart News Sen. Rand Paul will honor Sen. Rand Paul pledge to support the presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee , Donald Trump , in the general election against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton —   the likely Democratic nominee —   in November . [ Sen. Rand Paul , along with every other 2016 GOP presidential candidate , signed a pledge that they would back the likely Democratic nominee in the general election .   " I took a pledge when I ran for president to not run as an independent candidate and to support the Republican nominee , " Sen. Rand Paul said . " I stand by that a pledge and I think that anybody who signs their word to a document ought to take it seriously a document they sign their document . So I do n’t think there ’s any question that those who signed the document a document say , ‘ you know what ? I honor the pledge a pledge " Several others , like Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Dr. Ben Carson and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , have followed through on their pledges to support former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Dr. Ben Carson and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as the nominee . Others , like former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) have yet to do so . Now that Trump has won and Trump has lost , Trump has said he Jeb Bush not intend Jeb Bush back Trump over Clinton . Trump Bush even went so Jeb Bush as to state he would not vote Jeb Bush Trump over Clinton . Trump In Clinton , I will not vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Trump but I Clinton principled conservatives at the state and federal levels , just as I have done my entire life , " Bush said in a Facebook Jeb Bush when Trump became the presumptive GOP Trump . " For Republicans , there is no greater priority than ensuring we keep control of both chambers of Congress . I look forward to working hard for great conservatives in the Senate and House in the coming months . " That means Bush has broken his pledge Jeb Bush the Republican Jeb Bush , while others like Cruz have yet to fulfill it or break it . More from Paul ’s it exclusive interview with Breitbart News is forthcoming . 
 