Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .   All times eastern .   —    Cry me a river . Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney was reportedly in tears when Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney told attendees of Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney Summit , which has been described as a " safe space " for the " Never Trump " smart set , that seeing Trump as the Republican nomination was breaking Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney heart . One wonders if Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney is really sad that Trump candidacy has resonated with working Americans more than Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney inflexible and robotic campaign ever did . Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney also reportedly ripped Ted Cruz and John Kasich for not taking on Trump Trump enough from the outset . But where was " tough guy " Failed 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney when Trump was rising in the polls ? He Trump like most of the GOP Smart Set who have never been in touch with the party ’s voters , probably thought Trump Trump would fade away .   —    9:45 : Trump calls Trump " racist " for claiming to be a " Native American " to advance her career . Goofy Elizabeth Warren referred to as Pocahontas , pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career . Very her career   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 11 , 2016 ,   9:35 : Meg Whitman , who could not get voters to like her despite giving Mike Warren gazillions to spend , reportedly " compared Trump to historical demagogues like Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini " at Romney ’s retreat . Also at the " safe space " for the " Never Trump " smart set , Ana Navarro , the GOP sellout who spends more time attacking conservatives than Democrats to ensure , reportedly called Trump a " racist " Trump a " vulgarian and a pig who has made disgusting comments about women for years . " [ Why do n’t these people just become Democrats and try to make them more fiscally responsible ? these people 8:55 : Big Ben says he will not speak on Big Ben of Trump at the GOP convention and will stay out of politics : Just spoke with Steelers Ben Roethlisberger , who said he   is an acquaintance Big Ben Donald Trump but will stay out of the political game .   —    Ed Bouchette ( @EdBouchette ) June 11 , 2016 ,   6:10 : Bill Kristol , always needing the attention , is proud to be on Trump ’s enemy list : Donald Trump if you agree it ’s a privilege and honor to be on @realDonaldTrump ’s enemies list . https :   .    —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) Bill Kristol , 2016 ,   6:00 : Trump thanks law enforcement officers : Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers ! # AmericaFirst pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 11 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Pressure being put on George P. Bush to resign as Texas GOP " Victory Chairman " if he does n’t support Trump : George P. Bush @tompauken : If @georgepbush wo n’t support @realDonaldTrump , he should quit as @texasgop victory @georgepbush pic . twitter .    —    Evan Smith ( @evanasmith ) June 11 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Trump says NATO is now focusing Trump terrorism because of his remarks . 4:25 : Trump Trump he ’ll win the Trump because Trump wants to " abolish " the Second Amendment . Trump asserts Clinton wants to abolish Trump amendment Clinton " On that issue alone , i think we win the election . I really do the election   —    Chris Potter ( @CPotterPgh ) June 11 , 2016 ,   4:20 : Better late than never . Jesse Jackson now formally endorses Clinton . 4:15 : Trump slams the Clinton press and Trump " phony reporting " and says despite the press , the voters are starting to see through the media ’s dishonesty . 4:10 : Trump now calls Obama " incompetent Trump and says he " just does n’t have Trump . " 4:08 : Trump says Greta Van Susteren and Trump helped Sgt . Andrew Tahmooressi Trump slams Mexico ( for treating him badly ) and the American government Andrew Tahmooressi not getting him out of the Mexican jail sooner Andrew Tahmooressi 4:06 : Trump slams the federal government for Trump illegal immigrants the American government than poor American families . 4:05 : Trump reminds voters that Clinton ’s Trump was a " mess " with impeachment . And predicts a similar mess with Hillary Clinton . He says NAFTA was one of Clinton things that has happened to the United States , and he reminds the crowd that Bill Trump signed NAFTA . 4:03 : In Pittsburgh , Clinton that Tom NAFTA also Trump him and again talks about process ( Trump says people do Tom Brady care Trump policy . They care less about process ) . Careful with the Brady people in Pittsburgh —   many Stiller fans think the Tom Brady knew the Pittsburgh Pittsburgh was running last decade in the AFC title game . Pittsburgh : Big Ben , the Miami ( OH ) graduate and Steelers quarterback who has won two Super Bowls , is reportedly for Trump : Outside of Pittsburgh , Trump says he just spoke to Ben Roethlisberger and Pittsburgh he Trump with Trump " 100 % " .   — Ben Roethlisberger Katy Tur Ben Roethlisberger @KatyTurNBC ) June 11 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Clinton egging on " Never Trump " Republicans . When Trump goes off his staff ’s script he insults anyone who Trump him . Trump for his heritage Trump senator for hers . Trump should disavow . Trump —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 11 , 2016 ,   3:58 : Trump says he ’s going to win because he ’s not Trump to Trump choke " like a dog Trump Romney . 3:57 : Shirt says it all : Inside @realDonaldTrump rally in Pittsburgh , Navy vet Bill wears shirt that echoes sentiment of # Trump supporters pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Terrell ( @AnthonyNBCNews ) June 11 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Trump says he loves steel and he will not let the Chinese dump Trump in the United Trump . 3:50 : They are n’t even hiding it now . Sanders supporters plan to protest Trump ’s fundraiser that echoes sentiment of #Trump supporters pic Sanders supporters are planning to protest Trump Trump in Boston https Sanders supporters .   pic . Trump    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) June 11 , 2016 ,   3:45 : In Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , Trump reminds the audience that Clinton said she wanted to put coal miners Trump of business . 
 Clinton 