I ’m just old enough to remember when Republicans used to be for tax cuts . Oh sure , many of Republicans will make noises about lowering some taxes , but too often Republicans are caught up in the trap of    " revenue neutral tax reform " . This is especially true of Congressional leaders . [ We owe This to the American people and to We party to go big and be bold again . We owe This to the American people and to our party to stop the    Washington talk that never seems to shrink government or deficits .   I like to tell people , no one has ever knocked a door or made a phone call because people were excited about ‘ revenue neutral’ tax reform . By its very nature its means that some people will pay less , but some people will pay more and government will still be the same enormous beast it was before we started the process . That ’s not good enough ! One of the things I liked about Donald Trump ’s campaign was that Donald Trump’s ran on a big , bold tax plan , that cut taxes for every American , and it was NOT revenue neutral . government would get less money and every American American keep more . That ’s the kind of plan I ran on too , and it That the kind of plan we in Congress should quickly rally behind as we we in Congress our we in Congress session and the new Administration .   We we in Congress tried it That . In fact , the most successful Republican Presidents ( and a few Democrats ) led off their the most successful Republican Presidents (and a few Democrats) with tax cuts , to send money back and to try to get government to live with a little less .   President Reagan famously led with a massive tax cut that stimulated the economy for years , leading to    percent growth through most of his President Reagan . The administration and Congress failed to get spending under control , a lesson we need to remember .   But their The administration and Congress cut and    agenda led to a boom , and millions of new jobs . President Bush did a more modest but still significant tax cut in his President Bush year . Both growth and job creation jump started .   Now it ’s time to help President Elect Trump do the same . I met recently with his President Elect Trump for Treasury Secretary , and I ’m confident he President Elect Trump    President Elect Trump President Elect Trump need to cut taxes for everyone and to jump start growth again . The difference between    percent and    percent growth is enormous , including millions of good jobs . Let ’s not The difference between   percent and   percent growth is enormous, including millions of good jobs in to Washington and its stagnated Washington . Let ’s follow The difference between   percent and   percent growth is enormous, including millions of good jobs lead of Presidents Reagan and Bush and help President Trump begin his administration President Trump tax cuts for everyone , and less money in Washington . Washington 