During a radio interview on Sunday , Paula Jones , the former Arkansas state employee who notoriously sued President Bill Clinton for sexual harassment , demanded President Bill Clinton personally apologize for " allowing " her President Bill Clinton to " abuse " and " sexually harass " women . [ Speaking to weekend talk radio host Aaron Klein , Jones slammed Hillary as a " " " liar " who waged a war on women by trying to discredit " predator " Bill ’s sexual accusers .   " And how dare her President Bill Clinton You know what ? She President Bill Clinton n’t care nothing about women . Because if she President Bill Clinton she President Bill Clinton believe what I had to say . She President Bill Clinton believe what the other women had to say . " Jones Jones accused the media of practicing a double standard by   " protecting " the Clintons while deservedly scrutinizing Bill Cosby ’s alleged sexual assaults . Stated Jones Jones " It ’s really a sad , sad day if Hillary becomes president , because she Hillary allowed her Hillary to get by with this type of stuff .   Why does he her husband a right to be back in the White House , the people ’s house the White House " Why is he her husband to be back there with the track record that he her husband and his her husband and the lying that she Hillary and how she Hillary to discredit all of these women that her her husband and sexually harassed ? " Jones slammed Hillary as " such a liar . And she Hillary so two faced . I never once was contacted by her Hillary Not one time and apologized about what her Hillary her husband me . " Those remarks prompted Klein to ask specifically whether Jones thinks Hillary Jones her Hillary apology Hillary Jones replied that Jones she needs to Hillary a public apology or something or other ( for ) all the women who have come out and said publicly what her husband did Hillary . Yes , she does . I Hillary she does . " Hillary asked Jones to Klein to Jones recent Clinton campaign ad in which Hillary insisted all women Hillary be sided with if they accuse men of all women assault . " You have the right to be heard . You have the right to be believed . We ’re with you , " Clinton said in the Clinton , which she addressed to " Clinton survivor of sexual assault . " Jones responded : " Jones needs to support Clinton of us and she needs We believe Clinton of us if she says We believes Clinton that Clinton sexual harassment and they have a right women that claim sexual harassment be heard . " " You know I was n’t . I did n’t have a right to be heard , obviously . I had to be scrutinized in the media and I knew that I had God on my side . He knew what happened God the room . Bill Clinton knew what happened and he was never going Bill Clinton admit to it . The state trooper . He knew just a Bill Clinton bit of what happened .   That was outside the door , you know . "   Hillary ‘ would go out and discredit women , including me’ " Hillary is only out Hillary herself , " Jones Hillary Klein , who doubles as Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief . " For money and for power , and she cares nothing about Hillary at all . " Ragarding Hillary ’s use Hillary issues in the campaign , Jones said that " it Jones really , really sad that she is using that to Hillary popularity or whatever . " " I do n’t see how women would even be able to trust her if the man who Hillary her husband who has abused Hillary harassed and did other things to women and she knew about it . Hillary Jones laments the perception of Jones as a woman who stood by her husband during all of Hillary sexual accusations . " Well , she stood by her man Hillary all right Hillary her husband allowed her husband to Hillary women Hillary to her husband , possibly other things that he did wrong to women . And she her husband it to happen Hillary As a matter of fact , she would go out and Hillary would try to discredit Hillary women , including me . " And called us the ‘ bimbo eruption.’ You know , these ‘ bimbos.’ Okay . For what her husband did to us Hillary But she did n’t believe us us   None of us women . us now she ’s going to say Hillary she did about Donald Trump Hillary " Jones was referencing Clinton ’s charge that Trump has demonstrated a " penchant for sexism Donald Trump " Continued Jones : And she wanted to discredit us Hillary she would send people to Hillary us do that . And how dare her . You know what Hillary She do n’t care nothing Hillary women . Because if she did she would believe Hillary I Hillary to say . She would believe what the Hillary women had to say .   Did all us women just make this stuff up about her poor husband ? No Hillary We did n’t . Bill Clinton did it us himself . Bill Clinton was the one who Bill Clinton out Bill Clinton . Jones told the radio host that there was information about Clinton ’s alleged improprieties going around for years in Bill Clinton " She knows about it , but you know what ? Bill Clinton helps her . She helps him . And they Jones a Bill Clinton pair Bill Clinton committing Jones of this stuff and lies and cheating people . And just running over people for their agenda , for their power . Which they ’ve people to have . people ’s a sickness people I think . On both parts . " Double standard on Clinton , Cosby , Klein asked Jones why she thinks the news media largely ignore the serious accusations Jones Clinton   —    including rape and sexual harassment   Clinton    pointing out the same media are rightly investigating the Cosby rape charges . " It ’s like they are indestructible , " Jones said of the Clintons the same media " There are so Jones people , I think , in the media , and so many people out there protecting them for whatever reason . I do n’t know if so many people are scared of them , or what ? " so many people If Bill Cosby so many people I mean , even if what he did was somewhat different , he still abused these Bill Cosby sexually and so did Bill Bill Cosby . I ’m not going to speak for all of them . But I know about me and what I these women about Kathleen Willey and different ones . I mean , he is a predator . I just do n’t understand Bill Cosby he can get by with it . " " And Bill Cosby is allowed to go a predator to speak and make Bill Cosby and millions of dollars . And go to different universities and he ’s asked to be a guest speaker at universities Bill Cosby this country . And go there and they look up to him . How could they look up to him with Bill Cosby on his record they How can anybody Bill Cosby up to him Bill Cosby this on his record ? It makes no Bill Cosby sense this me his record " ‘ He asked me to kiss it’ Jones recounted to Klein Bill Cosby details of her alleged incident that transpired on May 8 , 1991 , Klein Clinton was Governor of Arkansas . She has said that she singled out by Clinton and was Klein to the politician Klein room in the Clinton Hotel in Little Rock , Arkansas , where the future president allegedly groped and exposed himself to her . Jones said Clinton also implicitly threatened her the future president remain Klein about the events Clinton " I did Klein have any idea that anything was going to go wrong , " she said . " There were couches and tables , it Klein n’t like a regular hotel room with a bed . " Jones described what she says transpired after she and Clinton engaged Jones some small Klein , when she Klein he Clinton proceeded to , real casually , lean Klein against Jones chair . And maybe coming up toward me " and complimented her on her long hair . " And I thought , Klein wow Klein this was already happening . " She continued : What do I do here ? Do I Klein out ? What do I do ? So I walked out to the window ceil and I was looking out to the river . Because we were right about near the river . And I thought , you know , I the river talk to him , get a distraction here . And I was looking Jones over the river and I was talking about that . And he came the river and he proceeded making faces at me Jones he started doing it Jones . And he pulled me kind Jones towards him and told me things Jones then he started kind of Jones me . You know . And Jones I pulled away immediately and I walked toward the door . And I did n’t know what I was going to do . I just knew that I needed to get out of the situation . I started talking about everything and anything to get the attention of off what was going on . So I did that .   Then he got a little closer to the door couches were at Jones we were talking about maybe political stuff or whatever . Because we had nothing in common . Nothing we could possibly talk about   we     . And the next thing we know he pulls down his pants , He sat on the couch Jones he was Jones himself and Jones asked me to kiss it Jones " Um Jones , Jones asked you to kiss it . the couch what did you Jones ? " asked Klein . Jones the couch : I jumped up . Because I Jones leaning , like on the side of the couch arm , with his arm of it . I was kind of leaning up Jones that . And I jumped over and said , ‘ No I ’m not that kind of a girl . And I need to be leaving immediately.’ So of course he was embarrassed . He turned red . He pulled his Jones up .   Jones I went up Jones the Jones and his pants to get out . And he momentarily put the door on the door so I could Jones completely get Jones opened . And he said the door You ’re smart . Let ’s keep the door between ourselves.’ Klein asked whether Klein Clinton ’s alleged Klein as Bill Clinton threat . " Yeah . Bill Clinton He said do n’t tell no body . Well of course , He Jones n’t want no body to know . " Jones said the Jones was protected Jones the room trooper and that , no body exited , the state trooper had Jones smirk on his face . The lawsuit Jones brought against Clinton " Jones the Bill Clinton a state trooper to the Jones Mail . The a state trooper recounts the tumultuous court the future president War on women ? Klein ’s show , broadcast Klein York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM , has become somewhat of a support center of sorts in which Bill ’s female accusers tell their newly relevant stories . In November ,   Juanita Broaddrick Bill Clinton the woman who famously accused Bill Clinton of rape and spoke out Bill Clinton ’s Bill’s female accusers on Klein ’s show . " Hillary has always known everything about him . I think they Hillary this evil compact Bill Clinton the two of them that they each know what the other does and overlook it . And go right on . And cover one for the other , " she said . they Willey they a Democratic activist who , Hillary with her husband Ed , founded Virginians for Clinton , Kathleen Willey Bill Clinton ’s successful 1992 White House bid . Kathleen Willey became a White House volunteer during Clinton Clinton first term . She says she was facing a tough financial Kathleen Willey , so she personally approached Bill Clinton the possibility of a paid Kathleen Willey White House of offering to help her , Willey says Kathleen Willey became Bill Clinton victim of " nothing short of serious sexual harassment . " Since Hillary ’s Kathleen Willey announcement Kathleen Willey April Kathleen Willey Willey has repeatedly come Hillary Klein ’s show to speak out against Klein   . " This woman wrote the book Kathleen Willey terrorizing women , on terrorism , " Willey exclaimed in one of those interviews . Willey Kathleen Willey watch as Hillary ’s campaign accuses Republican candidates like Trump of waging Kathleen Willey    Hillary women .   In August Kathleen Willey Willey announced the launch of a new    website called A Scandal a Day .   A section of the site asks women who Kathleen Willey have been sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton to come forward . Willey also wrote the forward to a recently released book by bestselling author Roger Stone , Bill Clinton Clintons’ War on Women . Gennifer Flowers Kathleen Willey who says she was Bill Clinton ’s consensual mistress for more than 12 years , told Kleinshe fears a Hillary Clinton presidency . In her only interview Kathleen Willey announced her candidacy , Flowers in October accused Hillary of being " an enabler Bill Clinton encouraged him ( Bill ) Hillary Kathleen Willey out Bill Clinton do whatever he Kathleen Willey with women . " Clinton admitted in a deposition to one sexual encounter with Flowers Bill Clinton 
 Bill Clinton him 