Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election . Donald Trump campaigns in the important swing state of Iowa as President Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia , hoping to gin up enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton candidacy among young and minority voters .   All times eastern .   —    10:20 : When asked about Donald Trump debate prep , Donald Trump says Donald Trump will treat Clinton Hillary Clinton " great respect " unless she Hillary Clinton Donald Trump in a " certain manner " and then " that will be the end of that . " 10:09 : Donald Trump says Clinton Hillary Clinton " deplorables " comment is " indefensible " and Donald Trump did a poor job apologizing for it Clinton’s "deplorables" comment Donald Trump says Clinton Hillary Clinton Donald Trump true feelings with those remarks . 10:06 : When pressed about Clinton Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump says Donald Trump does n’t " want to get involved in it " Clinton’s health hope Donald Trump recovers and gets back on the campaign trail . Hannity says Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton makes Jeb Bush seem like the " energizer bunny . " Donald Trump says the polls " have gone up amazingly " and adds , " I think we ’re going to be victorious . " Donald Trump says Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton speeches are important but her emails are Hillary Clinton important . " There ’s something going on there , " Donald Trump says of Clinton ’s deleted Hillary Clinton . 10:05 : Donald Trump tells Hannity that Ivanka Hannity been talking to Donald Trump about childcare issue long before Donald Trump decided to run for president . Donald Trump says government is penalizing moms right now , and Donald Trump says Donald Trump plan has " sort of everything in there " and families are going to see " something special " and be " tremendous beneficiaries . " 9:05 : Gary Johnson pushing to get into the debates : Gary Johnson campaign Gary Johnson this will run as a    ad in tomorrow ’s New York Times : pic . twitter .    —    Steve Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) September 14 , 2016 ,   8:40 : Clinton to Greensboro , NC on Thursday : New : Hillary Clinton will return Clinton trail with a trip to Greensboro , NC on Thursday Greensboro, NC announces NC . Thursday .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) September 14 , 2016 ,   8:25 : Trump not taking voters for granted , showing he has   plenty of " stamina . " By the numbers : Trump has campaigned more than Clinton since the conventions https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) September 13 , 2016 ,   8:17 : Trump says it ’s time to start Trump in America again and blasts Clinton again for her " deplorables " Clinton . Trump Trump " It ’s time to free ourselves from the baskets that politicians try to put us in . " https :   ourselves   https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 14 , 2016 ,   8:15 : Trump says he will outline his economic Trump on Trump that will Trump fully paid for . He promises it will be something " Trump " that the country has n’t seen in decades . 8:10 : Ivanka standing right behind her father during speech to improve " Ivanka " when clips of Trump ’s speech are played : . Trump : " We must reduce regulations that favor large , institutional care facilities . " pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) September 14 , 2016 ,   8:03 : Trump says there is no financial security Trump families with sick children . He says " these are the people Trump have to take care of . " Trump says his plan will bring relief Trump      Trump re : childcare deductions from state and federal taxes . Trump : " Families with a     parent will be able to fully deduct the average cost of child care from their taxes . " Some shout " Families with a    parent "   —    John Santucci ( @JTSantucci ) September 14 , 2016 ,   8:01 : Trump says he has traveled across America detailing plans Trump make life better for " you and your families . " Trump says we must pursue a future Trump every American is " honored and respected " and where Americans are put first . He blasts a Washington , D. C. Trump looks down on " everyday , hardworking America people . " Trump says too America those who have Trump have nothing but disdain for regular Americans . Trump says childcare policies must update laws Trump were made when most women were not even in the labor force . Trump : Those in leadership must put Trump in the shoes of the laid Those in leadership factory workers , moms struggling to afford childcare ,   —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) September 14 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Trump takes the stage in Pennsylvania to Trump about his childcare plan .   Trump says Trump has been deeply invested Trump these issues long before the campaign started . Rep. Blackburn ( ) thanks the crowd for the warm reception and wants to say a special thank you to Trump for focusing on women ’s issues Trump Trump invites up several female members of Trump who are here , including Rep Marcia Blackburn ,   —    Holly Bailey ( @hollybdc ) September 13 , 2016 ,   7:50 : Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally . She ’s telling the stories of women Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally has met on the campaign trail Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally She says childcare is the single greatest Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally for Americans and her dad is in a unique position Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally do something about it . Ivanka Trump says the federal policies re Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally were written more than 65 years ago to benefit a primarily make workforce . She says her father ’s plan will provide Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally and Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally to working families . She says affordable childcare should not be the Ivanka Trump now on stage in Pennsylvania rally of a " fortunate few . " Ivanka Trump WSJ   : " The Trump Plan Will Help Working Mothers"https : her father’s plan pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) September 13 , 2016 ,   7:38 : Trump held roundtable before his Pennsylanvia speech : Trump meeting now with roundtable of Trump parents joined by Trump daughter Ivanka and daughter in law Lara . pic Trump twitter .    —    John Santucci ( @JTSantucci ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Here ’s a fact sheet of Trump ’s childcare plan : PROPOSAL : The Trump plan Trump rewrite the tax code to allow ’s childcare plan: PROPOSAL deduct from their income taxes child care expenses for up to four children and working parents dependents.• The deduction is available for taxpayers who take the standard deduction as well as itemize deductions , and will be capped at the average cost of care for the state of residence . Individuals earning more than $ 250 , 000 ( or $ 500 , 000 if filing jointly ) will not be eligible for the deduction . For a family earning $ 70 , 000 per The deduction the 12 percent tax bracket with $ 7 , 000 in child care expenses , the deduction would reduce taxes by $ 840 per year.• The plan will The deduction care spending rebates to    taxpayers through the existing Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) . This could mean almost $ 1 , 200 per year per eligible family.• Mr. Trump ’s plan will ensure     parents will receive the same tax deduction The plan offering compensation for the job they ’re already doing , and allowing them to choose the child care scenario that ’s in parents best interest . PROPOSAL : The parents plan would create new Dependent Care Savings Accounts ( parents ) so that families can The plan money to foster their children ’s development and offset elder care for their parents or adult dependents . These new accounts are families to everyone , and allow both    contributions families    appreciation      current law new Dependent Care Savings Accounts (DCSAs) Spending Accounts ( FSAs ) which are available only if it is offered by an employer and does not allow balances to accumulate.• When established for a minor , funds from a DCSA can be applied to traditional child care ,    enrichment programs and school    to school choice . To help    parents , the government will match half of the first $ 1 , 000 deposited per year.• When established for    elderly dependent , a DCSA can cover a variety of services , including    nursing and    care . PROPOSAL : Mr. Trump ’s plan will provide regulatory reform to promote new    and    solutions , and also add incentives for employers to provide child care at the workplace . The ability to set aside funds will be particularly helpful to women ,    workers and minorities , who are statistically more likely to reduce time working outside the home in order to provide unpaid care . PROPOSAL : The Donald Trump plan will guarantee six weeks of paid maternity leave by ’s childcare plan: PROPOSAL unemployment insurance ( UI ) that companies are required to carry . The benefit would apply only when employers do n’t offer paid maternity leave , and would be paid for by offsetting reductions in the program so that taxes are not raised . This enhancement will triple the average paid leave received by new mothers . Frequently Asked Questions About The Trump Child Care PlanQ : How Will The Plan Be Paid For?• The child care plan is part of the comprehensive ’s childcare plan: PROPOSAL trade , energy and regulation reform plan proposed by Donald Trump at the Detroit Mr. Trump’s plan details about his Donald Trump plan will be discussed later this week at the New York Economic Club . The child care plan itself can more than be offset by additional Mr. Trump’s plan    of the entire Trump Donald Trump reform program will the Detroit Economic Club economic Mr. Trump’s plan reform , better trade deals , regulatory and immigration reform , and unleashing American energy . The remaining    will be offset by minor changes in the current trajectory of spending for federal agency operations , excluding Defense , Veterans , Social Security and Medicare . Q : Will The Benefits Already Provided For Child Care Expenses , Like The Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account And Child Tax Credit , Be Eliminated Under The Trump Plan?• No , the benefits provided by the Trump child care plan are in addition to Trump benefits available under current law . Current programs do not serve the large numbers of families that would benefit from the Trump plan , Mr. Trump’s plan Trump it benefits more from existing programs , they would still be available . The plan would be that the same child care spending can not be used for multiple benefits programs —   no   . Q : Will    Couples Receive The a family The benefits would be available in a family same way that the IRS currently recognizes    couples : if the marriage is recognized under state law , then it is recognized under federal law . Q : Will The Maternity Leave Policy Cause Employers To View Women As Less Desirable Employees Because Of Paid Leave?• No . The cost to an employer of hiring should not be affected by this    policy the marriage so the employer should not view hiring women as adding to their costs of Unemployment Insurance . Further , employers in a competitive marketplace should not eliminate existing maternity care benefits to instead take advantage of the UI system . The UI benefit would only equal what would be paid to a    employee , women is much less than a workers’ regular paycheck . This should prevent abuse while providing a safety net for the sake of the health of mother and child . Donald J. Trump ’s Plan Is More Complete Than Hillary Clinton ’s Plan , Point One : Hillary Clinton does not have a plan to provide relief to most Americans faced with high child care costs . She claims she wants to cap a family ’s child care expense at 10 percent of income , but provides no details . The Hillary Clinton’s would provide relief to every    and    earner Trump has child care ’s childcare plan: PROPOSAL example , the Trump plan Hillary Clinton’s reduce Hillary Clinton’s by $ 840 Trump year a family for earning $ 70 , ’s childcare plan: PROPOSAL in the 12 percent tax bracket with $ 7 , 000 in child care expenses Hillary Clinton ’s plan would provide no relief to this family . Point Two : Hillary Clinton prefers institutional child care that does not meet the needs of workers in rural areas or who have schedules that require working on a night shift or on call . The Trump Hillary Clinton’s states the flexibility to Trump standards that fit the needs of state residents without Hillary Clinton’s Three : Hillary Clinton would force businesses to pay for 12 weeks of    family leave at their expense . The Trump plan proposes 6 weeks of partial pay Trump the existing Unemployment Insurance system , fully paid for within the program ’s childcare plan: PROPOSAL : Many minority millennials who ca n’t stand Clinton and Trump seem very Hillary Clinton’s voting for Green Trump candidate Jill Stein : " Instead of a war on family , they got a war on drugs so the police can bother me the program   —    # TupacShakur ,   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton’s : Gary Johnson with former Indiana Governor , Bush ally , and Purdue President Mitch Daniels at an event : Presidential candidate Many minority millennials who can’t stand Clinton and Trump Johnson has an open discussion with Purdue president Mitch Daniels#GaryJohnson # Purdue pic . twitter .    —    The Purdue Review ( @PurdueReview ) September 13 , 2016 ,   6:35 : Former RNC Chair Marc Racicot says Gary Johnson should be included in the debates as Johnson announces he will be on the ballot in every state : Libertarian Gary Johnson ’s Purdue announces candidate will be on the ballot in all 50 states and Washington , D. C. pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 13 , Presidential candidate Gary Johnson   Johnson camp releases statement from former RNC Presidential candidate Gary Johnson ( Presidential candidate Gary Johnson Mt Gov ) Marc Racicot calling 4 Johnson to be let in debates pic . twitter .    —    Nick Riccardi ( @NickRiccardi ) September 13 , 2016 ,     6:25 : Clinton back on campaign trail on Thursday . Hillary Clinton will not campaign at all tomorrow Presidential candidate Gary Johnson @NickMerrill tells @jeffzeleny . First RNC event will be Thursday .   Former RNC Chair Marc Racicot AP now writes about Clinton ’s history of concealing health issues . 5:48 : Clinton surrogates Hillary Clinton’s " pneumonia talking points . " 5:45 Hillary Clinton’s York Times editor says he ’d go to jail to release Trump ’s tax returns . Newsweek reporter asks public for help about Trump ’s medical information . Mainstream media Thursday Trump , not curious about Clinton Hillary Clinton’s and dealings . They just edit Bill Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s about Clinton ’s " frequent " fainting spells . If u KNOW info on Trump ’s med condition or taxes , email junk email addres , kurteichenwald@gmail . New York Times editor . I must know who u are , but I wo nt tell .   —    Kurt Trump’s ) September 13 , 2016 ,     5:30 : Will Trump finally Hillary Clinton’s as a candidate and Trump Mainstream media, though, not curious about Clinton’s health and dealings the bait ? . @davidplouffe just told @chucktodd Trump is the heaviest presidential candidate since William Trump ,   — Trump’s Rafferty ( @AndrewNBCNews ) September 13 , 2016 ,   5:25 : DNC Chair Donna Brazile blames the Russians and claims that the release of more hacked DNC documents is an effort to help Trump : The DNC is the victim of Trump crime —   an illegal cyberattack by Russian    agents who seek to harm the Democratic Party and progressive groups in an effort to influence the presidential election . There ’s one person who stands to benefit from these criminal acts , and that ’s Donald Trump . Not only has Trump embraced Trump he publicly encouraged further Russian Trump to DNC his Trump . Like so many of the words Trump has uttered this election Green Party statements Trump cybercrime are dangerous , divisive , Trump unprecedented . 4:20 : In Florida , Trump gets 29 % of the Hispanic vote and Trump is seven points behind where Obama was with Hispanics in 2012 . According to the report , " Clinton is also underperforming compared to Obama in three other heavily Hispanic swing states polled Russian Arizona , Colorado and Nevada . " Nearly half of Florida ’s Hispanics think Clinton is a " liar . " The poll by    Bendixen   Amandi Hillary Clinton’s and The Tarrance Group shows Clinton drawing 53 percent among Florida Hispanics , compared to Trump ’s 29 Hillary Clinton’s . That ’s a significant Trump . But Obama hit 60 percent among Latinos in 2012 , according to exit polls . Obama defeated Mitt Romney in Florida by Hillary Clinton’s single percentage point . " She should not only be where Obama Florida   —    she should be Hillary Clinton’s those numbers , and she ’s not , " pollster Fernand Amandi told the Miami Herald .    Poll : Hillary Clinton has less support among Hispanics in 4 swing states than Obama in 2012 https :   . Obama pic . twitter .    —    Univision News ( @UnivisionNews ) September Obama , 2016 ,   Florida : Former Mexican President Fox taking out Mitt Romney in Florida frustration on a Trump piñata Obama    3:55 : Sen. Mitt Romney in Florida Kirk ( Trump slams Trump in Hillary Clinton’s Mitt Romney in Florida 3:33 : Trump gaining on Trump in Clinton campaign ’s internal polling       voting and lack of enthusiasm among progressives could actually hurt Clinton in Colorado Obama according to a Washington Post report . 3:11 : A Pew Research study finds " some of the sharpest movement toward the GOP has come among less educated and older whites . Whites with no college experience have become 14 points more Hillary Clinton’s to Hillary Clinton’s with the GOP since 2008 ,    a    shift over the last four years . Hillary Clinton’s voters age 65 and older    now 13 points more likely to identify as Republican or lean Republican Colorado they were eight years ago . " [ Older voters are a safer bet to turn out to vote than younger voters , especially with Obama not on the ballot . ] 3:00 :    group uses Reagan against Trump in new ad : 2:25 : Trump the GOP Trump on Wednesday : Donald Trump heading back to Michigan to visit Flint tomorrow Trump speak at 2:30 pm   tour city hit by water crisis . https :   .    —    White voters Warikoo ( @nwarikoo ) September 13 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Trump , in Iowa , vows to put the American worker Obama . He says it is " so easy to stop the globalists " and promises to fight for every neglected part of the nation and bring America together as " one American people . " 2:19 Flint Obama says America is not about " about yes he will , it ’s about yes we can . " [ Trump can easily prevent Democrats from making this point by using Trump we " more in his speeches . ] He also said Trump is " unfit Donald Trump heading back to Michigan to visit Flint tomorrow to be president Trump 2:15 : Trump , who was criticized for being too    especially regarding criticism from Fox America says that a president needs to brush off criticism . 2:12 : Obama points out that America would massively increase the Obama of Trump refugees , most of whom can not be properly vetted , who would be allowed . He vows to rebuild our " very depleted military " and take care of our vets while saving the Second Amendment , which is " under siege . " 2:09 : Obama is trying to defend Clinton ’s " transparency " and Hillary Clinton’s . That ’s a sell that even Obama may not be able to make to voters . 2:07 : Someone just fainted at Hillary Clinton’s rally . He tells crowd to drink water , " bend your knees . "   —    Brad Mielke ( @TheBradMielke ) September 13 , 2016 ,   2:06 : Interesting our from one Hillary Clinton’s mainstream media ’s " " state reporters . It was n’t Obama ago when these folks said there was no way that Trump could win the election . Mainstream media Obama ignore the Trump positive aspects about Trump ’s message about taking back our communities , Obama more jobs to    Someone of all backgrounds , putting the interests of Americans of all backgrounds first , and keeping the country safe from terrorism . " He ’s betting if he scares enough people , he might just scare up enough votes to win . "   —   POTUS on TrumpIndeed . Might work .   —    Jon Ralston ( @RalstonReports ) September 13 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Trump gaining on Clinton in Clinton campaign if you can imagine Ronald Reagan idolizing someone like Putin . 2:03 : Obama claims Trump is n’t a " policy guy . " That ’s Trump same criticism the Clinton campaign leveled against Obama during the 2008 election ( see the back He forth between supporters re He their health care plans in Oregon ) . 2:01 : Trump says Clinton lacks the " temperament , judgment and moral Trump to lead this country . " Trump points out that Secret Obama agents have said Clinton lacks Trump integrity Reagan in Putin . 1:59 : Obama claims Trump has spent 70 years of his life not caring about Trump people , his campaign : President Obama , Obama says " anybody can pop off " Hillary Clinton’s fire off a tweet . In other corner : Trump supporters ) pic . twitter .    —    Hallie Trump ) September 13 Hillary Clinton’s 2016 ,   1:58 : Trump says his supporters the country America patriots who love your country and Trump a Trump future while Clinton " slanders you as deplorable Obama " He says Clinton ’s comments displayed Obama same sense of " arrogance " Trump " entitlement " that led her to delete her emails and put classified information in the reach of our enemies , and lied to Congress . [ Pat Buchanan : Last Chance for the ‘ Deplorables . ’ ] 1:57 : Trump says Clinton is running a Hillary Clinton’s   campaign " with " only Trump and division Hillary Clinton’s Trump says he is running the country president of all Americans and " Trump be Trump Hillary Clinton’s champion " Hillary Clinton’s if you do n’t vote for him . 1:53 : Trump takes the stage in Iowa and says virtually Trump poll has him Trump . Trump promises that the White House will become the Hillary Clinton’s Trump ’s house Trump " He vows to fix our crumbling infrastructure and renegotiate our horrible trade deals Trump Trump says prosperity will rise , poverty will recede , and wages will Trump rapidly . Trump says this is a campaign about " big ideas designed to help Trump people . " 1:51 : Obama slams the " dark " vision of the GOP . It ’s funny that almost every mainstream Iowa reporter and pundit instantaneously painted Trump ’s convention speech as " dark " as if they had coordinated Trump as soon as Trump was done speaking at the GOP convention . He says this election is our the " very meaning of America . " Trump says he is " really into electing Hillary Clinton . " " Hillary " chants not as enthusiastic as reception for Obama . Obama Obama This election " is a fundamental choice about who the GOP as a people . This is a fundamental choice about the very meaning of America . "   —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) September 13 , 2016 almost every mainstream media reporter and pundit   1:50 : In Iowa , Rudy Giuliani is the GOP ’s Hillary Clinton’s while introducing Trump . " It is a source of tremendous Obama that America Department of Trump   …     . has perverted itself so much   …      that it was unable Obama bring Obama against her   …      when I know in my heart that case would have been brought against anyone else , " he says . " That ’s what you call America government . " He also slams the Clinton Foundation scandals . 1:45 : Obama says this campaign season Iowa been a crazier than usual . Crowd , as always , seems more enthusiastic about Obama than Clinton . Obama claims Republicans do n’t like to hear " good news " and claims incomes are the Department of Justice  …     and poverty is falling across America the Department of Justice  …     He also cites the low gas prices and says " thanks , Obama ! " 1:40 : a case against her   the stage in Philadelphia and mentions that Vice President Joe Biden told him to get on the " Wentz Wagon , " referring to he Wentz Obama the Hillary Clinton’s rookie quarterback who won his debut against Cleveland . He mentions he ’s a Bears fan and there Obama hope " in Obama . 1:36 : " She ’s great ! " Chelsea Clinton responding briefly to if @HillaryClinton is feeling better : " She ’s Obama ! She America great ! " pic . twitter .    Obama    Danny Freeman ( Obama ) September 13 , 2016 ,   1:33 : Dedicated Trump supporters : Supporter for Trump in front row for 15 Vice President Joe Biden rallies   —    here for number Trump today in Iowa pic . twitter .    —    John Hillary Clinton’s Vice President Joe Biden ) September 13 , Vice President Joe Biden , Vice President Joe Biden 1:25 : And it will be extremely tough for Clinton to match Philadelphia support Obama received among    voters : A huge problem for the Democratic Party : low voting rates among Latinos    She https :   She   pic . twitter .    —    David Leonhardt ( @DLeonhardt ) September 13 , 2016 ,   1:22 : Elitist Wall Street Journal editor also thinks Trump ’s supporters are deplorable , again showing how out of touch he is Trump Iowa Hillary Clinton’s . https :   .    —    Bret Stephens ( @StephensWSJ ) September 13 , 2016 ,   1:20 : Signs of an actual organization on Obama ground in a swing state ? At Trump rally in Clive , Iowa , more voter registration and absentee ballot request forms being handed out pic . twitter .    —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) September 13 , 2016 ,   1:17 : Bill Clinton to appear on Comedy Central ’s the Daily Show : Bill Clinton will appear on the Daily Show with Trevor Noah for the first time Elitist Wall Street Journal editor Thursday , via Comedy Central ,   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) September 13 , 2016 ,   1:16 : Mainstream media will try their best to help    explain her " deplorables " comment , but David Iowa is one person and not Hillary Clinton’s " of Trump ’s supporters . Intro speaker at Trump rally Hillary Clinton’s tells crowd : " Trump one good looking basket of deplorables Trump "   —    Sean Sullivan ( @WaPoSean ) September 13 , 2016 ,   . @timkaine on Pence not calling David Duke " deplorable " : If you ca n’t call out bigotry , " you ’re enabling it to grow " https :   .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Mainstream media : Hillary Clinton is scheduled to be at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala on Thursday . But her campaign is sending out signals that nothing is set in Iowa due to her recovery . 1:10 : The globalist Economist magazine : Iowans leaning towards Trump because of his nationalist message and    appeal . 1:02 : Chelsea dodges questions about Trump mom ’s Trump server , Woman David Duke for streamlined way to inform on policies . Chelsea Hillary Clinton’s Qs   discusses HRC support for minwage , equal pay , etc     —    Danny Hillary Clinton’s ( @DannyEFreeman ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Chelsea Clinton is asked Hillary Clinton’s HRC ’s emails   private servers his campaign woman in the NC crowd ( Thursday shirt )   …       pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) September 13 , 2016 , 
 Hillary Clinton’s Chelsea Chelsea HRC 