   Trump is once again raising former President Bill Clinton ’s marital infidelities , a preview of how the billionaire businessman is likely to respond to    attacks from Democratic    Hillary Clinton and   Hillary Clinton allies about the billionaire businessman treatment of women . [   Trump is receiving criticism , too , from within   Trump own party as some    Republicans say Republicans wo n’t vote for   Trump even though   Trump has all but secured the nomination . Asked about   Trump ability to unify the GOP ,   Trump is repeating   Trump view that   Trump does n’t think it has to be unified and that   Trump will gain Democratic votes to win in the fall .   " I think it would be better if it were unified , I think it would be   —    there would be something good about it , "   Trump said in an interview with ABC ’s " This Week " airing Sunday . " But I do n’t think it actually has to be unified in the traditional sense . " While speaking at a pair of rallies in Washington state on Saturday ,   Trump repeatedly assailed the woman   Trump ’s dubbed " Crooked Hillary " while hardly sparing former Republicans rivals Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham repulsed by   Trump chokehold on their party ’s presidential nomination . " the woman he’s dubbed "Crooked Hillary ’s married to a man who was the worst abuser of women in the history of politics , " Trump said of Clinton as Trump addressed supporters at the Spokane Convention Center just days after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee . Trump appeared to be responding to news that Priorities USA , the lead super PAC backing Clinton , has already reserved $ 91 million in television advertising that will start next month . Much of the negative advertising against Trump is expected to focus on belittling statements Trump ’s made about women in the past . But Trump declared Saturday , " Two can play that game . " " Hillary was an enabler and Hillary treated these women horribly . Just remember this , " Trump said . " And some of these women were destroyed , not by Trump , but by the way that Hillary treated them after some of these women went down , " Trump said . At a later rally , in Lynden , not far from the Canadian border , Trump repeated the former president ’s denial of a relationship with a White House intern that would later lead to his impeachment Trump " Do you remember the famous , ‘ I did not have sex with that woman ? ’ " Trump asked Trump " And then a couple of months later , ‘ I ’m guilty.’ And she ’s that woman negative ads on me ! " Deriding a culture of political correctness in which , he says , men are " petrified to speak to women anymore , " Trump also Trump himself as Trump great supporter of women and sought to downplay past comments he ’s Trump about women in venues like the Howard Stern radio show in the days before he was Trump politician . He said Trump were made in the name of entertainment , while others , like his criticism Trump actress and talk show host Rosie O’Donnell , were warranted . " Who the hell would n’t speak badly about Rosie O’Donnell Rosie She ’s Rosie O’Donnell , " he said Trump Trump also continued a line of attack he rolled Trump on Friday evening in Oregon and on Twitter aimed at Sen. Elizabeth Warren , the Massachusetts Democrat and favorite of the left whom some would like to see as Clinton ’s running mate . Trump repeatedly Trump Warren a " goofus " and suggested that she ’d Trump about her Native Trump background , an attack reminiscent of his insinuations Trump President Barack Obama was not born in the U. S. and demands that he produce President Barack Obama birth certificate . " She ’s Trump going around pretending that she ’s Trump minority , " said Trump , who alleged that Warren had made the claim " because she felt Trump her mother Trump high cheek bones . " " Let ’s see she felt that her mother had high cheek bones she does Trump they say we want they proof that you ’re a Native American , " he said she felt that her mother had high cheek bones Warren had Warren Trump earlier on Twitter , calling him " Trump bully who has a single play in his playbook Trump " Trump also Trump new lines of attack against Clinton , calling her " Clinton happy , " claiming her foreign Clinton decisions as secretary of state had cost the country millions of dollars and led to millions of deaths , and claiming that she wants Clinton " abolish the Second Amendment " and " take your guns away . " Clinton has Clinton that the U. S. needs to rein in the notion that " anybody can have a gun , anywhere , anytime . " 
 