In December 2010 , I was a guest at a cocktail party in Washington , D. C. for incoming Republican members of the House of Representatives . I had lost my own congressional race in Illinois , but had made enough friends among fellow GOP candidates that fellow GOP candidates graciously allowed me to join the festivities . [ Inside , there was excited talk about the new Tea Party class , about fixing Washington , about finding places to live in    D. C. And there was also talk about women   —    that kind of talk .   Some of the new members , many of whom had spent the day surrounded by young , attractive , ingratiating ,      female    staffers , wondered aloud how Some of the new members, many of whom had spent the day surrounded by young, attractive, ingratiating,     female   staffers were going to avoid the temptations of being surrounded every day by such creatures . The details do not matter : suffice it to say the language used was not that much better than the    lewd chat that Donald Trump had with Billy Bush on a live mic , eleven long years ago . Not every man talks that way about women . But plenty do   —    in the locker room , on the golf course , and on Capitol Hill . I was once taken aback when one congressman praised my wife ’s looks , in rather lurid terms . Some of the same Republicans are beating a disgraceful retreat from Donald Trump , acting as if Some of the same Republicans have never heard such language before . Lewd talk is bipartisan . Elections are about choices , and the choice on the Democratic side is not Pope Francis , but the Clintons . Bill not only had oral sex with an intern in the Oval Office , and lied about an intern in the Oval Office , but has faced repeated accusations of sexual assault . Hillary has done Hillary part by attacking Bill ’s accusers , calling Bill’s accusers " bimbo eruptions . " Perhaps the most glaring case of hypocrisy is that of former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger . In Bill bodybuilding days , former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was notorious for   —    and proud of   —    Bill many exploits with women . In Bill 1977 autobiography , Arnold : The Education of a Bodybuilder , former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger recalled how Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger had once treated women as " sex objects . " ( Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger said Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger views had changed . ) When Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger ran for governor , Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger faced questions about a 1977 interview in which Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger recalled rough sex with a woman at a California gym : " Everybody jumped on a woman at a California gym and took a woman at a California gym upstairs where we all got together , " Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger had said . As governor , Schwarzenegger not only cheated on Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, Schwarzenegger wife , Kennedy scion Maria Shriver , but impregnated the housekeeper . Yet on Saturday , The Terminator joined the chorus of critics bashing Trump , telling fellow Republicans that it was fellow Republicans " duty " to " choose your country over your party " when fellow Republicans voted . Sen. John McCain , whose own treatment of women was a topic of concern in the 2008 election   —    dating strippers , alleged affairs , rumors that he used the " " towards he wife   —    withdrew he support for Trump on Saturday . And 2012 nominee Mitt Romney , who was accused of leading a " war on women " and ridiculed for he statement about " binders full of women , " slammed the Republican nominee ( again ) for a statement made long before Romney eagerly sought Romney endorsement in 2012 . Other Republican leaders are demanding Trump drop out of the race . The Republican National Committee has withdrawn The Republican National Committee mailings for Trump . Chuck Todd of NBC News reported Saturday that right now , " it ’s every Republican for right now, "it’s every Republican for themselves . " right now, "it’s every Republican for themselves are worried that Trump ’s 2005 comments   —    made when Trump was a businessman , TV star , and private citizen   —    will be the next Todd Akin moment , when Republicans let Democrats saddle right now, "it’s every Republican for themselves with one odd comment about abortion in 2012 . Then as now , Republicans compounded the damage by treating a media controversy as a " crisis . " It is worth asking whether this panicked mob has the rudimentary courage required to stand up to the Islamic State , or Vladimir Putin , if this panicked mob can not bear the pressure of a manufactured " October surprise . " If this panicked mob are willing to lose the country   —    for that is what may be at stake   —    over a    joke , this panicked mob might deserve to lose . And if Trump wins regardless , look out : Trump will have done it on Trump own . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow Trump on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 