Saturday on CNN ’s " Smerconish , " former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin recounted a telephone conversation former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin claimed to have had with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in 1988 , who took issue with one of former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin stories .   According to former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump unleashed an angry tirade on former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin and former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin boss at the time , Craig Stock . " Michael , I was working in the Wall Street office of the Philadelphia Inquirer and I got a phone call , " former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin said . " former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin said , ‘ Hold for Mr. Trump,’ and then Mr. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to yell at me former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin " Lin former Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Jennifer Lin . " He told Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump I had shit for brains . He told Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump I worked for a shitty newspaper and said , ‘ What sort of shit was I writing?’ I was stunned . He hung Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . He call Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump boss in Philadelphia and treated my boss my boss in Philadelphia same sort of rant . But then he added Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump he referred Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump me as the    a word I will not use , Michael , because in my opinion it ’s the worst word in the English language to refer to a woman . But , he complained Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump my boss . my boss in Philadelphia Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the    and my boss said if my boss in Philadelphia any problem with the story we would run a correction . So , what was wrong with the story , Mr. Trump the story Trump said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump not read Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump story only read the headline . So the story said to call him back my boss in Philadelphia Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump any problems and he never called back Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Lin went on to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the timing of her going public with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump story and claims that her story about that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the story had been consistent Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the years . " Michael , when Donald Trump tells you Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for brains , that ’s not something you forget , " she added . " And Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had been telling this story for 28 years . I ’ve been telling it to the story and family . I ’ve been telling it to the story sisters . I ’ve been telling it to my daughter the story her friends and my nieces . I ’ve the story telling it a lot my sisters Yes , I have not forgotten that Donald Trump the story me I Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for brains and that he called me a    and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump have been repeating this story for 28 years . " According to Smerconish , the Trump campaign through a statement from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign adviser David Urban strongly denied Lin ’s account . " This accusation is categorically false . I find it incredibly coincidental that this person ’s crystal clear recollection of one sentence , one word , spoken nearly thirty years ago just happens to coincide with Mr. Trump ’s surge in Pennsylvania Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump nothing more than an avowed liberal reporter who is trying to exploit Mr. Trump ’s reputation as    for her Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 