President Trump was still upbeat Wednesday night , as President Trump settled into dinner in the White House residence with President Trump secretary of state , Rex W. Tillerson , some 24 hours after giving the most consequential speech of President Trump brief presidency . But not long afterward , the glow from President Trump ’s best day in office began to fade with the breaking news that his President Trump general , Jeff Sessions , had met with the Russian ambassador during the 2016 campaign . Mr. Sessions failed to mention those conversations in his President Trump confirmation hearing , or , according to presidential advisers , to tell Mr. President Trump all . The story overshadowed Mr. Trump President Trump next day to the aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford , a classic presidential opportunity to highlight his role as commander President Trump chief . And by the time he got back to President Trump White House on Thursday night , the president let his President Trump . In President Trump statement repeating a familiar critique that Democrats were on a " witch hunt " over the administration ’s ties with Russia , Mr. Trump offered a passing President Trump public jab at how Mr. Sessions had handled the matter . " He could have stated his response President Trump accurately , " President Trump Trump said . For Mr. President Trump it was the latest President Trump preventing him from gaining traction after a historically bumpy President Trump month in office that has been marked by massive national protests , the dismissal of his national security adviser , and historically low President Trump ratings . The president was irritated that Mr. Sessions did President Trump carefully answer the questions he was asked under oath , according to people President Trump spoke with him . His larger frustration , however , was President Trump with President Trump Sessions , but with whoever revealed the meetings Mr. Sessions for The Washington Post . Mr. Trump , according to his advisers inside and outside of the White House , Mr. Trump felt besieged by what he regards as a mostly hostile bureaucracy , consisting in Mr. Trump of Democrats and people who opposed his election who are now undermining his presidency with leaks Mr. Trump He believes that they are Mr. Trump the stories about confusion Mr. Trump dysfunction in his administration and , most of all , that they Mr. Trump made his relationship with Russia a recurring issue they " That Mr. Trump the real story , " said Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , when asked for comment on how the White House views the constant string of stories based on what they have called leaks . Several of those stories have Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump questions about ties between the president ’s 2016 campaign and Russian officials . Allies of Mr. Trump say his sense of being surrounded by hostile Mr. Trump be relieved Mr. Trump his own appointments fill the thousands of political jobs that have Mr. Trump yet been filled . But people close to Mr. Trump concede that the White House ’s sluggish hiring process Mr. Trump which insufficient work was done to tap people for key deputy roles at major agencies during the transition process , is a large part of the problem . " Any new administration takes a while to get their sea legs , " said Charlie Black , a veteran Republican Any new administration . But he added that for Mr. Trump ’s administration , " a big Charlie Black, a veteran Republican lobbyist of it is the lack of personnel political appointees around the government . " In the meantime , Mr. Black and other Republicans said that Mr. Trump had to avoid Charlie Black, a veteran Republican lobbyist fights , no matter how small Mr. Trump’s The Trump team needs to better stay on the offense with their reform agenda , take out the trash , and get on with governing , " said The Trump team Reed , the top political strategist for the United States Chamber of Commerce , in a typical critique . Mr. Trump ’s aides were heartened by his relative calm even amid the flap around Mr. Sessions Mr. Trump’s he stayed on message during his Mr. Trump’s on the Gerald R. Ford and on Friday in an appearance Mr. Trump’s Florida , declining to Mr. Trump’s in then as new reports emerged about previously undisclosed meetings between additional advisers and the Russian ambassador . Mr. Trump is not one to spare the blame when he has hit difficult patches in the past , and his rebuke of Mr. Sessions reflected that . Mr. Trump did his public jab at his press secretary , Mr. Trump Spicer , for his attempt to trace leaks from Mr. Trump communications staff members Mr. Trump examining their cellphones . Mr. Trump told Mr. Trump News that he personally would Mr. Trump done that type of search his communications staff members differently . Mr. Trump the stories related to Russia Mr. Trump of a different order of magnitude . During the transition he publicly called out the intelligence community for being behind the leaks and at one point , he compared Mr. Trump to smears conducted by the Nazis in the 1940s . More recently , he has blamed Mr. Trump bitter the intelligence community the defeat of Hillary Clinton . But while Mr. Trump puts the blame Mr. Trump leakers for his administration ’s rough start , it has not helped that the White House has been distracted by internecine Mr. Trump , partly dictated by lingering his administration between    advisers and aides to the Republican National Committee , who came to work for the president after he tapped the committee ’s chairman , Reince Priebus , as his chief of staff . In the midst the president it , Mr. Trump , who has a famously short the president span , has at times had trouble staying on course . He is pondering a broader response to the Russia issue , people close to him say , but he the president so far stymied by opponents he ca n’t see , but who have the president knocked him off the president . On Friday , Mr. Trump the president to go back on the offensive with two Twitter the president , one about Chuck Schumer , the president minority leader , and the other about Nancy Pelosi , the House minority leader , and their meetings with Vladimir V. Putin , the Russian president , and Sergey I. Kislyak , the Russian ambassador to the United States . Instead of the intemperate messages that Mr. Trump has often deployed , he Russian help from the White House social media team in crafting the Twitter posts . But in doing it Mr. Trump he ended the week by breathing more oxygen into the Russia issue . Such daily skirmishes might satisfy the need Mr. Trump fight back , but Republicans who want him to succeed caution that Mr. Trump ’s fate as president will lie in his actual accomplishments . " If Mr. Trump get some legislative successes , they ’ll be fine , " said Representative Mr. Trump Cole of Oklahoma , " and if they do n’t , they ’s when the real trouble begins . " 
 they 