UPDATE : Frank Luntz has denied that Frank Luntz will meet with Michael Bloomberg . The Wall Street Journal removed the following reference to Frank Luntz from their original report :   Michael Bloomberg is expected to meet with Frank Luntz , the pollster and market researcher , this week , according to a person familiar with the matter . * * * Gun control proponent Michael Bloomberg Michael Bloomberg meet with pollster Frank Luntz this week to this week possible White House run . The first CBS New    reports about a possible Bloomberg presidential run Michael Bloomberg swirling on January 23 . The initial reports were bolstered by a January 25 story in which anonymous sources close to Bloomberg claimed he Michael Bloomberg willing to spend $ 1 billion in an attempt to win the White House . On February 8 Bloomberg confirmed what Michael Bloomberg sources had been anonymous sources close to Bloomberg he told the Financial Times he is weighing " all he options " for a presidential run . Now The Wall Street Journal ( WSJ ) reports Bloomberg will meet Michael Bloomberg Luntz , ostensibly to see how numbers would stack up if he enters the race . he aides say Michael Bloomberg February 9 New Hampshire wins by Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders " boost " the chances that Bloomberg will throw Michael Bloomberg hat into Michael Bloomberg ring . Steven Schmidt —   senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   hints the time is right for Bloomberg . Schmidt Michael Bloomberg the candidate field Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   " weak " and that " there ’s a big opening in the middle of the electorate " that Bloomberg could step Michael Bloomberg . But WSJ points out that Bloomberg ’s brand Michael Bloomberg without its blemishes , and his reputation Bloomberg’s brand being " fiscally Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   " is sitting in the shadow of his outspoken support for myriad new Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   controls . After all ,    gun control groups were at the forefront of the 2014 push for universal background checks in Washington state and his best known gun control group      Everytown for Gun Safety —   is bankrolling efforts to place universal background checks on the backs of    Nevadans now . If Bloomberg does he enter the race , he Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   plans to run as Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   Independent . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com Steven Schmidt —  senior adviser to Sen. John McCain during the 2008 campaign —   
 