Saturday night ’s ABC Presidential debate marked the 8th consecutive Republican debate in which    favorite Marco Rubio was not directly asked about Marco Rubio support for the    Partnership agreement . [ The failure of the ABC moderators to press Marco Rubio on the issue is significant , as Marco Rubio is the only    candidate who refuses to tell voters how Marco Rubio will vote on the    Partnership .   Last year , Marco Rubio endorsed the deal on multiple occasions . In an April 29    in the Wall Street Journal , Marco Rubio wrote : " We must rebuild We own military capabilities , conclude and pass TPP , and renew We support for freedom and the rule of law in Asia . " In a May 13th address to the Council on Foreign Relations , Marco Rubio said it is   " more important than ever that Congress give the president trade promotion authority so that Marco Rubio can finalize the    Partnership and the    Trade and Investment Partnership . " In that address , Marco Rubio even went so far as to describe the globalist trade deal as the " second pillar " of a President Rubio ’s    foreign policy . Now , however , Marco Rubio has said that Marco Rubio will not reveal how Marco Rubio will ultimately vote on the deal , which Marco Rubio previously endorsed , until May 18th , or later . This means that Marco Rubio is now refusing to tell Republican voters whether Marco Rubio will vote for Obama ’s trade deal until at least two months after Super Tuesday —   i. e. after 44 states have already voted and Republican voters can no longer make Republican voters voices heard on the matter . In contrast to Marco Rubio ’s refusal to tell the American people how he will vote on the TPP , Ted Cruz ’s campaign has said that Ted Cruz’s will not vote for the deal " in the deal current form . " Ted Cruz’s had initially supported    TPP   —    and even    a Wall Street Journal    with Paul Ryan in support of President Obama ’s trade agenda . However , Ted Cruz’s later reversed his position , citing concerns about the bill ’s provisions regarding immigration law and the    bank . Donald Trump ’s aggressive opposition to the    Partnership and currency manipulation distinguishes Donald Trump from Donald Trump GOP rivals . In tonight ’s debate , Trump   —    unlike Rubio   —    expressed Donald Trump fierce opposition to the TPP , explaining that the deal " is going to be a disaster for this country . " 
 