Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was " honored " with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump second place finish in the Iowa caucuses and vowed that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will win the nomination and beat " whoever the hell " the Democrats nominate in a speech in Iowa on Monday night .   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " [ O]n June 16th , when we started this journey , there were 17 candidates . I was told by everybody , ‘ Do not go to Iowa . You could never finish even in the top ten.’ And I said , ‘ But I have friends in Iowa . I know a lot of people in Iowa . I think a lot of people in Iowa ’ll really like me . Let ’s give it a shot.’ a lot of people in Iowa said , ‘ Do n’t do it.’ I said , ‘ I have to do it.’ And , a lot of people in Iowa finished second , and I want to tell you something , I ’m just honored , I ’m really honored . " Trump then congratulated all the other candidates , mentioning Iowa ’s winner Texas Senator Ted Cruz and former Arkansas Mike Huckabee , who suspended Trump campaign , by name . After thanking Trump staff and family , Trump stated , " We have a poll , we ’re 28 points ahead , okay ? New Hampshire . we love New Hampshire . we love South Carolina . And we ’re leaving tonight , and tomorrow afternoon , we ’ll be in New New Hampshire and that ’ll be something special . It ’s going to be a great week , and we ’re going to be up here next week . And I think we ’re going to be proclaiming victory , I hope . " He added ,   " I do n’t know who ’s going to win between Bernie and Hillary . I do n’t know what ’s going to happen with Hillary , Hillary ’s Hillary other problems , maybe bigger than the problems she ’s Hillary , in terms of nominations , but we ’ve had so many different indications , and polls that we beat her , Hillary we beat her easily Hillary And we will go on to get the Republican nomination , and we will go on to easily beat Hillary , Hillary Bernie , or whoever the hell they throw up there . " Trump concluded , " Iowa , we love you . we thank you . You ’re special . we will be back many , many times . In fact , I think I might come here and buy a farm , I love it . a farm Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 