LAS VEGAS , Nevada   —    Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) held an    rally at the Silverton Casino ahead of Tuesday evening ’s Nevada caucus , where he sought to cast he as an outsider in an    field of unconventional candidates . [ " I was n’t supposed to be in this race , " Rubio told over 300 supporters in attendance at the 8 a. m. rally . " I was n’t even supposed to be in the Senate . The entire Republican establishment in Washington all endorsed my opponent . "   In an    speech , Rubio referred often to Rubio childhood upbringing in Las Vegas , saying that Rubio parents , who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid , represent the American Dream , even though his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid never became rich his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid . " Less than a decade after my parents came here under those conditions , his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid bought a home , " Rubio said . " his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid were never rich , his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid never owned a yacht , his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid never went to Europe , his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid never owned stock and bonds . But his parents, who immigrated from Cuba and worked as a bartender and a hotel maid retired with dignity and security . " Murmurs of " that ’s true " echoed through the crowd as he said that many Americans who had not lived overseas did not realize just how special many Americans who had not lived overseas country is . With a    diverse tableau of Nevadans behind him , Rubio emphasized that Rubio represents the future of the Republican Party . " the Republican Party will expand the Republican Party , we the Republican Party grow it the Republican Party and then we the Republican Party win , " Rubio pledged . Rubio also cast Rubio as the best candidate to beat the Democrats in November . " The the Democrats I will win . They spend the Democrats money attacking me than any other Republican because they know the Democrats will win . " Rubio spoke after barnstorming across Nevada for two days , hoping to convert    odds into an upset win . His campaign Rubio informed Breitbart News on Tuesday morning that he will Rubio be holding a victory party Tuesday evening as the results of the caucuses come in . Instead , he will Rubio heading east to continue his campaign Rubio Minnesota , where he has Rubio strong poll numbers lately . Rubio hit Rubio many of the familiar points of his campaign Rubio speech , including a promise to repeal and replace Obamacare , and a pledge to defend Americans’ Second Amendment rights . Supporters seemed impressed . One from nearby Henderson , who had brought her adopted son , told Breitbart News that she found her rally " fun . " Another , Lori Nelson , visiting Las Vegas from Montana , was less certain . " I ’m kind of undecided at this point , " she told her News Breitbart News that she is her debating between voting for Rubio or Donald Trump . Trump leads polls Donald Trump Nevada , while Rubio and Sen. Rubio Cruz ( ) are locked in a battle for second place . Adelle Nazarian and Joel Pollak contributed to his report . Joel Pollak 