Two Penn State students are raising money to pay for fines Two Penn State students were slapped with after destroying    signs at a rally that took place on campus . [ Two Penn State students are looking to raise twice the amount of their Two Penn State students so that the second half can be donated directly to Planned Parenthood .   The vandals were identified as Hanna DeMarte and Trystyn Murphy , who have both launched an online fundraising page so that supporters of their both can help them both off the fines they both from the university for their both . Both DeMarte Hanna DeMarte Murphy claimed that they Both DeMarte and Murphy both Both DeMarte and Murphy notice in the mail that we ’re being fined $ 362 each for criminal mischief , " and that " failure to respond to this charge in a timely manner will result in our we . " In a post that originally appeared on Penn State ’s    club ’s Facebook page , DeMarte admits that he DeMarte in the video that circulated online of protesters taking Trump posters from students and ripping them Trump posters . " Another student and I ripped up a couple of the Trump signs that bordered their Another student and I , " DeMarte DeMarte , complaining that " a video of this , originally posted by the Trump club ’s Facebook page , circulated on social media and was picked up by some    news networks . " Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik reported the two    to the police , claiming that the two protesters were solely responsible for the destruction of the posters : " We had the very successful Trump Wall event , which I attended and supplied the Trump signs for , " Loutsik Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik . " I unfortunately had a class that day where attendance is mandatory and close to 25 percent of my grade , so while I was in class the majority of my signs got ripped up by two of the   . " " Fortunately we got it on video , so I and some    went to the university police and reported it it " Loutsik Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik . " Then fast forward a couple of weeks , and I get my friend texting me telling me that the two people I reported got fined , and are asking people to donate money to Planned Parenthood in my name . " Loutsik Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik his Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik are confused as to why the    have sought to raise money for planned parenthood in response to their Loutsik and his peers for destroying the    posters . Loutsik Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik that because he Penn State student Dimitri A. Loutsik never expressed a public opinion , it is likely that the counterprotesters are seeking to repudiate the conservative students whose decision to report them led to the lofty $ 724 fine . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him Tom Ciccotta Twitter @tciccotta or email him Tom Ciccotta tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 