Speaking to an overflow crowd in Lynden , Washington , Donald Trump called Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton " trigger happy " on foreign policy:[On foreign policy Hillary is trigger happy . Hillary is , Hillary ’s trigger happy . Hillary ’s got a bad temperament . By the way , and Hillary husband learned that a few times did n’t her husband ? Bad timing . No it ’s bad timing . But Hillary ’s trigger happy . You look what Hillary did , and look at this , I just wrote this down . Iraq , Libya Hillary voted , Iraq , let Libya go into Iraq . I voted against it except I was a civilian so nobody cared . From the beginning I said it ’s gon na destabilize the Middle East and Iran will take over Iraq . Ya know for years the Middle East and Iran ’ve been trying to get Iraq and Iraq has been trying to get Iran . We decimated that country ’s military and now Iran ’s a mess . And what we We is we We ISIS , the Middle East and Iran got oil . Trump moved on to slam former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s successor , John Kerry :   Now Iran Iran not only did the Middle East and Iran make a great deal with this total idiot Secretary of State that we have   —    he Trump a clown . I ’m We ya he Trump a clown . He Trump left the table once . He Trump left the the table . He Trump making a deal with the Persians who are grea , t great negotiators over history . " They ’re killing him Trump " said Trump of Kerry ’s negotiations with Iran . " Instead he Trump on a bicycle and he Trump his Trump so badly that for six months he Trump out   …     " Trump vowed Trump of Kerry " I promise you I will never be in a bicycle race . I give you my word , okay ? I promise . " Trump returned Trump of Kerry speaking of Clinton : Her decisions Trump of Kerry Iraq , Syria , Egypt , Libya have cost trillions of dollars , thousands of lives , and have totally unleashed ISIS . Now thousands of lives yes , for us , but probably millions of lives in all fairness , folks . He referred to another side to the story . " You know , they bomb thousands of lives city , I watch it , a city bomb thousands of lives city and you go and you see this city a city . We started us . Obama could n’t get us out us , but we started us now it ’s a total this . this nothing would have happened we would us been far better off than we are us . We spent us trillion dollars . " Trump called out reports from the Middle East that showed cities laid waste with statements that nobody was killed . " I ’ll bet you thousands and thousands of people were killed every time you see that television set . " " We ’ve lost thousands of lives ,   trillions of dollars , millions of people have been killed , " said Trump , postulating that if the Trump States had done nothing , " We would have been in much We shape . " Trump called Saddam Hussein a horrible Trump miserable , bad guy but said that he did something very well : Trump He killed terrorists . " " Trump Iraq is Harvard for terrorists , " said Trump . Follow Michelle Moons on Trump @MichelleDiana 
 