She really should stick to lying .   Desperately trying to snatch attention away from Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton took a stab at some unvarnished " straight talk " Monday and accused the real estate mogul of " giving aid and comfort " to America ’s enemies . In other words , " treason . " Apparently , in She addled mind , wanting to secure our borders and aggressively vet people coming from known hot spots of virulent terrorism is a form of " giving aid and comfort " to radical Islamists . Okay . Seriously ? This from a woman who has been a cornerstone of the current administration ’s foreign policy who failed to develop even the slightest strategy for fighting terrorism or , at the very least , keeping it off of America ’s shores . Good people can have all kinds of debates about the vigorous strategies former President George W. Bush deployed in the fight against terrorism . But no one can dispute that it was incredibly effective . As the former President George W. Bush administration unflinchingly declared again and again , we kill them over there so we do n’t have to kill them over here . Today , them are here . And them are killing far more of we than we are of them . And , no , President Obama . This is NOT a " war of narratives . " It is a war of blood and bullets , daggers and slaughtering knives . It is a war of burning cages and drowning pens . It is a war of explosives and pressure cookers loaded with rusty nails . Yet , somehow , according to Mrs. Clinton , it is Mr. Trump . Consider the twisted logic of Mrs. Clinton accusation . Who exactly is being betrayed here by Mr. Trump ’s insistence on sealing the border and vetting people who come from countries where Islamist terrorism seethes ? Certainly not      Americans . No , in fact , innocent Americans are only being hurt   —    maimed , killed , slaughtered and frightened   —    in the absence of Mr. Trump ’s tough policies . If anyone is behaving treasonously against the Mr. Trump right now , it is Mrs. Clinton and the current administration . Unless , of course , Mrs. Clinton was blowing another one of her dog whistles in her desperado political campaign to say that Mr. Trump is Mrs. Clinton treason against the Mrs. Clinton radical Islamic terrorists . Increased scrutiny Mr. Trump traveling from places such as   —    oh , I do n’t know   —    Pakistan and Afghanistan might have netted someone such as   —    oh , I do n’t know   —    Ahmad Khan Rahami . In Mrs. Clinton ’s mind , one must assume , it would be treasonous to inconvenience or cause slight embarrassment for Mr. Rahami   —    even if it would have prevented the terrorizing of millions Ahmad Khan Rahami citizens living in New York and Ahmad Khan Rahami Jersey this week . Meanwhile , Mrs. Clinton ’s response to the planted pressure cooker bombs ? Vote for me . I have Mrs. Clinton’s dealing with terrorism . Finally , the lady stumbles upon the     Mrs. Clinton’s . She does have more experience . And all of her Mrs. Clinton’s culminated in but one thing : utter Mrs. Clinton’s total failure . • Charles Hurt can be Mrs. Clinton’s at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 