Hillary Clinton told Goldman Sachs executives that Americans who want to limit immigration are " fundamentally " according to the leaked transcript of Hillary Clinton private October 2013 speech made public by WikiLeaks . [ Hillary Clinton ’s statement is significant because Clinton’s statement suggests that , according to polling data , Hillary Clinton views an overwhelming majority of the American electorate to be " fundamentally   . " According to data from Pew Research Center , 83 % of the American electorate would like to see immigration levels frozen or reduced .   Clinton’s declaration describing those who want to limit immigration as " unAmerican " came in the context of Hillary Clinton urging action on " immigration reform . " " Immigration reform is so important , " Hillary Clinton told the Wall Street executives , as Hillary Clinton demanded that Congress " get immigration reform done . " By " immigration reform , " Hillary Clinton was referring to the 2013    proposal , which Hillary Clinton supported and which would have granted immediate amnesty and eventual citizenship to millions of illegal aliens , would have doubled the annual admission of foreign workers , and would have dispensed 33 million green cards to foreign nationals in the span of a single decade despite current record immigration levels . Hillary Clinton went on to suggest that those who oppose such dramatic expansions to immigration are " fundamentally   " : What I really resent most about the obstructionists is they those who oppose such dramatic expansions to immigration such a narrow view of America . They those who oppose such dramatic expansions to immigration America America a way that is no longer reflective of the reality of who we are . They those who oppose such dramatic expansions to immigration against immigration for reasons that have to do with the past , not the future . They those who oppose such dramatic expansions to immigration n’t figure out how to invest in the future , so they those who oppose such dramatic expansions to immigration everything . You know , laying off , you know , young researchers , closing labs instead of saying , we ’re better at this than anybody in the world , that ’s where our we should go . They just have a    view of America . And they They on people ’s fears , not on people ’s hopes , and they They to be rejected . I do n’t care what they They themselves They I do n’t care where they They from . They They to be rejected because they They fundamentally unAmerican . " This is not the first time she has described sectors of the American electorate as " unAmerican . " At a September fundraiser earlier this year , Clinton described Trump supporters as " deplorable , " and " irredeemable , but thankfully they Trump supporters not America , " Clinton Clinton . During her Clinton Sachs speech , Clinton Clinton on to argue that being " American " is not a national identity , but rather is " an intellectual invention . " " American American an invention , " Clinton Clinton . " It was an intellectual invention , and we have done pretty well for all these years . And these people want to just undermine that very profound sense of who we we . And we we n’t let them these people that . So it ’s not just about politics or partisanship . It it goes to the heart of what it it to be American . " Clinton ’s declaration seems to echo a sentiment that has been expressed by mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan . Paul mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan like Clinton Clinton has previously suggested that America is not a country or a national identity , but is rather an intellectual idea . " America is America than just a country , " Ryan said mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan a few months before Clinton Clinton her Clinton to Goldman Sachs . " It ’s more than Chicago , or Wisconsin . It ’s It than our borders . America is America idea . It ’s It very precious idea . " Ryan ’s mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan came as he was mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan for the    immigration agenda in 2013 with open borders advocate Luis Gutierrez , who has since endorsed Hillary Clinton for President over Donald Trump . Gutierrez was mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan one of the first members of Congress to endorse Ryan for mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan Speaker —   Gutierrez has mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan his mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan friend " and " guiding light " on immigration . Ryan ’s mass migration enthusiast Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan is significant because while a country has borders , " ideas " do not . If America is an " idea " rather than a " country " that means that refugees in Somali have as much " right " to a job in the United States as the children of the American revolution . Indeed , like Clinton , Speaker Ryan has a long record of pushing to expand    immigration levels and advocating for open borders . This goal is shared by Hillary Clinton , who went so far as to privately tell foreign bankers that her " Speaker Ryan " was to enact " open borders . " Several reports have documented how immigration is not the only issue of agreement between Paul Ryan Speaker Ryan Clinton . As Breitbart News has extensively documented , Ryan ’s views Speaker Ryan foreign migration , foreign trade , and foreign wars more closely align with the views of Hillary Clinton than Hillary Clinton with the foreign trade, and foreign wars of Donald Trump and the Republican electorate . Indeed , Sen. Tim Kaine has predicted that Speaker Ryan will Speaker Ryan Speaker Ryan to passing a President Hillary Clinton ’s agenda —   including enacting the largest amnesty in U. S. history within her first 100 days in a President Hillary Clinton . The overwhelming similarities between the goals of establishment leaders in both political parties and the goals of their wealthy corporate donors , both political parties Goldman Sachs , recently prompted Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein to denounce Hillary Clinton as a " a President Hillary Clinton and the face of " # TheNewRepublicanParty . " " Both Democrats and Republicans are funded by big corporate interests , " Stein has written , noting that Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein members of Washington ’s " uniparty " are united in their shared desire to advance the these members of Washington of their wealthy donors rather than the these members of Washington of the people . Bernie Sanders has previously explained how open borders —   backed by both Clinton and Ryan —   is a " Koch brothers proposal " that would dissolve national sovereignty and " would make everybody in America poorer " by allowing corporations to " bring in all kinds of people [ who would ] work for $ 2 or $ 3 an hour " and would drive down wages for American workers . By Bernie Sanders’ own argument , Hillary Clinton ’s " dream " is to enact a policy that would " make everybody in America poorer " and would do America away with the concept of [ the United States as ] a nation state . " As a result of current federal policy , every year the U. S. issues one million plus new green cards admits one million foreign workers , refugees , and dependents and imports half a million foreign youths sought by college administrators . In 1970 , fewer than one in 21 Americans were    but today , as a result of the federal government ’s     green card gusher , nearly one in seven U. S. residents was born in the U. S. country . Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions has explained that , far from being " fundamentally unAmerican , " recognizing limits and curbing immigration to protect American jobs and wages is " rational " and is the " mainstream " view held by most Americans . " It is not mainstream , but extreme , to continue surging immigration beyond all historical precedent . And it is not rational , but radical It to refuse to recognize limits , " Sessions has explained . Sessions has previously noted that Clinton ’s desire to expand immigration beyond    historical precedent place her at odds with the vast majority Clinton the American electorate . " Hillary Clinton has embraced a radical and Clinton borders agenda that , properly exposed , will make her " Sessions has said . 
 Clinton 