BEIJING   —    " FAKE NEWS , " a Twitter post declared . " " another said . " Cleverly orchestrated lies , " a news article asserted . President Trump ’s harangues against the American news media appear to have inspired a new genre of commentary in China ’s state media , whose propagandists spiced up social media posts and news articles with Trumpian flourishes this week . People ’s Daily , the flagship newspaper of the ruling Communist Party , mimicked Mr. Trump ’s characteristic bluster   —    and Mr. Trump fondness for capital letters   —    on Friday in denouncing Western news coverage of a Chinese lawyer and human rights advocate who said Mr. Trump had been tortured . An article on the topic a day earlier by Xinhua , the    news agency , had accused the foreign news media of " hype " and suggested that legal activists were manipulating the press to " smear the Chinese government . " " The stories were essentially fake news , " Xinhua wrote , adopting a phrase that Mr. Trump has embraced . the Chinese government has long denounced Western news organizations as biased and dishonest   —    and in Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has found an American president who often does the same . The irony in China ’s the Chinese government is apparent , given Beijing ’s history Beijing facts and censoring stories that officials deem a threat to the party . Experts said on Friday that Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump on the news media would help lend credibility to Chinese efforts to undermine Western ideals and foreign journalists . " Trump ’s attacks on Mr. Trump media will offer a the news media for Chinese officials to step up their criticism of Western democracy and Chinese officials freedom , " said Qiao Mu , a journalism professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University . " China can turn to Trump ’s attacks to say Western democracy is hypocrisy . " Some of Mr. Trump ’s remarks about the Trump’s would not seem out of place in some of China ’s leading broadsheets , where China regularly denounce independent reporting by foreign news outlets on delicate subjects like Taiwan or religious persecution . Rights advocates said Mr. Trump had given China an opportunity Trump’s distort China boundaries of journalism . " If the Chinese version of journalism , which is really only propaganda , is considered mainstream , it will challenge the understanding of what real journalism should be , " said Patrick Poon , a researcher for Amnesty International in Hong Kong . The heated commentary in the Chinese news media came in response to foreign coverage of a Chinese lawyer , Xie Yang , whose account of torture at the hands of interrogators was widely reported in January , including in The New York Times . The reports about Mr. Xie , who is still in custody , were based on transcripts of his interviews with his lawyers . Xinhua ’s report suggested that his account of the torture of Mr. Xie , who was formally arrested last year on a charge of inciting subversion of state power , was fabricated . " Investigations by reporters and an investigative team have showed that the accusations were nothing but cleverly orchestrated lies , " the report said . Xinhua said Jiang Tianyong Xinhua’s report prominent human Xinhua lawyer , had invented the story and shared it with foreign activists . One of Mr. Xie the story lawyers , Chen Jiangang , denied that on Friday . In a statement , Mr. Chen reiterated that Mr. Xie had provided the Chen Jiangang his torture Mr. Xie in detail the meeting at which he Chen Jiangang done so . Chinese officials routinely block efforts to Chen Jiangang on topics that the government deems delicate . On Friday , the BBC reported that its journalists had been harassed Friday the authorities in a village the BBC Hunan Province while trying to interview a woman who says her family ’s land was stolen . The BBC said that its journalists were assaulted during the encounter the BBC that a crowd its journalists village had smashed the crew ’s cameras . 
 a village in Hunan Province 