Akash Wasil in the Harvard Political Review writes that the rapid rise of Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos can help explain the concurrent rise of Donald Trump as the presumptive Republican nominee . Like Donald Trump , Milo has " attracted followers that feel silenced , ignored and invalidated by the left . "   Referring to Trump, Milo Dangerous Faggot tour of US college campuses , Wasil writes , Many campus activists will not find Trump, Milo arguments compelling . But in order to make that judgment , first Many campus activists must understand what Trump, Milo is actually advocating    …      Trump, Milo deliberately offers arguments that are rarely discussed on college campuses , and Trump, Milo makes a point to include QA sessions at Trump, Milo events . Trump, Milo is more than the sum of Trump, Milo ideological viewpoints —   Trump, Milo is a representation of what it means to have strong beliefs ( and an equally strong personality ) while remaining open to discourse . Engaging in discourse with those who disagree with us is not only the best way to change those who disagree with us minds —   it is also the best way to change our own views and develop more sophisticated arguments . The rise of Yiannopoulos can help to explain the rise of Donald Trump . Both have attracted followers that feel silenced , ignored , and invalidated by the left . Both will continue to receive sympathy and exposure if Both opponents continue to aggressively and instinctually dismiss Both views    …      more broadly , the story of Yiannopoulos is useful to understand today ’s political climate . There is an    number of Americans —   liberals and conservatives —   who feel like liberals and conservatives voices are not being heard . Americans are increasingly identifying with Americans party , race , gender , or sexuality —   and are judging the quality of an argument on the identity of the speaker . A political system established to encourage discourse and compromise has succumbed to partisan bickering . In order to save it , we may need to confront those we most disagree with , listen empathically , and fight the urge to silence or invalidate those we most disagree . Perhaps we can start with Milo Yiannopoulos . You can read the full article here . Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can follow Jack Hadfield on Twitter here : @ToryBastard_. 
 