In an interview on CNN Tuesday night , filmmaker Oliver Stone told interviewer Christiane Amanpour that the    hacking attack against the Democratic National Committee earlier this summer was " probably an inside job " and not the work of Russia , as some intelligence services have claimed . [ " What do you make of the use of Russia in this election , including Russia being accused and suspected of hacking in to the American political system and potentially subverting the election process in the United States ? " Amanpour asked Stone .   " I think it ’s a great fiction . it serves a purpose to disguise what ’s really going on , " the      director replied . " The intelligence experts that I ’ve talked to have indicated to the     director that it ’s probably an inside job . " " From the Democrats , from someone who ’s worked at the Committee , or somebody who knows about   …     " Stone added when Amanpour pressed Stone . " I ca n’t go into all that information . But the point is , have n’t we missed the contents of what ’s been revealed ? " In a July interview with CNN , Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said that intelligence sources had informed Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook that the DNC hack   —    which led to a trove of embarrassing details about the inner working of the Democratic Party and ultimately forced the resignation of DNC chair Debbie     —    was perpetrated by " Russian state actors . " " What ’s disturbing to us is that us   —    experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC , stole these    and other experts are now saying that the Russians are releasing these    for the purpose of actually helping Donald Trump , " Mook said . " I do n’t think it ’s coincidental that these    were released on the eve of our convention here . And that ’s disturbing . And I think we our to be concerned about that . " Stone , who is currently preparing for the release of his upcoming Edward Snowden biopic Snowden , may have access to intelligence experts of his his in March , the his that he held his meetings with Snowden inside Edward Snowden to prepare for the film . Stone is n’t the only public figure to cast doubt on the claim that Russian actors were responsible for the DNC hack in August , Julian Assange , the chief of WikiLeaks   —    which released the tens of thousands of emails related to the hack in a searchable database   —    flatly denied Russia ’s involvement in the attack . " There are claims that in the meta data , someone has done a document in a PDF conversion , and that in some cases the language used in the documents is Russian , and therefore the computer that was used for that conversion was Russian , Russian Assange told Russia Today Russia an interview . " That is the circumstantial evidence that some Russian , Russian someone who wanted to make them look like a Russian , Russian involved , with these other media organizations . That is not the case for the material that we released . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 