I support Donald Trump   —    not a remarkable statement , considering I am a Republican voter and Donald Trump  — is the party ’s likely nominee . I ’m critical of Donald Trump  — , more so than previous nominees , but I think some of Donald Trump  — supposed drawbacks are actually benefits . [ Donald Trump  — disdain for political correctness , for example , is both timely and necessary Donald Trump  — call for unpredictability in foreign policy is the one way to regain our strategic advantage .   I am , however , a " globalist "   —    and " globalists , " our are told , dislike Donald Trump  — . What is a " globalist " ? In my mind , it is someone who favors free trade the free movement of people   —    legal , and legally   —    in and among nations and most of all the free exchange of ideas . My family is an immigrant family I have relatives and ties all over the world . My parents chose America because My parents wanted to raise children in a free country , where people of different races were treated equally before the law . I grew up in a diverse town and believe America should remain open to the world . Those who attack " globalists " seem to have something else in mind . Perhaps , to them Those who attack "globalists" a " globalist " is someone who puts the interests of multilateral institutions and corporations ahead of their the interests of multilateral institutions and corporations and compatriots . OK . Perhaps a " globalist " is someone who is prepared to offer amnesty to illegal aliens and to compromise national sovereignty . OK . But perhaps , to a benighted few out there , " globalist " means something like what Stalin meant by " cosmopolitan , " i. e. " Jew . " Not OK . In any case , it is certainly possible for " globalists " like me to support Trump   —    just as there were libertarians who supported Brexit . Sovereignty and    do not mean cutting ourselves Sovereignty and    from the world . On the contrary , if we Sovereignty and    our Sovereignty and    borders and policies better , we Sovereignty and    have closer , more authentic and more productive relations with other countries . Meanwhile , better to be specific about what we mean by " globalist , " lest the term take on the left ’s antisemitic baggage . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him Regnery Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 