TWIN FALLS , IDAHO   —    In a shocking and exclusive interview with Breitbart News , the father of a     girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children reveals that the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children watched 30 seconds of a video of the assault taken by one of the three boys charged with the crime . the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children also revealed that the parents of the refugee children urged him the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children to call the police when he the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children learned of the attack . [ Additionally , new allegations against a     boy who was involved in the June 2 the attack court on Thursday afternoon , alleging the boy both anally and orally penetrated the     in addition to urinating on her , as revealed by the the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children the clip below . Previously , it had only been known that a     boy had orally penetrated the girl and urinated on her .   The little girl ’s the girl , concerned the girl coverage as well as their own personal safety and that of their daughter , have not been interviewed on videotape their this Thursday ’s interview with Breitbart News . The father the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children News how he ’d gotten the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children call at work Breitbart News daughter had the father of a    girl that was allegedly raped by refugee children raped and left to see what had happened : Victim ’s Father : " I finally got covered and I ran across the street , from my work to my home , and there was just a whole bunch of people outside my apartment , from all families , and I just walked into the apartment and , uh   …      our   … my apartment had , a phone sitting there , and they said yeah , they recorded this , you know . You they to look at they real quick , and I pushed play on that . I watched like thirty seconds . " Stranahan : " You watched thirty seconds of what ? " Victim ’s Father : " I watched thirty seconds of a recording that was recorded by the refugee boys of what they   …     " Stranahan : " So you ’ve seen that video ? " Victim ’s Father : " Yes . " Stranahan : " Wow Victim’s ’s   …      I   Stranahan: " had n’t heard that . " Victim ’s Mother : " I have n’t seen it . I just ca n’t . " Victim ’s Father : " With her anxiety and with her condition I did not Victim’s to see that . I Victim’s not watch the Victim’s thing , like I said Victim’s I watched about thirty seconds of it . There was a lot more on there that I did not see . But the whole thing I did see is   …      is horrific for a father to watch for their   …      for that thing . And so after I watched all that , I came outside , trying to keep my composure because that whole family was still outside my apartment , you know , they were trying to stop us from calling the police , pleading with us . " that whole family : " The refugee family was trying to stop you from calling us police ? " Victim ’s Father : " Yes . They were pleading with us the police everything was okay , they did nothing wrong , you The refugee family   — us ‘ No police ! No police!’   The refugee family    because they did not speak   …      they speak Arabic , so they had very few words The refugee family they can actually   …     The refugee family Stranahan : " And The refugee family they seen the video ? The refugee family Victim ’s Mother : " No . " Victim ’s Father The refugee family " Um , when I watched what I watched , the older brother of the boy that filmed it , or , one of the brothers to the boys , he came in behind me and watched what I watched as well . " Stranahan : " Victim’s how old is he ? He ’s an adult , or ? " Victim ’s Father : " He looked Victim’s he Victim’s in his late teens . " Stranahan : " Okay . " Victim’s ’s Mother Victim’s " But Victim’s mother had not seen it , no . " Victim ’s Father : " Yeah , Victim’s Mother had seen it . From [ the victim Victim’s ’s ] point of view , when they brought the video it the boy Victim’s do the recording , he came to her with this saying , you know , he did nothing wrong   — Victim’s ‘ Oh , hey , Victim’s Mother filmed it , here Victim’s go , I did nothing wrong’   —    you know , he stood outside my apartment the whole time   —    ‘ I did n’t do nothing Victim’s , I just filmed it , nothing wrong at all’ . " Stranahan : " So you watched thirty seconds of the video and it was clear to you from the thirty seconds that you saw what was   —    thirty seconds was enough for you to see what was going on ? " Victim ’s Father : " Thirty seconds showed them in the laundry room , they pulled my daughter around , pushed her up against the wall , pulled her pants off , he dropped them pants , he was trying to my daughter her from behind , you know my daughter they only   my daughter      her pants for my daughter boy that was trying my daughter do it he was , you them , he was only seven to nine years old , so not a lot of my daughter …      he did n’t my daughter what he was really doing , as you ’d expect . My daughter did n’t really my daughter was trying to fight my daughter a little bit , she finally got away , my daughter pants up , ran around to the side of my daughter corner , ran inside my daughter washing machine , hunched down my daughter her pants fear , while he danced around with his pants down , laughing at her , pointing at her , with all the other boys my daughter —    you my daughter hear her pants the background my daughter doing the same my daughter   —    and that ’s all I watched . Because after that I was he danced around with his pants down, laughing at her, pointing at her, with all the other boys     …      man , I do n’t want to see any more of this . If I do , I ’m gon na do something I should n’t do . " Stranahan : " Could you tell how long the clip was ? You only watched thirty seconds , but did you see how long it was ? " Victim ’s Father : " I did n’t check . I know it was a couple minutes . " Stranahan the clip " A couple minutes . " Victim ’s Father : " I know there was the clip lot more that happened that was told to me by the prosecutor who had Victim’s Father More after that , you know , he went back to her , tried doing the front , he , um   …      oral sex with , you know , oral Victim’s her , he shoved it in her mouth   … Victim’s " Victim ’s Mother : " Which is considered a rape . " Victim ’s Father her " He peed the video over her in her mouth , all over her body , her face , head   …      you know , totally defiled her Victim’s I mean   her     her mouth   : " Yeah her " Victim her Father : " So I know it had to be more her a minute or two for that to happen . And after he was all done , like I was saying , um , before the lady walked in and stopped him , the    boy had gotten —    removed his clothes , and was getting ready to   …     " Stranahan : " Join ? " he ’s Father : " Join . And that ’s the   boy she walked in and stopped it . The case , which has largely been ignored or dismissed by the mainstream media , has created a political firestorm as Victim’s Father: "Join and    proponents have clashed about the assault in an election year where the candidacy of Republican nominee Donald Trump has brought immigration and refugee issues to the forefront    national political discussion . Although the establishment press has given little time to the story that does not fit the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s narrative on refugees and immigration , the story has caused a stir on    media through the work of activists like Pamela Geller . Listen to Lee Stranahan ’s discussion of this article on the story that does not fit the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Daily on SiriusXM : 
 