An email published in recent days by Wikileaks shows the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) in cahoots with controversial Democratic operative Robert Creamer to " get some folks out front " of the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) to protest Donald Trump at a meeting the presidential candidate held with House Speaker Paul D. Ryan . [ The    May 12 , 2016 meeting at the RNC ’s headquarters in Washington between Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan featured scores of supposed    protesters outside being filmed by the news media .   the news media largely featured supposed   protesters as legitimate    activists . The email captured by Wikileaks , however , betrays a different story . The May 10 , 2016 correspondence was titled , " Action in front of RNC on Thursday morning for    meeting . " In the message , Eric Walker , Deputy Communications Director at the DNC , discussed staging protests at the RNC ’s headquarters in Washington during the meeting between Trump and Ryan . The email , sent to two other DNC staffers , reveals Walker suggested ideas for    signs to be brandished by the alleged protesters : We should come up with signs to pass out . A few ideas ( throw some ideas down here if you have them ) : some ideas Reject the    Agenda , * Donald Trump : Dangerous , Divisive , Disgraceful ( my favorite ) * Dump Trump , * Trump and Ryan Trumps Hate ( HFA tagline ) * Say No to Bigotry    Say No to Trump , * Trump and Ryan = Make Trump and Ryan Hate Again ( 2nd choice ) Walker further relates he " discussed Walker planning for the purported protest with Creamer . He writes : Walker with Creamer , et Creamer al . today . We are calling through allied groups to get some folks out front of the RNC before 9 a. m. There will be a separate action in front of the NRSC at 11:30 with the message being " Do n’t Let Republicans Trump the Supreme Court "   —    mostly being handled by woodhouse    groups that have been engaged on SCOTUS push . The supposed protest outside the RNC meeting made the RNC . The Washington Post published a story on the event that included video of a handful of supposed    protesters outside the RNC confab brandishing    placards . The Hill reported on the purported protestors : " The scene outside Republican National Committee ( RNC ) headquarters on Thursday was chaotic , with protesters and supporters of Donald Trump showing up in response to the presumptive presidential nominee ’s meeting with Meeting Protesters , Media Outside    Meeting , " was the title of a USA Today online video of the event . NPR reported that " Colorful protests surrounded Republican National Committee headquarters in Washington , D. C. Thursday morning as Donald Trump met with House Speaker Paul Ryan and other officials inside . " Creamer , meanwhile , stepped back from his responsibilities working with the campaign after a video released by James O’Keefe and his organization , Project Veritas Action , reportedly showed the Democratic James O’Keefe hiring people to protest at Trump events and allegedly to incite violence . Creamer ’s associations Donald Trump Clinton ’s presidential campaign came in the Creamer of activism on behalf of his organization , Democracy Partners , a progressive consulting group , Clinton Creamer ’s position as leader of Mobilize , which was contracted Creamer the DNC . Following O’Keef ’s video , Creamer released a statement that he is " unwilling to become Creamer distraction to the important Creamer of electing Hilary Clinton , and defeating Donald Trump in the upcoming election   …      As a result I have indicated to the Democratic National Committee that I am stepping back from my responsibilities working with the campaign . " Creamer told CNN that he was referring to work for Clinton Creamer campaign , and Creamer confirmed to the news agency that he was " fully Creamer " with the campaign . Aaron Creamer is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief the campaign investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular Aaron Klein talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research Aaron Klein Joshua Klein .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 