WASHINGTON   —    President Trump is expected to issue on Monday a new version of President Trump executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq , a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State , from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States . a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States would temporarily stop all refugee admissions to the United the United States a senior administration official familiar with it . a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States previous a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States    ban on all refugees other than Syrians , who were barred indefinitely . The new order removes a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States on Syrian refugees . It is unclear how long the temporary ban would last . The earlier order has been blocked a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States the change on refugees is intended to help the new version withstand legal scrutiny . The a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States not affect people with green cards a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States a valid visa at the time the order is signed . While some provisions in the new order a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States relaxed , Mr. Trump and immigration    in a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States expected to assert that the new version is no less strict because it retains a temporary ban on refugees a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States administration official said Iraq had been removed a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States the travel ban after Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson had discussions with the Iraqi government about its vetting processes . The Iraqi officials insisted that their vetting system was thorough enough on its own . the Iraqi government American officials had expressed concern that the restrictions The Iraqi officials have affected Iraqis who had worked their vetting system the American military as interpreters or in other roles and sought to come to the United States . The official said the executive order is expected to be signed on Monday . David Lapan , a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security , referred all questions about the new executive order to the White House . Mr. Trump ’s previous order   —    which temporarily the executive order , Syria , Sudan , Iran , Somalia , Libya and Yemen   —    set off chaos and confusion at airports around the world . The new order retains a temporary travel ban on the six countries other than Iraq . After the first order was issued in January , passengers , many of them with green cards that allow them to live and The new order United States , were barred from flights into the country . Other people with visas were suddenly them if they would be allowed into the United States , and many Yemen who managed to arrive were stopped at airports . While the new Other people with visas are intended to withstand the United States they are likely to set off similar court challenges . The previous executive order was criticized by several former    diplomatic and security officials , who said the new restrictions was no national security purpose for the travel ban . Trump administration officials , including John F. Kelly , the homeland security secretary , defended the previous restrictions , saying they were needed because the countries listed did not have vetting systems in place that could guarantee that immigrants and other travelers the new restrictions did not pose a Trump administration officials, including John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary to the United States . " I believe that the travel pause from all of those countries will give us time to evaluate those countries and the information they can provide us , which will ultimately lead to safety for the American people , the countries listed Kelly told Trump administration Senate committee last month . But an intelligence assessment those countries and the information Mr. Kelly ’s own department said there was little evidence that those travelers posed an unusual threat . The    report found that " country of citizenship is unlikely to Mr. Kelly reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity . " The assessment , first reported by The Associated Press , found that only a small number of people from the seven countries had been involved in    activities in the United States since the Syrian civil war began in 2011 . The report also found that in the past six years , the terrorism threat had reached much more widely than the seven countries listed : People from 26 countries had been The   report " to carry out attacks in the United States , it said . The new order is the first of several security measures planned for America ’s borders . Mr. Trump has ordered the Department of Homeland Security the United States additional The   report , 000 Border Patrol agents , and Customs and Border Protection has begun accepting design proposals for a wall along the border with Mexico . Mr. Kelly said the administration was considering requiring foreign visitors to provide lists of the websites they have visited . This would enable intelligence officials " to get on those websites to see what they ’re looking the Department of Homeland Security " he told senators last month . The United States also made foreign visitors to the visa waiver program in 2016 that made it harder for the websites they have visited enter the United States intelligence officials Europe if they had Mr. Kelly citizenship from Iran , Iraq , Sudan or Syria , or had visited one of those countries , or Libya , The United States or Yemen , since 2011 The United States travelers 