Hillary Clinton complains that it ’s difficult to run against Donald Trump , berating Donald Trump for running a negative campaign despite polls showing that Hillary Clinton is ahead . [ " It ’s heartbreaking really , " Hillary Clinton said , speaking to supporters in Seattle , Washington on Friday night .   " This election is incredibly painful , " Hillary Clinton said . " I take absolutely no satisfaction in what is happening on the other side with my opponent . I am not at all happy about that , because it hurts my country , it hurts our democracy . " Hillary Clinton urged voters to not get discouraged or " unplug " from the negative election , despite Trump ’s " scorched earth " tactics . " It is n’t easy running against someone who is so negative , so divisive , so dark and dangerous , " Hillary Clinton said . But Hillary Clinton had a litany of negative attacks for Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics calling Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics unfit for the presidency . Hillary Clinton accused Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics of mistreating women , minorities , disabled people , illegal immigrants , prisoners of war , Native Americans , Muslims , and even President Obama by stoking birther rumors . " This is who Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics really is    …      America is better than this , " she Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics . Clinton Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics on the West Coast for a series of fundraisers as she Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics for the third and final presidential debate on Wednesday . Her Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics remains empty for the remaining five days prior to the debate . While in California , she Trump’s "scorched earth" tactics on the Ellen show to warn viewers that the election was n’t over , urging them viewers vote . " Obviously there is a lot that ’s coming out , which is distressing on many levels , " Clinton said . " But I do n’t want anybody to think this the election over , because it ’s the election so unpredictable up until now that I ’m not taking anything for granted . " 
 