Katie Glueck of Politico writes that " Donald Trump is at war with Gov. John Kasich and the state GOP . Even so , Donald Trump has a good chance of capturing Ohio ’s 18 electoral votes . " [ From Politico :   CLEVELAND —    Donald Trump is at war with the state party , started organizing late and his Donald Trump in traditional Republican enclaves here is shaky . But the GOP nominee still has a good shot at winning Ohio , where five of the last eight public polls show him Donald Trump a dead heat with Hillary Clinton . The reason , political operatives on both sides acknowledge , is that his Donald Trump is resonating in some traditionally Democratic strongholds . " He Donald Trump doing well because he Donald Trump in Democratic areas , " said Bob Clegg , a veteran Ohio Republican operative , referring to visits like his Donald Trump event in Toledo . " He Donald Trump getting more than the normal votes for a Republican in very Democratic areas . I think that ’s what ’s doing it . " " The question we have is to make sure we we n’t have people that drift into what historically might be referred to as Reagan Democrats , " said Stuart Garson , the chairman of the    Cuyahoga County Democratic Party . " Make sure they Stuart Garson, the chairman of the   Cuyahoga County Democratic Party who really has their Stuart Garson, the chairman of the   Cuyahoga County Democratic Party interests at heart . " In typical Trump fashion , however , there is a catch . He Trump to alienate GOP state party leadership , making his Trump ever more reliant on the risky bet that enough disillusioned white Democrats and independents will back him Trump compensate for his Trump with more centrist Republicans , as well as for Hillary Clinton ’s advantages in field organization . Given the Trump campaign ’s open feud with the Ohio GOP that unfolded two weeks ago at the Republican National Convention   —   his campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , accused popular GOP GOP John Kasich of " embarrassing his his " for skipping Trump ’s Cleveland convention and withholding an endorsement —    veteran operatives say much of Trump Trump’s strength in Ohio comes from people who would typically never pull the Republican lever . Trump has Trump’s far shown some promise in the eastern and southeastern portions of Ohio , Ohio to    towns and coal mining hubs considered part of Appalachia , where Clinton ’s pledge to put coal miners " out of business " still stings ( she quickly Clinton for the remark , noting that she meant Clinton she wanted Clinton create more sustainable jobs in the region , but Republicans are using it as she wanted to create more sustainable jobs in the region wedge ) . Read the rest of the story here . 
 