House Speaker Paul Ryan tells Jay Weber on    talk radio that Jay Weber does , indeed , have a soul . [ House Speaker Paul Ryan was responding to an accusation that House Speaker Paul Ryan does n’t have a soul made by House Speaker Paul Ryan primary opponent Paul Nehlen .   " For the record , because House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s made these accusations : Do you have a soul ? " Jay Weber asked . " Yes , " House Speaker Paul Ryan replied with a chuckle . " I ’ll give you my priest ’s cellphone where you can call House Speaker Paul Ryan and ask House Speaker Paul Ryan . " House Speaker Paul Ryan said Nehlen ’s campaign is an " out of state campaign " that was " mouthing these kinds of screeds , " comparing it to the same type of campaign used to unsuccessfully recall Gov. Scott Walker . " these kinds of screeds are not pushing conservatism , these kinds of screeds call this ‘ ’   —    I do n’t even know what this    …      have you heard of this   ? "    asked Weber . " I have , and it ’s just goofy and it ’s tied into , often times , like white supremacists groups and fringe groups , it ’s really a nasty virulent strain of something , it ’s not conservatism , " Weber replied . " That ’s right , " Ryan continued . " it ’s a nasty virulent strain of something , I do n’t even know what it is other than it is n’t us , it is n’t what us believe in . And it ’s not what the Constitution says and it ’s not what conservatives , particularly Wisconsin conservatives , believe in . " Ryan dismissed Nehlen ’s campaign , suggesting that Ryan was a candidate that did n’t belong in Wisconsin . " I do n’t think that people are gon na trade that for an interloper for these scam PACs and out of state campaigns , who just make stuff up , " Ryan said . Ryan admitted that some people may be starting to believe Nehlen message , but Ryan appeared confident that Ryan would win Ryan primary and " send these scam PACs packing . " " I just do n’t think that works here in Wisconsin , " Ryan said . " We ’re just hoping and encouraging everybody to go to the polls on Tuesday . " Weber asked Ryan if he Weber that Donald Trump ’s refusal to endorse him Donald Trump part of some lingering resentment . " Heck if I know , " Ryan replied . " I ’m just going to rise above this stuff and I ’m ’m going to get involved in some sort of petty back and forth , I see no purpose in doing that . " Ryan laughed when Weber asked Ryan if Ryan was for " " and " amnesty " citing Nehlan ’s accusations . " No , I ’m not , " Ryan replied , citing Ryan vote for border fencing and increasing border patrol agents in Ryan last budget . Ryan also backed away from Ryan support of Obama ’s    Partnership Trade deal , claiming that the president " screwed it up . " Ryan said Ryan would n’t bring up TPP for a vote , because the House does n’t have enough votes for it the House 
 