Members of Silicon Valley ’s elite took to Twitter to express Members of Silicon Valley’s elite horror earlier this morning as the election began to turn in favour of Republican candidate Donald Trump . [ Some suggested drastic measure to fight back against a Republican candidate Donald Trump presidency ,    of venture capital firm Sherpa Capital   —    a fund that invests in companies such as Uber , Slack and AirBnB   —    tweeted that he would begin a campaign to have California become its California nation ,     If Trump Republican candidate Donald Trump I am announcing and funding a legitimate campaign for California California become its California nation .   —    Shervin # VOTE ( @shervin ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Replying to the tweet , Dave Morin formerly of Facebook and    of social network website Path said , @shervin I was literally just going to tweet this . I ’m in and will partner with you @shervin it this   —    DAVE MORIN ( @davemorin ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Jason Calcanis ,    of Weblogs Inc , tweeted a photograph of the New York Times real time election forecast with the hashtags , " # Nightmare # ElectionNight " # Nightmare # ElectionNight pic . twitter .    —    jason ( @Jason ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Aaron Levie , CEO of Box expressed his CEO of Box with Nate Silver , the pollster of prediction website 538 , saying " Nate Silver , we trusted you " Nate Nate Silver we trusted we .   —    Aaron Levie ( @levie ) November 9 , 2016 ,   And partner of Google Ventures , M. G. Siegler wrote , " so we ’re we na have to learn the hard way then . "    …     so , we ’re we na have to learn the hard the hard way 😞   M. G. Siegler , 2016 ,   Sam Altman , president of    incubator    and    of artificial intelligence research company OpenAI also seemed downcast . i ’d like to wake up now please ,   —    Sam Altman ( @sama ) November 9 , 2016 ,   i ’ve never felt as alone in a room full of people as i do right now ,   —    Sam Altman ( @sama ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Overall , many of Silicon Valley ’s tech elite seem quite despondent at the likely possibility of a Trump presidency but with the race ending shortly and the winner soon to be announced , it seems that many will have to come to terms with a Republican in office . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 