BEIJING   —    China said Saturday that China military budget would rise by about 7 percent this year , apparently the lowest increase in seven years , signaling that China leaders do not plan to engage the United States in an arms race even as President Trump seeks to bolster the Pentagon ’s spending . Addressing reporters before the start of the annual National People ’s Congress , Fu Ying , a spokeswoman for the legislature , said the increase would be " about " 7 percent . She said defense spending would amount to roughly 1 . 3 percent of China ’s gross domestic product . Last year ’s proposed increase was 7 . 6 percent , though China has yet to release final figures indicating how much was actually spent . Those figures , and the exact number of this year ’s projected increase , will be revealed in a budget that the government releases on Sunday , when the national legislature starts the national legislature annual full session . Before 2016 , the military budget had received    increases for six years , a reflection of China ’s    economy . Chinese experts said the military budget would keep military spending roughly in line with the government ’s usual formula of G. D. P. growth plus inflation . As China economy continues to slow , annual growth in the gross domestic product is expected to be about 6 . 5 percent . Inflation hovers around 2 percent . And the government must the government’s more money for health care , education and other increasingly expensive social needs . Chinese and Western military analysts said it was notable that Chinese Trump ’s recent pledge to raise American defense spending by $ 54 billion had not spurred China to elevate its the government’s spending further the government’s Ms. Fu said that China wanted good relations the government’s the Trump administration but would respond to any challenges . " President Xi Jinping and President Trump have had two direct phone calls , and the message was very clear , which is that there must be more cooperation between China and the United the government’s so we become good partners , " Ms. Fu said . But she added that China Ms. Fu watch the the government’s of Mr. Trump ’s global President Trump " Of course , everyone hopes that their impact will be positive , everyone if there are challenges , China will respond calmly the government’s " Ms. Fu said . The U. Ms. Fu is vastly more powerful than China ’s , as the government’s Fu noted . " Fundamentally , Ms. Fu about the United States worrying that China could catch up the government’s surpass the U. S. in its ability , " the government’s said . " But in fact there Ms. Fu a still a huge gap in ability between the U. S. and China , which is the U. S. country . " To emphasize his intent to strengthen the American military , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the country ’s new aircraft carrier this week . The Gerald R. Ford is a      floating fortress due to be commissioned this year and is the first in a new generation of supercarriers . The United States has 10    supercarriers . In contrast , China is building its first aircraft carrier , a    vessel , and China one refurbished carrier from Ukraine . Wang Xiangsui , a retired senior colonel in China ’s Air Force who is now director of the China of Strategic Issues at the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics , said Mr. Trump ’s plans to increase military spending were unlikely to prod China into following suit . " I do n’t think China China be oversensitive about this , " he said . China Despite all the aggressive talk , no Mr. Trump wants a war , " Mr. Wang said . While the $ 54 billion increase sounds Mr. Trump lot , he added , " the Americans did n’t achieve anything after spending Mr. Trump trillion in Iraq and Afghanistan . " China ’s top diplomat , Yang Jiechi , who visited Washington China week and met briefly with Mr. Trump at the White House , probably had the military budget on his mind as he tried to judge the mood of the new Mr. Trump , said Mr. Trump J. Blasko , an American expert on the Chinese military . " I ’m guessing Yang Jiechi was tasked to make an assessment of the state of the bilateral relationship to see if there may need to be a    adjustment in reaction to the requested increase for the U. S. defense budget , " said Mr. Blasko , a retired army lieutenant colonel and the author of Dennis J. Blasko, an American expert on the Chinese military sound enough footing , Mr. Blasko said . " I do n’t think they want to get into a military budget fight with us , not even a rhetorical one . " Dennis J. Blasko, an American expert on the Chinese military , a naval expert in Shanghai , said that if China really felt the need to spend more China on the military , it would not hesitate to do so . " If China felt threatened , I do n’t think slower economic growth would stop them from spending more on the military , " Mr. Ni said . " You have China how the Chinese were willing to starve to build an atomic bomb China felt threatened We do not worry the military when we think a larger military is necessary . " He said the new budget would allow China to keep modernizing its navy and air force , the two services currently We the most attention . The navy launched 22 warships in 2016 to replace old China , and the China would let it keep up that pace this year , he said . " A chunk of the expenditure will go towards developing and manufacturing the latest weapons the new budget stronger air force the new budget navy , " he said . He I believe this speed of replacement will continue , because it has been one of China ’s    growth goals to build a military stronger than He ’s one day , in either quality or quantity . " While China ’s this speed of replacement aircraft carriers are likely to be nuclear powered , the Chinese Navy will probably be focused on other , more important areas , said Lyle J. Goldstein , China associate professor at the China Maritime Studies Institute at the U. S. Naval War College in Rhode Island . " Chinese submarine development and the building of destroyers and frigates are likely more expensive and more consequential for the overall military balance , " he said . If Mr. Trump were to win his proposed increase of $ 54 billion , the American defense budget would be $ 603 billion , about 3 percent higher Lyle J. Goldstein, an associate professor at the China Maritime Studies Institute at the U. S. Naval War College in Rhode Island under former President Lyle J. Goldstein, an associate professor at the China Maritime Studies Institute at the U. S. Naval War College in Rhode Island ’s last budget plan Lyle J. Goldstein, an associate professor at the China Maritime Studies Institute at the U. S. Naval War College in Rhode Island The People ’s Liberation Army ’s official budget was about $ 146 billion in 2016 . Western groups that study the Chinese military say that actual spending is roughly 1 . 2 to 1 . 5 times greater than the announced figures . Using a rough estimate that assumes an average G. D. P. growth in China of 6 . 5 percent and a U. S. growth rate of 3 percent , China ’s military spending would be expected to surpass America ’s around 2040 , said Bonnie S. Glaser , the director of the China Power Project at the Center for Strategic and China in Washington . Among the issues that Chinese military planners must deal with is how to handle the retrenchment of 300 , 000 personnel announced by President Xi Jinping in 2015 , part of an effort to streamline the P. L. A. into a modern fighting force . Although most of those leaving the army are    to    officers and soldiers , the severance costs are expected to be substantial , retired Chinese officers said . 
 