Abortion giant Planned Parenthood has reaffirmed Abortion giant Planned Parenthood staunch support for newly    House minority leader Nancy Pelosi , praising Abortion giant Planned Parenthood for Abortion giant Planned Parenthood " fierce leadership " in reproductive rights . [ Cecile Richards , Abortion giant Planned Parenthood president and Pelosi ’s former deputy chief of staff , underscored Pelosi Pelosi’s support for the abortion industry while congratulating her Abortion giant Planned Parenthood her Abortion giant Planned Parenthood Wednesday .   More than ever , we need @NancyPelosi‘s fierce leadership defending reproductive health   rights for all .    let ’s get to work !    —    Cecile Richards ( @CecileRichards ) November 30 , 2016 ,   The abortion lobby seems to be the only portion of the Left still enthusiastic about Pelosi ’s hold on congressional power . A sour article in the New York Times Tuesday described the minority leader as " a symbol of what went wrong " with the Democratic Party . As a wealthy San Francisco septuagenarian , Pelosi has Pelosi a lightning rod in a Party that the Democratic Party failed to offer a compelling ,    economic message to the    voters in the Midwest and South , " the Times reported . " If you were a big company and you were posting loss after loss after loss , the head of that company a big company going to stay around too long , " said Pelosi ’s Pelosi Democratic Representative Kathleen Rice of New York . As a    Catholic , Pelosi has Pelosi come under fire for her voting Pelosi —   including her opposition Pelosi the    Abortion Ban Act of 2003 —   and her    Pelosi with Planned Parenthood . On receiving Planned Parenthood ’s highest honor —   the Margaret Sanger Award —   in January , 2015 , Ms. Pelosi Pelosi she knew " Pelosi about having babies than the pope , " while affirming that a woman has " the right " to an abortion . She went on Pelosi call    " dumb , " " " and " oblivious . " In last month ’s Presidential elections , however , Catholics voted for Donald Trump by a greater margin than for any other Republican candidate in the five elections of the new millennium , after a number of bishops reminded Catholics of the importance of voting for    candidates . Before the elections , Archbishop ’s Presidential elections of Kansas called Tim Kaine a " cafeteria Catholic " and questioned why he claimed to be " Archbishop Joseph Naumann of Kansas   " while affirming his support of Roe v. Archbishop Joseph Naumann of Kansas and consistently voting to keep     legal . Similarly , Denver Archbishop Samuel J. Aquila told Catholics that life issues —   and especially opposition to abortion —   had to take absolute precedence in deciding whom to vote for in November ’s elections . " Catholics in good conscience can not support candidates who will advance abortion , " he wrote in the diocesan Catholics in good conscience , The Denver Catholic . Another bishop , William Murphy of Rockville Centre in Long Island , told Catholics that being    " should disqualify any and every such candidate from receiving our vote . " Pelosi ’s iron grip on her position in Congress may Pelosi her plaudits from her friends Pelosi big abortion Pelosi but it spells continued problems for her plaudits from her friends in big abortion Party that has shown itself to be out of her plaudits from her friends in big abortion with Main Street , USA . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 