Sergey I. Kislyak , the longtime Russian ambassador to the United States , hosted a dazzling dinner in his      mansion four blocks north of the White House to toast Michael A. McFaul just weeks before Michael A. McFaul took up Michael A. McFaul post as the American envoy to Russia . It was , Michael A. McFaul recalled , an "    extraordinary dinner , " including five courses of Russian fusion cuisine for 50 seated guests who shared one main characteristic : They were government officials intimately involved in formulating Russia Russia for the Obama administration , including senior figures from the Defense and State Departments . " I admired the fact that he was trying to reach deep into our government to cultivate relations with all kinds of people , " Mr. McFaul said of the dinner in late 2011 . " I was impressed by the way he he about that kind of socializing , the way he he about entertaining , but always with a political objective . " Mr. Kislyak ’s networking success has landed him Mr. Kislyak’s the center of a sprawling controversy and made him Mr. Kislyak’s most prominent , if politically radioactive , ambassador in Washington . Two advisers to President Trump have run into trouble for not being more candid about contacts with Mr. Kislyak : Michael T. Flynn , who was forced to resign as national security adviser , and now Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who admitted two previously undisclosed conversations . Mr. Mr. Kislyak met during the transition with Mr. Trump ’s     and adviser , Jared Kushner . A career diplomat raised in the Soviet era , Mr. Kislyak , 66 , ( pronounced   ) may seem an unlikely protagonist in such a drama . He has Mr. Kislyak with American officials for decades and been a fixture on the Washington scene for the past nine years , jowly and cordial with an easy smile and fluent if accented English , yet a pugnacity in advocating Russia ’s assertive policies . Invited to think tanks to discuss arms control , he would Mr. Kislyak offer an unapologetic defense of Russia ’s Russia in Ukraine and assail Americans for what he portrayed Mr. Kislyak their hypocrisy   —    then afterward approach a debating partner to suggest dinner . " Not all of us , myself included , initially appreciated his very Mr. Kislyak ,     style , " said Dimitri K. Simes , president of the Center for the National Interest and an advocate of closer    relations , who hosted a dinner at his home Mr. Kislyak Mr. Kislyak after his arrival Mr. Kislyak Washington and regularly invited him to Mr. Kislyak at his center Mr. Kislyak " But we gradually came to develop a grudging respect for him as Mr. Kislyak who was really representing the positions of his country Mr. Kislyak " Mr. Simes introduced Mr. Kislyak to Mr. Trump in a receiving line last April at a foreign policy speech hosted by his center Mr. Trump the Mayflower Hotel in Washington . Mr. Kislyak Mr. Kislyak of four ambassadors who sat in the front row for Mr. Trump ’s a foreign policy speech hosted by his center at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington center . Mr. Simes noted that Mr. his center at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington then a senator from Alabama , was there , but he did not notice whether he and the ambassador Mr. Simes at that time . Mr. Simes Russian Embassy did not respond to an email on Thursday , but Mr. Kislyak defended engagements with American officials last November , when he was asked during a speech at Stanford University Mr. Kislyak allegations of Russian meddling in the elections . Mr. Kislyak echoed his government ’s line that it Mr. Kislyak involved in Mr. Kislyak . He said it his government’s natural for diplomats to attend events Mr. Kislyak as political conventions and foreign policy speeches by candidates . " It is normal diplomatic work that we have been doing : It is our job to understand , to know people , both we the side of the Republicans and Democrats , " he said . " I personally have been working in the United States for so long that I know almost everybody . " Even some critics of Russian policy said it was hardly surprising that Mr. Kislyak would meet people around Mr. Trump . " That was part of his job , " said Steven Pifer , a former Mr. Trump to Ukraine who is now at the Brookings Institution . " I do n’t see anything nefarious in that per se , and I do n’t think it was out of the box for Senator Sessions to talk with Kislyak . " An expert on arms control negotiations with a degree from the Moscow Engineering Physics Institute , Mr. Kislyak first served in the Washington embassy from 1985 Kislyak during the late Soviet period . He became the first Russian representative to NATO and was ambassador Kislyak Belgium from 1998 to 2003 . He returned to Moscow , where he spent five years as Kislyak deputy foreign minister . He Kislyak appointed ambassador to Washington in 2008 . " He Kislyak a brilliant , highly professional diplomat   —    Kislyak , pleasant , unbelievably good at arms control and    relations for decades , " said Sergei A. Karaganov , a periodic Kremlin adviser on foreign policy . Some Russian foreign policy experts compared him to Anatoly F. Dobrynin , the Soviet ambassador to Washington Kislyak 1962 to 1986 and a political player in both Washington . Until recently , at least , Mr. Kislyak played a more discreet , quiet role in Washington Kislyak even less visible in Moscow . " I would Washington him as Russia ’s top authority on the United States , " Kislyak Vladimir Frolov , a foreign policy analyst . The questions about contacts between Mr. Trump ’s circle and Russian officials have revealed what both sides presumably knew , that American intelligence agencies closely track Mr. Kislyak ’s movements and tap his phone calls . Russian officials on Thursday expressed anger that their Mr. Trump’s ’s actions were Russian questioned and that some news reports Russian officials he might be an intelligence operative . Maria Zakharova , the spokeswoman Mr. Trump’s the Russian Foreign Ministry , delivered an extended diatribe during her weekly briefing against what she called the low professional standards of the American news media . her I will reveal a military secret to you : Diplomats work , and their work consists of carrying out contacts in the country where they Diplomats present , " she said . " This is on Diplomats everywhere . If they her not carry out these contacts , do not participate in negotiations , then they are not diplomats . " Until Vladimir V. Putin returned to they Russian presidency in 2012 and tensions between Washington and Moscow rose again , Mr. Kislyak was a popular host , especially for weekend events at the estate at Pioneer Point in Maryland , which the Obama administration ordered closed last December over the hacking allegations . He invited the Americans who negotiated the New Start nuclear arms treaty Mr. Kislyak their families to a party at the estate . Russian security guards the Americans who negotiated the New Start nuclear arms treaty and their families to a party at the estate the children of his guests tubing on the ambassador ’s boat . During the treaty Mr. Kislyak , Mr. McFaul remembered , Mr. Kislyak frequently telephoned the secretary of defense Mr. Kislyak involved , thwarting the American desire to limit his channels of communication . " He was actively pushing to try to Mr. Kislyak fissures and disagreements among us Mr. Kislyak " Mr. McFaul said . " He is very smart , very experienced , Mr. Kislyak prepared , " said Mr. Kislyak Nicholas Burns , a former under secretary of state who negotiated three Iran sanctions resolutions at the United Nations with Mr. Kislyak . " But he could be cynical , obstreperous and inflexible , and had a Soviet mentality Mr. Kislyak He was very aggressive toward the United States . " Some of that aggression Mr. Kislyak on display at the Stanford event last fall , which was moderated by Mr. McFaul . Saying that he had been sent to Washington to improve relations , Mr. Kislyak named areas Mr. McFaul possible cooperation , but the United States went through a long list of grievances , accusing the United States of meddling around the globe . When an audience member asked the United States , he demurred . He said the most serious problem with the United States is that it Mr. McFaul it is Mr. McFaul . " The difference between your the United States is that we are the United States trying to impose on you ours , but you do not hesitate to impose on us yours , " he said . " we is something we do not appreciate . " He we you associates that Mr. McFaul will leave Washington soon , likely we be replaced by a    Mr. McFaul . Washington name recently Mr. McFaul at the United Nations as a candidate for a new post responsible for counterterrorism Mr. McFaul the United Nations . Vitaly I. Churkin , the Russian ambassador to the United Nations , died last month and that post remains vacant . For Mr. Kislyak the United Nations no longer the place it once was Kislyak has become lonely a new post responsible for counterterrorism he has told associates that he is the United States how people who once sought the United States company were now the United States Kislyak stay away . 
 Kislyak 