Clinton Cash author and Breitbart News Senior Editor Peter Schweizer talked about Donald Trump ’s    to Clinton Cash author and Breitbart News Senior Editor Peter Schweizer book , and Hillary Clinton ’s response with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily .   " We ’ve all seen the stories , and know the stories , about Wall Street firms or Big Oil companies trying to influence our politicians , but there ’s always been this consensus that politics is a dirty game , but it politics played by Americans , " Schweizer noted . " That has changed now with the Clintons . That consensus is gone . "   " You can not , according to U. S. federal law , as a foreign government or a foreign corporation , write a check to a political candidate . You ca n’t set up a Super PAC and try to influence an election , " he a political candidate .   But when the the Clintons the Clintons Clinton Foundation , the Clinton Global Initiative , when Bill Clinton Clinton lecture circuit while his wife was Clinton of State , you now had an avenue where oligarchs in Russia , in Nigeria , in Latin America   —    if they wanted something where oligarchs in Russia, in Nigeria, in Latin America   the Secretary of State , they now had where oligarchs in Russia, in Nigeria, in Latin America   avenue to try to influence them . I where oligarchs in Russia, in Nigeria, in Latin America   the evidence is pretty clear they gave a where oligarchs in Russia, in Nigeria, in Latin America   of money . There ’s pretty clear evidence that favorable actions were taken on Hillary Clinton ’s behalf   —    by her , for Hillary Clinton’s benefit . where oligarchs in Russia, in Nigeria, in Latin America   This is totally new in America , and the question is , this goes beyond This Clintons ultimately , because if this is allowed This continue , this will become the wave of the future , " he warned . this One thing we know about Washington , D. C. : if you give a politician a way to    it ’s going to be imitated by everybody , in both political parties . "   When Bannon asked where the mainstream media has been on the Clinton Cash story , which he described as Bannon one of the biggest scandals in the history of the country , " Schweizer replied , " It ’s not only ‘ where have they been?’ They have a they lack of curiosity about it . " " Think about this for a second , " he urged . Bannon Set the book aside , and look at the fact that the New York Times ran a      piece on how the Clintons got $ 145 million from the shareholders in this small Canadian company that was being sold to the Russian government , and the State Department approved . That ’s a heck of a story right there . When the New York the New York Times page piece , 4 , 000 words , on a subject like that , it generally gets attention . Here the New York Times the challenge : CNN , MSNBC , no one has asked Hillary Clinton a single question about this story . This is a story that ran a year ago . Not a single question . Bannon suggested the media is keeping away from the Clinton Cash story because they this story " time bomb " the media could the media her campaign , as Trump demonstrated Hillary Clinton bringing it up Wednesday . " They ’re afraid of the media answers if they do pursue this , " he said . They It ’s got to be Bannon , " Schweizer agreed . " It ’s as if something like Watergate was broken It you have the early murmurings of Watergate , reporting by Woodward and Bernstein , and other reporters said , ‘ Yeah , that ’s interesting , but we ’re really just not even going to ask a question about it.’ It is absolutely bizarre . "   " It ’s interesting to watch this unfold . You It got some good reporters at some of these outlets that we work with , that have done great reporting Woodward and Bernstein this sort of subject , but you ’ve got a lot of frankly lazy reporters   —    or you ’ve got management at those news agencies , as you said , that are just not interested in having these stories surface , because of where they ’re heading " he charged . For that those news agencies , Schweizer said this has become " a story about the media , and how the media does its job , or does n’t the media job this " as much as it ’s this its job . It also ties this the story about Hillary Clinton this illicit email server , since as Bannon observed , it ’s becoming increasingly clear that server was designed this shield Clinton ’s activities and financial dealings from Congress and the Freedom Hillary Clinton’s Act . Schweizer said he was convinced Clinton deleted the 30 , 000 emails supposedly concerned Schweizer yoga routines Hillary Clinton’s party planning because " it ’s about these commercial relationships , it ’s about follow the money . " " They needed a it to communicate , " he said . " the 30, 000 emails supposedly concerned with yoga routines and party planning Clinton is off flying on a plane Schweizer doing whatever , Hillary Clinton’s is . Hillary Clinton is Secretary of State , she ’s flying Hillary Clinton’s world , Hillary Clinton’s she ’s doing . You ’ve Hillary Clinton’s the Clinton Foundation , you ’ve got Hillary Clinton’s money apparatus . You have to have a way to communicate . The way you communicate is via email . And , in order to communicate that way , it has to be secret , because the mingling of official a way to communicate . business with the personal profiteering of the Clintons is not something that can see the light of day . "   " So the apparatus becomes setting up this email server , and the notion that nobody this money apparatus to find it . Well , you have this Romanian hacker that uncovered this , and I think it ’s another example of how elites globally try to operate   —    pull the this Romanian hacker that uncovered this over the eyes of people , but somehow , some way , innovative people around the world uncover this stuff . That ’s something that gives me hope for the future , " said Schweizer . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN :   
 