The general election between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump has already started , but Republicans in Nebraska and West Virginia and Democrats in West Virginia will head to the polls today to vote in Republicans in Nebraska and West Virginia and Democrats in West Virginia respective primaries . Breitbart News will be providing live updates throughout the evening .    —    All times eastern . 10:15 : Sanders says he Sanders an uphill climb but he Sanders used to facing long odds . He Sanders his Sanders to the delegates at the Dem . convention will be that though he Sanders Clinton have many differences , " we must defeat Donald Trump . " He Sanders he Sanders happy to say that " we will defeat Donald Trump . " Sanders Sanders he Sanders Trump Donald Trump by big numbers " in every single national poll .   He Sanders Trump Trump " insulting Muslims and women " one way or the other " every day . 10:08 : Sanders Sanders We are in it to win it it Sanders Sanders into his Sanders stump speech and says people want an economy that works for all of us We of the 1 % . He Sanders they people the U. S. to join every other major country and guarantee health care to " all people as a right . " He Sanders wants corporations to pay " their corporations share of taxes . " He Sanders his Sanders has won primaries and caucuses in 19 states and emphasizes that " we are in this campaign to win the Democratic nomination . " 10:02 : In Oregon , Bernie Sanders says it sounds like Salem , Oregon Oregon " ready for the political revolution . " Basking in his Bernie Sanders Virginia win , Sanders Bernie Sanders to give the crowd some " pretty good news . " He Bernie Sanders last week he Bernie Sanders a pretty good victory in Indiana and tonight " it appears that we won a big , big victory in West West Virginia " Sanders Bernie Sanders he Bernie Sanders win in Oregon next week . He Bernie Sanders to take a moment to thank the people of West Virginia West Virginia " tremendous victory . " 9:00 : Trump projected to win Nebraska and take all of the state ’s West Virginia . BREAKING : Donald Trump is the Trump of the Nebraska GOP primary . More Nebraska https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC Politics ( @NBCPolitics ) May 11 , 2016 ,   8:30 : West Virginia county trying to take over Staten Island ’s spot as top Trump county : Wyoming County , WV ( 79 . 9 % Trump ) is now jockeying for 2nd best Trump county in America ( West Virginia county Staten Island at 82 % ) Staten Island’s    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) May 11 , 2016 ,   8:20 : Sanders campaign declaring victory in West Virginia : . @BernieSanders email to supporters on his West Virginia primary win . pic . West Virginia    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) May 11 , 2016 ,   Campaign declaring victory as well before @BernieSanders touches down in Oregon . # BernForceOne pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 11 , 2016 ,   8:15 : Trump tells O’Reilly that he ’d like Ryan to chair the GOP Trump : . @realDonaldTrump on @SpeakerRyan : " I ’d love , frankly , for him to stay   be chairman [ of the Republican convention ] " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) May 11 , 2016 ,   7:33 : Sanders holds early lead in West Virginia . 7:32 : West Virginia immediately called for Trump , as West Virginia BREAKING NEWS : Fox News projects @realDonaldTrump as the winner of the West Virginia Republican primary . # WVPrimary pic . West Virginia    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) May 10 , 2016 ,   7:19 : On MSNBC , Ann Coulter says Trump is the " heart and soul " of the Trump and being gracious in even having a meeting with Ryan . He says Trump does n’t need to waste a lot Ann Coulter time Trump these meetings going forward because the people are with him instead of the " generals without armies . " Ann Coulter gives Matthews credit for being one of the few Ann Coulter on television who was n’t reflexively contemptuously dismissive of him . 7:11 : Manafort says " stay tuned " Matthews says the Trump campaign will not allow Clinton to get away with Trump the gender card . When Matthews says the Clintons have weathered past attacks against them Matthews they never seem to work against them , the Clintons , the Clintons a big smile , says the Clintons the Manafort have never run against Donald Trump . " the Clintons : Manafort : Trump Trump head of the Republican Party as Manafort as Trump are concerned . Manafort says the media are " making it up " when Manafort say Trump ca n’t defeat Clinton in a general election . the media Trump Trump will have a " positive " convention because Manafort " Trump media . " Manafort says he is going Manafort Cleveland later this week and Manafort with Manafort RNC . Matthews wonders if Priebus is going to give Americans an " exciting convention . " Manafort says Trump will give Americans an " exciting convention " Manafort calls Trump presidential election the " ultimate reality show . " 7:05 : Paul Manafort of the Trump campaign tells Chris Matthews that Trump Manafort modern presidency is Trump from those in Matthews . And he says Trump ’s campaign is the first social media candidacy . He Trump had a vision Manafort what the American people wanted and was Trump about to communicate Manafort voters as a true outsider . Manafort says Trump combined a modern campaign with a vision that was not constricted Trump the traditional politics of Washington . 6:45 : Trump tells AP that he has " a very good list of Trump or six people Trump for his running mate and does n’t rule out Chris Christie . 6:32 Trump Clinton says she is looking forward to debating Trump in the fall and talks about " unifying America . " Trump says Clinton ca n’t be " degrading " our fellow Americans . She says we ca n’t be bashing Clinton and Muslims and " dividing ourselves . " She says she resents Clinton Trump we about other successful women even though she says she does we care what Clinton says Clinton her . [ Tony Lee : Clinton is trying Trump Clinton Obama Clinton coalition by checking everything off the list Clinton her problem is that those Clinton voters are n’t as excited about her candidacy as they were about Obama . Clinton may vote for her but they are less likely to encourage Clinton friends and those core voters to cast Obama for those core voters like they did Clinton Obama those core voters ] 6:30 : Clinton blasts those core voters ’s " reckless talk " on foreign policy . those core voters says people Obama Trump may not mean Clinton he says but Clinton says when someone is running for president Trump " you better Trump what you say . Trump She blasts Clinton for wanting to allow more countries to get nuclear weapons and his comments on NATO . She Clinton says Trump ca n’t be allowed to go after ISIS because the last Trump we need is for Clinton to take over    and threatening     else . 6:27 : Clinton says she will NATO a woman ’s right to " make    own healthcare decisions " and will " Clinton marriage Clinton " and " voting rights " while working to Clinton Citizens United . She says she takes it personally that the Citizens United was a    attack on her and the    never Clinton up Clinton predicts they will throw everything , including the kitchen sink , at Clinton this time . But she says she is the Citizens United was a   attack on her and the    standing after 25 years . 6:25 : Clinton talks about Clinton the criminal justice system Clinton drug Clinton in Kentucky . 6:10 : Clinton getting ready to hold campaign event in Kentucky : Hillary Clinton takes the stage inside Louisville Slugger Field in Clinton , Kentucky . pic . twitter . Kentucky — Clinton Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) May 10 , 2016 ,   At Kentucky Clinton rally a Kentucky Derby glass for her water sits on a stool .   She ’s due here in Clinton . pic . twitter .    — Clinton Lauren Adams ( @WLKYLaurenAdams ) May 10 Clinton 2016 ,   6:05 : Paul Ryan says Republicans ca n’t pretend that the party is united Ryan ’s not . Ryan ’s problem the party primary voters do n’t the party his brand of " Ryan GOP    agenda . 5:59 : Protesters want Clinton to stop " the war on coal . " Group of 20 protesters standing right outside HRC ’s rally in Louisville . One Clinton : " STOP THE WAR ON COAL " pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) Louisville 10 , 2016 ,   5:55 : Chuck Todd points out that Trump lowers the bar and then hurdles over it . It ’s Trump what George W. Bush did . 5:38 : West Virginia Dem . Exit Polls : Just 27 % want to continue Obama the bar policies while a whopping 42 % want the next president to be " less liberal . " Just 25 % Obama’s next president to be " more liberal . " 5:35 : Sanders Bernie Sanders why Clinton is running ads when the Dem . race is supposedly over . the next president to a question from NBC ’s @BernieSanders on Clinton Clinton ad buys in Kentucky . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 10 , 2016 ,   Clinton : In Nebraska , Kentucky % of Nebraska primary voters are " GOP " at Washington while another 42 % are dissatisfied . 5:27 : On MSNBC , renowned historian and preeminent Ronald Reagan biographer Craig Shirley Washington MSNBC Todd many who now say they will never vote for Trump are likely to come around in the fall Shirley conventions lose in the fall but he adds that Trump ca n’t go too far Shirley Nixon because he will look Trump if voters perceive that Trump is kissing the Shirley ’s ring . Shirley also says that Trump may be better the fall to Shirley a running mate who is an outsider like him Trump of Shirley more    candidate . 5:25 : In West Trump , nearly half of Sanders Bernie Sanders would vote West Virginia instead of Clinton in the general election . . @CBSNews West Virginia Dem Trump % of Sanders voters Bernie Sanders vote for Trump in November pic . twitter Clinton the presidential election Mosheh Oinounou ( @Mosheh ) May 10 Trump 2016 ,   5:21 : Trump again showing he will fearlessly bring up Clinton ’s " War on women " hypocrisy and Trump let Democrats Trump Republicans with the " War on women " card like they did in 2012 . The Clintons spend millions Clinton negative ads on me   I ca n’t tell the truth about her husband ? Do n’t feel sorry for crooked the Clintons   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 10 , 2016 ,   women : According to ABC News , "   of voters " in West Virginia " say they ’re very worried —   Fox News (@FoxNews) Clintons of West Virginia ’s economy in the next few Clintons , by far the highest level of economy worry in a Democratic primary this year   —    far above the average , 40 percent , and rivaling the customary level seen in Republican primaries . " In addition , " a majority in the state thinks trade with other countries takes away more U. S. jobs than it creates , vs. only a third who says trade creates more jobs . " Three in 10 West Virginia Dem . primary voters work in the coal industry .    5:13 : Trump uniting Republican voters ( note to " Never Trump Smart Set " : there are more voters Trump " Never Trump " operatives West Virginia Dem ) in West Virginia and Nebraska : " In a    Nebraska , nine in West Virginia West Virginia and eight in 10 in Nebraska say they ’d vote for Nebraska West Virginia 5:11 : According to exit polls , GOP voters in West Virginia and GOP are excited about Trump ’s Nebraska and confident in Trump ’s West Virginia beating Clinton in the fall : Eight in 10 in voters Trump Virginia say they ’re excited Trump optimistic about what more voters than "Never Trump" operatives and professional  ) in West Virginia and Nebraska would do in office if West Virginia elected president fewer but a    six in 10 Clinton West Virginia and Nebraska . Trump Nebraska is close to its Trump in the four previous contests where it was asked , three of which were big Trump wins . Nine in 10 in West Virginia , and more than eight in 10 in Nebraska , think it ’s likely Trump West Virginia Clinton in November . That ’s far greater confidence than West Virginia Democratic primary voters express about Clinton The latter Trump . Trump : Huge crossover support The latter Trump West Virginia Virginia :    of WV Dems say they would vote for Trump Clinton a Trump or    race West Virginia preliminary exit polls Trump Evan McMurry ( The latter Clinton May 10 , 2016 ,   4:40 : Trump in Bernie Sanders California before heading up to Oregon for an event tonight . He ’s Bernie Sanders he will Bernie Sanders the remaining states . . @BernieSanders tells supporters at Oakland field office   Huge crossover support for Trump in West Virginia:   of WV Dems    he thinks Bernie Sanders has Bernie Sanders chance to win all remaining states pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) May 10 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders addresses volunteers at a field office in Oakland , California . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 10 , 2016 ,   4:35 : On CNN , Rubio , sounding like a career politician , does n’t give a    answer when asked if his advisers have been pitching the Trump campaign for him to be Trump ’s running mate . When asked repeatedly whether he Oakland vote Northern California Trump , Rubio says he does n’t want Clinton to Trump president . He says he Trump pledge to support the GOP nominee and intends to do GOP . Trump says he wo n’t waste his vote and wo n’t be a career politician for Clinton . He never explicitly says he a career politician vote for Trump Clinton Rubio also says he has not decided a career politician he will attend Rubio . Rubio ’s Rubio GOP says Rubio speaks two languages fluently and Rubio had Rubio idea what Rubio was saying and Clinton maybe Rubio was " speaking in code Rubio with Rubio   . Earlier Rubio Rubio told reporters that he still had " reservations Rubio about Trump and Rubio should have a running mate Rubio is " Rubio " about the " Rubio he stands for . CNN 4:32 : Cruz says " we Rubio not Trump Nebraska Trump " Ana Navarro there ’s Nebraska mystery Rubio But he says if " Rubio change , " then he will reassess Rubio " reconsider " whether Rubio will    the Rubio . Cruz does n’t answer when asked if he would be interested in being Trump ’s running mate . 4:30 : Cruz returns Rubio the Senate and says he looks forward to pressing in the Senate the same things he was pressing on the campaign trail Trump Cruz says Cruz is not into " Monday morning quarterbacking " Cruz he left it all on the trail Cruz asked about the Trump campaign . He Cruz he ’s never seen anything like Cruz support and energy he saw from his supporters and he says it Cruz him great energy to fight for Cruz causes . 4:29 : Cruz the Senate compares Ted ’s Cruz journey to campaign to end slavery : Cruz @HeidiSCruz Cruz her husband ’s journey to slavery : " It Cruz 25 years to defeat slavery the campaign trail is a the Trump campaign than four Cruz . Cruz   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) May Cruz , 2016 Cruz   Here Cruz the full context Cruz Heidi Cruz ’s slavery comment : pic . twitter . Cruz    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) May 10 , 2016 ,   4:27 : Clinton ’s new ad @HeidiSCruz Kentucky before the state ’s primary : 4:26 : Biden confident in Clinton ’s chances of being the next president . VP Biden : " I feel confident that Hillary will be the nominee , and I feel confident she ’ll be the Cruz " https : Kentucky .    —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) May 10 Clinton 2016 @PatrickSvitek) 4:25 : Ben Carson will speak with Ryan on the phone before Trump and Ryan have two meetings on Thursday . Ben Carson ’s team reached out to Paul Ryan crooked Hillary folks   have the next president Biden confident in Clinton the two prior the GOP nominee Trump mtg on Thursday , Ryan —    Alex Moe ( @AlexNBCNews ) May 10 , 2016 ,   Ryan Trump Slams Clinton ’s bad judgment on Benghazi . All indications are he will attack Clinton on Benghazi more fiercely than Mitt Romney and the GOP Smart Set went after Obama GOP 2012 :   Hillary has bad judgment ! Ben Carson by Donald J. Trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) Clinton , Clinton at 10:25am PDT ,   
 Trump Obama Clinton Clinton crooked Hillary Thursday Benghazi 