GOP frontrunner Donald Trump launched a television attack ad against Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) in Florida titled " Corrupt Marco . " [ " Rubio ’s been a total    in the U. S. Senate with the worst voting record of all , " the ad states , after alleging Rubio used a Florida Republican Party credit card for personal gain . " Marco Rubio , another corrupt all talk , no action politician , " the ad concludes .   " Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is a dishonest person . Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio has cheated with credit cards and does favors for lobbyists . In my opinion , Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is a total crook and I am doing the people of Florida a great favor by further exposing Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio , " Trump stated in a press release on Monday . Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio went on : In addition to everything else , Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is an absentee Senator with one of the worst voting records in the history of the United States Senate , instead preferring to spend Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio time begging for campaign contributions . Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio takes Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio orders from the Republican establishment and Super PACs who are spending millions of dollars to keep Super PACs puppet alive and well so Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio will continue to do what Super PACs say . Former Prosecutor and now Governor of New Jersey , Chris Christie , exposed Former Prosecutor and now Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie on the debate stage for being what Former Prosecutor and now Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie is   —    a choke artist . We are now going a step further . The Trump campaign press release continued : Marco Rubio has violated numerous campaign promises , including on amnesty , betraying every Florida voter . Marco Rubio is    in Washington as nothing more than a " " for Marco Rubio corporate benefactors . A vote for Marco Rubio is a vote to put Marco Rubio ’s donors in charge of Florida . A close investigation of Marco Rubio friends and finances will reveal that he is Marco Rubio of the most corrupt politicians in Washington , D. Washington The ad , which can be viewed here , began airing on Monday . 
 