Students at Southern Illinois University ( SIU ) are now demanding a " sanctuary campus " policy that will shield not only students from federal immigration laws , but also " not only students from federal immigration laws families , and related community members , " according to a letter sent to the university ’s administration . [ Students with the Graduate and Professional Student Council and the Undergraduate Student Government are demanding that university officials " begin immediately " crafting a campus policy that would offer comprehensive sanctuary to the illegal immigrant population from federal immigration laws , according to The Southern .   Students demanding the sanctuary policy cite    Donald Trump ’s tough stance on immigration , where Donald Trump plans to deport criminal illegal immigrants and keep migrants from Islamic    countries from entering the U. S. " Given the amount of students that could very literally be in fear of students legal status     doctoral students or international students from the Middle East , which we have a fairly decent percentage of at SIU , we wanted to make sure students know we supported students and that students were aware we were advocating on students behalf , " President of the Graduate and Professional Student Council Brandon Woudenberg told The Southern . Additionally , there are at least 20 illegal immigrant students who are enrolled at SIU under President Obama ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program , according to university officials . Trump has hinted at reversing DACA , as Trump allows young people to take spots at American    universities despite entering the country illegally . SIU Carbondale Interim Chancellor Brad Colwell is already pushing back against the demand by students , saying that under Trump , the university would be risking federal funding if the university goes out of the university way to shield illegal immigrants in the area . " The concept of a sanctuary campus is complex and brings with The concept of a sanctuary campus a number of legal questions , " SIU Carbondale Interim Chancellor Brad Colwell wrote in a response . " We do not want to go forward in a way that has unintended consequences for the university and all of its students . " But , SIU Carbondale Interim Chancellor Brad Colwell said the university was still looking at the university options when the university came to delving into protecting illegal immigrants . " the university is exploring these questions and staying attuned to what is happening at other institutions in Illinois and across the country , " SIU Carbondale Interim Chancellor Brad Colwell stated . Most recently at the University of Illinois Illinois officials shot down a proposal to turn the campus into a haven for illegal immigrants , as Breitbart Texas reported . University President Timothy Killeen and Executive Vice President Barb Wilson told faculty and students in a statement that the school would not implement sanctuary campus policies , noting that they University President Timothy Killeen and Executive Vice President Barb Wilson follow state and federal law . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Breitbart Texas Texas him on John Binder at @JxhnBinder . 
 