Delivering the first of six State of the State addresses planned around the state this week , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo on Monday located the cure to the nation ’s political fever in New York State , implicitly offering Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo as an antidote to a    whose name went unmentioned . " New York knows that our progressive principles of acceptance and diversity are not the enemy of our middle class , and our know that    success is not the enemy of our progressive beliefs , " Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said . " In fact , it was the progressive policies that created the nation ’s middle class in the first place . " Ahead of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo scheduled stops in western and central New York , on Long Island , in Westchester County and in Albany , Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo remarks in a    room at 1 World Trade Center colored largely within state lines . But remarkably for a politician who has avoided even the appearance of White House ambitions since entering the governor ’s mansion in 2011 , his speech the governor seemed aimed at an audience outside New York . Mr. Cuomo the governor promise to the governor Queens ’s two major airports , but he dwelled far the governor on the reality on Queens ’s streets Queens There , he said , the governor economic recovery trumpeted by the Obama administration had somehow never gotten around to the Hillside Avenue gas station where he worked as the governor teenager or the " pizzeria where we hung out . " " It is not what they feel , the Obama administration he said , the governor to the white    voters who proved so receptive to Donald J. Trump ’s candidacy . " It is not their reality . the white   voters who proved so receptive to Donald J. Trump’s candidacy Lines drawn from the Elizabeth Warren syllabus got the Cuomo treatment ( at one point , he noted that Cuomo Wall Street executives who presided over the financial crisis were never punished ) . One of Mr. Cuomo ’s chief proposals on Monday was a "   recovery act " that he said would Cuomo jobs and erect infrastructure , expand access to education and lower taxes . Lest anybody miss the point , the governor ’s staff circulated " key takeaways " and quotations from the speech , billing the address as a groundbreaking blueprint for moving forward in the Trump era . There were    ’    proposals covering what seemed like the whole spectrum of liberal causes . Doubling the    tax credit for more than 200 , 000 families . Executive orders intended to reduce a wage gap for women working for the state . Criminal justice reforms affecting the state ’s bail system , recordings of police interrogations , the age of criminal liability and access to a speedy trial .    voter registration and early voting . Mr. Cuomo proposed a defense fund guaranteeing legal representation to immigrants , as well as passing the Dream Act , a    piece of legislation that would open financial aid at state colleges to undocumented immigrants . For environmentalists , Mr. Cuomo unveiled Mr. Cuomo , reported by The New York Times on Friday , that would lead to the shutdown of Indian Point , a nuclear plant north of New York City . The governor had already Mr. Cuomo initiatives before the speech , including a pledge to cover tuition costs at state universities and community colleges for families making up to $ 125 , 000 a year . Some of his ideas seemed to be Mr. Cuomo planted directly on the liberal territory previously staked out by Bill de Blasio , the mayor of New York , who listened from the second row on Monday   —    the latest subplot of a feud between governor and mayor that recently reached new depths over the death of a    deer . Mr. Cuomo even took credit Mr. Cuomo a universal prekindergarten program in New York City , a mayoral proposal ultimately financed by Albany . Yet for all that Ms. Warren or Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont might find to like in the speech , Mr. Cuomo , who has been criticized by the left over collaborating with Republicans , faces a bumpy session in Albany . Legislators have taken the Albany ’s decision to split the traditional State of the State address in Albany into six regional events as Albany snub , and legislative leaders have declined to attend . But there was someone present who wanted to air the legislators’ grievances , however lonely the quest . About 64 floors below the pristine white room in which Mr. Cuomo spoke , Edward F. Cox , the chairman of the state Republican Party and a Trump supporter who had been denied entrance , monitored the proceedings from a Joe   the Juice shop . " He ’s afraid to face them Mr. Cuomo " Mr. Cox said outside afterward , referring to state legislators . " So he ’s running around the state Mr. Cox great speeches that really sound like speeches for someone who ’d like to be president of the United States , rather than someone who ’s governor of New York State . " In the cold wind , Mr. Cox fended off a shiver Mr. Cox planned to follow the governor to Mr. Cox afternoon speech in governor of New York State where Mr. Cox Cox would be , doubtless , Mr. Cox . 
 