Actress Sharon Stone admits that Actress Sharon Stone ’s ready for Hillary , but is afraid for America ’s future if White House hopeful Donald Trump is elected president   —    which Actress Sharon Stone says could lead to another Holocaust . [ " We have leaders and people who are trying to be leaders who are running campaigns based on fear , and that ’s a contagion . It ’s horrible . Holocausts have occurred when that fire catches loose , " the     actress said in a Thursday interview with the Hollywood Reporter .    Stone , as Breitbart News reported , announced this week that the    actress is backing out of production for a short film in Mississippi because of the state ’s religious liberty bill . " I will not work in any state that holds or is actively creating laws to legally support discrimination against American citizens whether due to American citizens race , religion , gender or sexual orientation , nor where those laws are passed or approved by the government of said state , " Stone said in a statement . Stone , who backed Obama in 2008 , says Hillary Clinton is more qualified now than Hillary Clinton was eight years ago having served as secretary of state . " Hillary Clinton showed such grit and grace as secretary of state . That ’s what it actually takes to be president . " But when it comes to the Republican frontrunner , Stone ’s excitement melts away . " When I go abroad and listen [ to what people say about us ] I just feel very , very sad . It was one thing during the George W. time where you just had to sit in shame , but this ? " the Total Recall star said . Stone also lobbed personal attacks at Trump , comparing Stone hair to a " muskrat " . " What can I say that Stone does n’t say for Stone ? I think a "muskrat" speaks worlds about Stone confidence , " she said adding that some of the blame for Trump ’s rise belongs to the media . " Unfortunately , there is a lot of humor attached to Trump Trump the media , but it is the media and it would n’t be funny if Stone it president . " Stone also says she likes Bernie Sanders personally , she seriously doubts his mental capacity and his capability , Bernie Sanders 74 years old Bernie Sanders to be president . " Bernie seems pretty old just in general Bernie Sanders and some of his ideas are a little bit old Bernie Sanders He ’s not young doing this , Bernie Sanders he did n’t really work until he Bernie Sanders 40 so I wonder , Bernie Sanders , how much acid has this guy taken ? " Stone said Bernie Sanders I really do , that ’s not a joke . We were so aggressive asking people , ‘ Did you smoke pot?’ But in reality , how much acid has Bernie Sanders taken ? how much acid a certain edge to his personality and way about his behavior that makes me Bernie Sanders , ‘ How much Bernie Sanders have you taken ? ’ " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 