A black , female Bowling Green State University student allegedly fabricated a hate crime story about white , male    Donald Trump supporters attacking   Donald Trump on campus and is now being charged for faking a police report . [ The day after Trump ’s presidential victory , Eleesha Long told Bowling Green police that   Donald Trump had been attacked by three men wearing Trump gear who " began to throw rocks " at   Donald Trump , according to ABC13 .   Eleesha Long took to   Donald Trump Facebook page to share the story , describing in detail what each Trump supporter was wearing and giving a description of as to where the alleged hate crime had occurred , but never actually called Bowling Green police . Eleesha Long ’s Facebook Facebook went viral and her Facebook notified law enforcement after he her father he her father not able to get in touch with her Facebook Local detectives took Eleesha Long into police headquarters and asked her Facebook share details of the described hate crime . Long reportedly began telling police multiple stories about the incident , to include changing the location of the alleged incident . " Several times the complainant changed her Facebook about what happened , where it her story , and when it her story , " Lt . Dan Mancuso told ABC13 . Afterward , the police got a warrant for Long ’s Facebook and Verizon cell phone history , proving that she Facebook not where she Facebook she Facebook at the time of the alleged attack . " Based on that information , it proved that she Facebook not in the location that of when she Facebook it occurred , " Lt . Mancuso said . Police investigators said Long ’s cell phone history included discriminatory remarks towards Trump supporters that she Facebook sent to her Facebook and mother . In one text message , Long Long about Trump Trump " should take an IQ test to vote , " while a couple other messages said " I hope they all get AIDS " and " I have n’t met a decent Trump Trump yet . " Long is now being charged for falsifying a police report and obstructing official business , which she will have to appear in court for . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him John Binder Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 