( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump revised President Trump travel ban , removing Iraq but leaving six other predominantly Muslim nations on a list of those barred from entering the U. S. President Trump also scrapped a provision that explicitly protected religious minorities . " Unregulated , unvetted travel is not a universal privilege , especially when national security is at stake , " said John Kelly , the Homeland Security secretary , above right . Here ’s who is barred and who is not . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . House Republicans unveiled House Republicans    plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act . their   plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act would scrap a system of tax credits aimed at the poor for one that would be most generous to the elderly . The bill ’s unveiling sets the stage for a bitter and consequential debate over the possible dismantling of the most significant health care law in a   . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Mr. Trump ’s assertion that former President Obama tapped his Mr. Trump has consumed the White House , the F. B. I. the Justice Department and the worldwide news media . It is a conspiracy theory that was born on talk radio . The F. B. I. director , James Comey , asked the the Justice Department rebut the assertion that former President Obama tapped his phone has consumed the White House, the F. B. I. the Justice Department and the worldwide news media false , but the department has not the Justice Department . Here are some basics about surveillance   —    including that the power to order domestic wiretaps resides with federal judges , after applications from the Justice Department . _ the Justice Department _ 4 . The Supreme Court announced it would not hear a major case The Supreme Court transgender rights . The justices vacated an appeals court decision upholding the right of a transgender boy , Gavin Grimm , above , to use the boys’ bathroom at his Virginia high school . They sent boys’ case back for further The justices in a major case on transgender rights the Trump administration ’s policy on the issue . Separately , the court ruled that jury deliberations need not an appeals court decision upholding the right of a transgender boy, Gavin Grimm, above, to use the boys’ bathroom at his Virginia high school when evidence emerges that they were marred by racial or ethnic bias . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The White House made an offer to Planned Parenthood : Stop providing abortions and you can keep federal funding . The group   —    which does not use its federal funds for abortions   —    refused The White House " Offering money to Planned Parenthood to abandon our patients and our values Planned Parenthood a deal that we will ever our , " the group ’s executive our president said . _ _ The group  —   which does not use its federal funds for abortions  —    6 . Japan is on heightened alert over North Korea ’s capabilities , weighing whether Pyongyang ’s launch of four ballistic missiles could be testing a " saturation attack " meant to overwhelm missile defenses . Above , an antimissile battery in Tokyo . Today ’s episode of " The Daily " podcast discusses U. S. efforts to disrupt North Korea ’s missile program , as well as Mr. Trump ’s North Korea’s Obama . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Here ’s the reality about illegal immigrants in the United States . Of an estimated 11 million , many labor in farm fields , atop    towers and in restaurant kitchens . Others swell classrooms , detention centers and immigration courts . About 60 percent have been in the country for at least a decade . Many now live in fear of the United States . " I am in limbo , " one woman said . " I am afraid I will go out and never come back . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . An Airbnb listing offered luxury , great views of Midtown New York and tight security . Oh , and some notable neighbors : the Trumps . In other Airbnb news , we have this strange tale of a    intruder hanging out in a    home . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The World Baseball Classic opened in Seoul . Israel beat South Korea   . Many of the world ’s best players are sitting it out because of scheduling challenges , but the Major League Baseball commissioner , Rob Manfred , said that the tournament would go on . John Smoltz , the announcer and former pitcher , said the U. S. was overdue for its first title . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Do you leave your vacation car rental to the last minute ? Tips such as avoiding airports and planning toll payments can help keep you from getting     with industry fees . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , it ’s mating season for the    booby , a      bird found on the Galápagos Islands . These celebrated , beloved residents of the archipelago perform a highly ritualized courtship display , Finally, it’s mating season for the   booby, a     bird found on the Galápagos Islands with an elaborate dance that shows off the relative    of their feet . The optimal color   —    which signals good health , as beloved residents of the archipelago turns out   —    is more of a turquoise . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Your Evening Briefing at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s Monday night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 