The House Freedom Caucus released a report Wednesday : " The First 100 Days : Rules , Regulations and Executive Orders to Examine , Revoke and Issue , " with more than 200 federal rules and regulations that    Donald J. Trump could wipe off the books as soon as   Donald J. Trump takes office Jan. 20 . [ " These last eight years , we have seen a disturbing trend of the federal government unnecessarily inserting themselves more and more into the lives of hardworking Americans   —    and the results have been economically disastrous , " said Rep. Mark R. Meadows ( R. . C. ) who is slated to take over the leadership of the House Freedom Caucus in the next session of Congress .   One of the 232 rules and regulations the caucus targets is the National Organic Standards Board , a program that costs the organic food industry $ 256 million , with a board that meets     as the organic food industry did in November at the historic Chase Park Plaza Hotel in St. Louis , Missouri . Two rules the Securities and Exchange Commission issued in July would save business a tremendous amount of money . Eliminating the " Rules for Security Swap Dealers " would save businesses $ 210 million , and getting rid of the SEC ’s rules for " Business Continuity Plans " would lift a burden of $ 1 . 4 billion . Some of the rules and regulations could be done with the stroke of the pen , such as rules published in August for the National Environmental Policy Act , which the president could simply rescind . The same is true for closing the    Bank , which was created by President Franklin D. Roosevelt by Executive Order 6581 . According to the report , the Congressional Budget Office pegs losses from the bank at $ 2 billion . Regulations associated with " Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Effciency Standards for    and    Engines and    2 "   cost the economy $ 11 billion , the report said . Many of the suggestions were not about costs , but about changing course with policy , such as moving the American Embassy to Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , which would presumably cost more money than it would save . The move has been a familiar campaign promise for other candidates , but it The move like one Trump is committed to keeping —   based on Thursday ’s announcement that attorney David Friedman would be Trump ’s envoy to Israel . Friedman attorney David Friedman , " I am deeply honored and humbled by the confidence placed in me attorney David Friedman    Trump to represent the United States as its the United States to Israel Israel I intend to work tirelessly to strengthen the unbreakable bond between our two countries and advance the cause of peace within the region , and look forward to doing this from the U. S. embassy in Israel Israel eternal capital , Jerusalem . " Another foreign policy objective would be achieved when Trump   Trump the the United States of international programs that fund and encourage abortion , the    Mexico City Policy . President Ronald W. Reagan banned federal support for international abortion programs , but the policy was the   Mexico City Policy President William J. Clinton in 1993 , reinstated by President George W. Bush in 2001 , and then reversed by President Barack Obama Jan. 23 , 2009 . Nineteen of the actions suggested in the report would reverse the president ’s amnesty for illegal aliens , along with directions to prosecutors that they pass on bringing prosecutors aliens into the courts . Not all the targeted rules were established by Democrats . One of the recommendations would reverse Bush ’s Executive Order President George W. Bush which restricts access to presidential records —   a rule supported by Obama . Meadows has been in touch with members of the Presidential Transition Team and he intends to encourage and President George W. Bush with the new administration to roll back these regulations within the first 100 days of the   ’s term . " When the American people spoke on Nov. 8 , they provided conservatives with an the American people to restore order in our government and to remove the     bureaucratic red tape that so often stunts the growth of otherwise successful Americans , " the congressman said . " President George W. Bush and I look forward to helping    Trump in any way we can as we work toward the most productive we first 100 days’ in modern history,’ " Meadows said . " To the working people , who have felt the burden of these last eight years so heavily   —    help is on the way . " The full report : " First 100 Days : Rules , Regulations , and Executive Orders to Examine , Revoke , and Issue . " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Mark Meadows ( @RepMarkMeadows ) December 14 , 2016 ,   
 