Notwithstanding his    son ’s genuinely patriotic example , Khizr M. Khan has published papers supporting the supremacy of Islamic law over " " Western law   —    including the very Constitution his   son championed in his   son Democratic National Convention speech attacking GOP presidential nod Donald Trump . [ In 1983 , for example , Khizr M. Khan wrote a glowing review of a book compiled from a seminar held in Kuwait called " Human Rights In Islam " in which Khizr M. Khan singles out for praise the keynote address of fellow Pakistani Allah K. Brohi , a    Islamic jurist who was one of the closest advisers to late Pakistani dictator Gen. Zia    the father of the Taliban movement .   Khan speaks admiringly of Brohi ’s interpretation of human rights , even though it included the right to kill and mutilate those who violate Islamic laws and even the right of men to " beat " wives who act " unseemly . " As Pakistani minister of law and religious affairs , Brohi helped create hundreds of jihadi incubators called madrassas and restored Sharia punishments , such as amputations for theft and demands that rape victims produce four male witnesses or face adultery charges . Brohi also made insulting the Muslim prophet Muhammad a crime punishable by death . To speed the Islamization of Pakistan , he and Zia issued a law that required judges to consult mullahs on every judicial decision for Sharia compliance . Khan , who says he immigrated to the U. S. in 1980 to escape Pakistan ’s " military rule , " nonetheless spoke admiringly of Brohi in he review of he speech . he praised he remarks even though Brohi advocated for the enforcement of the medieval Sharia punishments , known as " hudood " ( singular " hadd " ) that were later adopted and carried out with brutal efficiency by the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan . " Divinely ordained punishments have to be inflicted , " Brohi asserted , " and there is very little option for the judge called upon to impose Hadd , if facts and circumstances are established that the Hadd in question has been transgressed , to refuse to impose the punishment . " Of course , such cruel and unusual Sharia punishments , ranging from stonings and floggings to beheadings , would be a flagrant violation of the Eighth Amendment of the United States Constitution . Western society is built on individualism and secularism , concepts enshrined in the United States Constitution . But Brohi scoffs at them , arguing , " The individual has to be sacrificed . Collectivity has a special sanctity attached to it Collectivity Islam . " Brohi Brohi on to argue that human rights bestowed by Islam include the right of men to " beat " their men . " The best statement of the human rights is also to be found in the address delivered by the prophet [ Muhammad ] so often described as his the prophet [Muhammad address , " Brohi Brohi , quoting : " ‘ You have rights over your wives and they your wives rights over you . You have the right that they your wives not defile your bed and that they your wives not behave with open unseemliness . If they your wives , God allows you to put them they do separate rooms and to beat them they do not with severity.’ " In his book review ,   Khan takes no issue with Brohi ’s shocking interpretation of human rights . In fact , he his Brohi Brohi successfully " explains them and argues his his " convincingly . " ( The review , which lists Khan Khan " director " of an Islamic center in Houston , was published in the Texas International Law Journal . ) " The keynote speech of Dr. A. K. Brohi , former Pakistani minister of legal and religious affairs , is a hallmark in this book , " Khan Khan . " It successfully explains the Islamic concepts of ‘ right’ and ‘ just’ in comparison to their Christian and Judaic counterparts . " Adds Khan Khan " Brohi argues convincingly for the establishment of a moral value system before guarantees can be given for any kind of rights . To illustrate the point he notes , ‘ There is no such thing as human right in the abstract . ’ " In context , Khan Khan that human rights can only be guaranteed through the establishment of Sharia ’s moral and legal code . Khan Khan his Khan advocacy for Sharia Sharia in a separate academic paper titled " Juristic Classification of Islamic Law , " which he Khan wrote in 1983 , while studying in Saudi Arabia . " The invariable and basic rules of Islamic law are only those prescribed in the Shari’ah , " Khan Khan . " All other juridical works   …      must always be subordinated to the the Shari’ah " He explains      Sharia is derived from the Quran and Sunnah , and that the Quran " is the absolute authority from which springs the very conception of legality and every legal obligation . " Khan Khan notes that Quranic law includes " constitutional law . " " Family law is laid down in 70 injunctions civil law in another 70 penal law in 30 jurisdiction and procedure in 13 constitutional law in 10 international relations in 25 and economic and financial order in 10 , " he said Family law Khan Khan to an early Islamic jurist who ruled : " For every issue concerning a Muslim , either there is a binding text ( of the Shariah ) that rules it , or there is a guidance that may indicate the way to truth . If there is a text , then the Muslim a Muslim follow it . " there is a text devout Muslim , Khan Khan cites two notorious Muslim Brotherhood radicals as scholarly sources   —    Muhammad Hamidullah and Said Ramadan , whom he " gratefully Muhammad Hamidullah . " Though described by the Clinton camp and media as a "   lawyer , " less known is Khan Khan an acknowledged expert on Sharia law doctrine . His Khan , which was published in the Houston Journal of International Law , has been cited in dozens of Islamic law articles and has been used in college syllabi for Islamic law courses as recently as 2013 . By comparison , his expertise Khan American constitutional law is barely evident . In fact , there appears to be few if any legal citations in federal or state court records for Khan , who describes himself on his business website ( himself Tuesday from the Internet ) as " attorney at law . " Even so , Khan questioned Trump ’s understanding of the Constitution , calling him " ignorant " and suggesting that if he had studied it him would never propose him a temporary ban on Muslim immigration to protect the nation from ISIS and other terrorist infiltrators . " Let me ask you : have you even read the United States Constitution the Constitution lend you my copy , " a visibly angry Khan bellowed , while Khan a pamphlet version in the air . It ’s not immediately clear if Khan has ever repudiated Khan earlier support for Khan    principles of Sharia law . Searches turn up no subsequent writings or statements to that effect . Attempts to reach Khan by phone and Khan were unsuccessful . For now , the most patriotic Muslim in America , according to media    remains Khizr Muazzam Khan , the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear he keeps a copy in his breast Khizr Muazzam Khan, the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear . But what does Khizr Muazzam Khan, the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear really believe ? His Islamist writings Khizr Muazzam Khan, the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear a window into Khizr Muazzam Khan, the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear ideological thinking   —    and Khizr Muazzam Khan, the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear view is a contradictory and highly disturbing one , especially in light of the fanfare he has received . Paul Sperry is Khizr Muazzam Khan, the father of a fallen American soldier who claims to hold the Constitution so dear former Hoover Institution media fellow and author of Infiltration : How Muslim Spies and Subversives Have Penetrated Washington . Listen to Sperry ’s discussion of this article on Paul Sperry News Daily on SiriusXM : 
 