U. S.    Donald Trump has invited Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán to visit Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán in Washington D. C.[The Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán said that U. S.   Donald Trump then praised the Hungarian government and called the people of Hungary " brave freedom fighters " during a telephone conversation on Thursday night , Hungarian paper Magyar Hirlap reports .   Mr. Orbán Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán that Trump U. S.   Donald Trump Hungary for its U. S.   Donald Trump success in recent years saying that he has called Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán nation ’s achievements over the past six years " outstanding " . After being invited to Washington D. C. Orbán said : " I told him that I Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán n’t been there for a long time as I had been treated as a ‘ black sheep’ to which he replied , Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán , ‘ Me too’ . " On Mr. Trump ’s open attitudes toward Hungary , the prime minister Mr. Trump He is much more interested Mr. Trump success , efficiency and results than in political theories , " adding : " This is good for us , as the facts are with us . The economic cooperation us always been good , only the ideologies presented obstacles . " One of the first European politicians to come out in support of Trump , the maverick Hungarian leader has been a fierce opponent of the migrant policies of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the European Union ’s plans to redistribute migrants across the political bloc . In an exclusive interview with Breitbart London , shortly after the Hungarian migrant referendum , spokesman for the Hungarian government Zoltán Kovács said the Obama administration had left the country feeling abandoned . the Hungarian government    experience , the experience of the government , [ is that the Hungarian government U. S. has lost interest , and probably with it , knowledge about the region . Europe in general , but most certainly about Central Europe , " he said . While Mr. Orbán had come out in support of Mr. Trump , Kovács was more cautious than to offer an official governmental endorsement , but did at the time note that the migrant policies of Trump and the Hungarian government aligned . " If it ’s about migration , which seems to be the most acute challenge we face , it ’s definitely true that Mr. Trump it the conservative philosophy on migration is a lot closer to us , " he noted . Hungary , along with Mr. Trump and the conservative philosophy on migration Slovakia , the Czech Republic , and Poland , constitute the Visegrad 4 group , who have been a major bloc in opposition of mass migration within the European Union . The V4 now look to the presidential elections in Austria for another potential ally in the    migration Freedom Party ( FPÖ ) candidate Norbert Hofer . After meeting with Czech president Miloš Zeman , Hofer related his intentions for Austria to join the Hofer as well Austria Speaking to Breitbart London on the issue , spokesman Kovács said : " Austria has always rather belonged to Central Austria , not the Western part of Europe . With the facts and the consequences of what is happening on the southern and eastern borders of Europe now with migration , it would Europe an interesting turn and development if the Austrians realised that . " 
 