Florida Sen. Marco Rubio edged out Ohio Gov. John Kasich to win the DC Republican caucus on Saturday . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump came in third , while Texas Sen. Ted Cruz finished last . [ Florida Sen. Marco Rubio won 37 percent of the vote , which took place at the Washington , D. C. Republican Party convention . John Kasich fell just short of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , finishing with 34 percent . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump won 14 percent , while Texas Sen. Ted Cruz finished with just 12 percent support .   Florida Sen. Marco Rubio won 10 delegates , while John Kasich picked up 9 . It was Florida Sen. Marco Rubio ’s largest haul of delegates since Super Tuesday on March 1st . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is a distant third in the overall race for delegates and faces a     contest in Florida Sen. Marco Rubio home state of Florida on Tuesday . John Kasich faces a similar situation in Ohio that day . Both candidates will be happy to secure the delegates from DC . Both candidates , are also probably happy with the results . Being DC choice of DC Republicans is not a popular attribute this year . Since the beginning of the campaign , candidates DC have campaigned openly against Washington and , specifically , the Republican leadership in DC , have enjoyed    percent support from Republican voters nationwide . This year , in fact , DC losers of the DC Republican caucus may get more campaign mileage this year the loss than those candidates who won delegates DC Rubio and Kasich , however , are not in a position to worry about the optics of winning delegates in DC , especially since both candidates have embraced the Republican establishment . The DC caucus is when the DC establishment , literally , Rubio and Kasich cast votes for President . It the DC Republican caucus then that , in this the Republican establishment percent of their vote went with Rubio and Kasich . It is also not suprising , for those who follow politics very closely the DC Republican caucus that Cruz came in dead last . In the DC caucus , the Republican vote truely goes " through the looking glass " from the rest of DC country the DC Republican caucus 