Milo Yiannopoulos’ event at DePaul University had to be cut short Tuesday night after protesters stormed the stage , blew whistles , grabbed the microphone out of the interviewer ’s hand , and threatened to punch Yiannopoulos in the face . [    Yiannopoulos attempted to continue Milo Yiannopoulos’ event at DePaul University , but protesters refused to leave the stage and the group of security guards ( which DePaul forced both the organisers and Breitbart to pay for ) refused to intervene . The male ringleader continued to pace along the stage with his The male ringleader , refusing to let Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos for extended amounts of time , while the female ringleader forcibly snatched the microphone from the interviewer ’s hand and shouted at Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos inches away from his the female ringleader . The The male ringleader " Feel the Bern " and chanted against Donald Trump , whilst the female ringleader the female ringleader Lives Matter " .   Responding to the amount of black female protesters who had turned up , Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos that it was because he had sex The male ringleader their brothers . " I the amount of black female protesters who had turned up it 20 minutes " announced Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos " The black incarceration rates are about to go up " .    They tried to move a The black incarceration rates lady when they realized she ’s with The black incarceration rates blacks a white lady let her stay # The black incarceration rates # a white lady pic . twitter .    —    Furby . jpg ( @duckspeakeasy ) May 24 , 2016 ,   The female ringleader also claimed that she had been silenced " a white lady 200 years " prompting Yiannopoulos to question how the supposed 200    protester looked so young .   After an extended period of time , the crowd started to chant " Do your job " at security , who remained at the back of the venue for the entire event . When security refused to intervene , Yiannopoulos posed for pictures with Yiannopoulos in the audience , and ordered the crowd to follow him the crowd college president Yiannopoulos office . Milo protest walk https :   .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) May 25 , 2016 ,   " I suggest we walk to the president ’s office and complain the college president’s office express how you feel to the president about we safety " he remarked . . @nero Yiannopoulos the party outside after inaction from spineless cops pic . twitter .    —    Furby . jpg ( @duckspeakeasy ) May 24 , 2016 ,   After Milo and most of the crowd left in a march for the president ’s office , a minor scuffle the college president’s fans occurred the college president’s office . Black Lives Matter and Milo fans chanted against each other outside the venue , with Milo ’s fans chanting " USA " and " Breitbart ! " More @nero    in Milo . pic . twitter .    —    Will Ross ( @SawmillLoris ) May 25 , 2016 ,   Outside the event , mayhem continued , with Milo ’s    audience clashing with a huge crowd of    activists . One attendee , Matt Milo , was grabbed by activists as he attempted to film the march . SJW protesters assaulting people who came to see @Nero speak at # DePaul . # depaulagainsthate pic . twitter .    —    Matt Forney ( @basedmattforney ) May 25 , 2016 ,   Yiannopoulos confirmed to his followers that he had not suffered harm and blasted the school ’s security officers for their Yiannopoulos to intervene Yiannopoulos LIVE on # Periscope : I ’m alive ! https :   the school’s security officers    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) May 25 , 2016 ,   Appalling that @DePaulU security , which I paid for , refused to remove a man from stage who threatened to hit me .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) May 25 , 2016 ,   More to follow —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ Milo ’s discussion of this on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 : 
 