In Pope Francis packed    trip to Mexico , Pope Francis did n’t wait long to address one of the more controversial topics of Pope Francis visit —   immigration —   calling it " the challenge of our age . " [ In an address to a group of Mexican bishops , Pope Francis expressed Pope Francis appreciation for " everything you are doing " to confront this challenge , and urged this challenge to team up with bishops from north of the border to offer ongoing pastoral care to those who leave this challenge homeland .   " There are millions of sons and daughters of the Church who today live in the diaspora or who are in transit , journeying to the north in search of new opportunities , " Francis said . " Many of those who leave their homeland have left behind those who leave their homeland roots in order to brave the future , even in clandestine conditions which involve so many risks . " " So many families are separated and integration into a supposedly ‘ promised land’ is not always as easy as some believe , " Francis said . The Pope avoided the question of immigration policy , stressing rather the pastoral responsibility of priests and bishops to care for the faith of those who are far from home . The Pope invited bishops not to forget members of their flock bishops have gone abroad , insisting rather that they need bishops " capable of following these men and women and reaching them beyond these men and women borders . " " Strengthen the communion with your brothers of the North American episcopate , so that the maternal presence of the Church can keep alive the roots of the faith of these men these men and women well as the motivation for their hope and the power these men and women their charity , " he these men and women . Francis suggested that much of what the Church has to offer the Church understanding of the universal brotherhood the Church all humanity under the fatherhood of God , asking the bishops to witness together with the U. S. bishops that " the Church is the custodian of the Church vision of humanity and that she can not consent to being reduced to a mere human ‘ resource . ’ " The Pope is expected to return to the topic of immigration , especially on the final day of his visit . Next Wednesday , Francis Pope visit the border town of Ciudad Juárez , The Mass place at El Punto , a large field near Benito Juarez Stadium and just a short distance from the U. S. border . Organizers say that tickets will be furnished to Catholic parishes on both sides of the border for those who want to attend the Mass. The venue holds approximately 220 , 000 people . " During Mass , Pope Francis will undoubtedly call attention to many realities that are lived on both sides of our U. S.   border , particularly the plight of so many migrants and refugees fleeing violence and The Mass in their home countries , in search of better lives for themselves and their children , " said El Paso Bishop Mark J. Seitz in a statement . Last week , Presidential candidate Donald Trump criticized the pontiff ’s stance on immigration , calling him a " their political their " who is being exploited by Mexico at America ’s expense . On Fox Business Network Thursday morning , Stu Varney reminded Donald Trump that the Pope is going " Presidential candidate Donald Trump stand at the border " with migrants , and asked for his take on the matter . " I think that the Pope is a very political Presidential candidate Donald Trump " Trump said , suggesting that he thinks the Pope is being used by Mexico to advance its interests Presidential candidate Donald Trump the United States . " I think he does the Pope the problems our country has , " Presidential candidate Donald Trump continued . " I Presidential candidate Donald Trump n’t think the Pope the danger of the open border Presidential candidate Donald Trump we have with Mexico . And I think Mexico Presidential candidate Donald Trump him to do it because Mexico wants Mexico the Presidential candidate Donald Trump just the way it is because they Presidential candidate Donald Trump making a fortune and we ’re losing . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Mexico @tdwilliamsrome 
 Presidential candidate Donald Trump Mexico Mexico we 