Sexual assault of women en masse was unheard of in modern Germany since the rape of Berlin in 1945 , following the invasion of Soviet troops . But it became an abrupt reality again in 2016 . [ The news from Cologne shocked Europe , though the incidents were at first covered up to protect migrants . Police reports show that more than 2 , 000 men were involved in the sexual assaults . Only 120 of more than 2, 000 men were ever identified by the authorities . Those who were found were given suspended sentences of a year or less .   Both the scale of the crimes committed and the nationalities , religion and ethnicities of the assailants were obscured by both government and the media . Similar attacks in Hamburg and Stuttgart were simply not reported by journalists at all . But recent interviews with victims have revealed the scale of the horrors recent interviews with victims endured . One     woman recounts : " recent interviews with victims were everywhere with recent interviews with victims hands . I had fingers in every orifice . I screamed the entire time . " Women report having Women underwear ripped off and being pushed to the ground after being circled by up to 50 men . One policeman described these events as rapes accompanied by thefts and robbery . There are several reasons these attacks have not been reported on , or been reported on inaccurately . Firstly , the German police force itself covered these attacks up . The Cologne police report released on January 1 , described New Year ’s Eve as " peaceful " and " relaxed . " Even more astonishingly , an interviewee on Polish state TV has claimed CCTV footage of Cologne was deleted by senior police officers . Germans are n’t surprised by such reports any more . According to the tabloid Express , the government is trying to find and prosecute a leaker in Germans own ranks who gave the press confidential information   —    namely , that the government requested that Police did not include the word " rape " in their Cologne Police . The German media has been complicit in these machinations .    ZDF initially refused to report on the incidents for reasons that remain unclear . After a massive wave of criticism and mockery on social media the broadcaster was forced to issue a public apology , after which the ZDF ZDF ZDF on Cologne , Cologne not on similar incidents in Stuttgart and Hamburg . Among the German population there are now repeated accusations that German media has German agenda set by the government and that it sets editorial the government in line with the government ’s the government are dictated by politics and ideology . These allegations may have merit , if the former head of ZDF Bonn Dr. Wolfgang Herles and the WDR Journalist Claudia Zimmermann are to be believed   —    although the latter later retracted her statement . Additionally , scandals like ZDF lying about Vladimir Putin ZDF one of their documentaries , to garner support against him , are being revealed Vladimir Putin This has raised suspicions even further , to the point where its critics , citizens and This alike openly call ZDF a "   propaganda ZDF . " Lack of coverage is n’t the only issue at play . Many German media outlets refused to name or indicate the ethnic origin or religious affiliations of the assailants , fearing that they would feed racist and Many German media outlets sentiment . The Police did the same and it was only later revealed that they were under orders not The Police anyone about the criminal activities of migrants . Some politicians on the left and some parts of the media still refuse to acknowledge that it was overwhelmingly refugees and Muslim migrants , as stated by the chief prosecutor Ulrich Bremer , committing these sexual assaults . Others go so far as to attempt to    the issue . It has become clear that the issue are not isolated incidents driven by " toxic masculinity . " Yet Claudia Roth , a member of Germany ’s Grüne party and Vice President of the Bundestag said the following : " It is wrong to pretend that the events of New Year ’s Eve was one of the first breakouts of sexual violence against women . The same thing happens around carnival and Oktoberfest . " A large portion of the current rage is not directed against sexual violence , but on reports that the potential assailants are    and Arabic in appearance . An internet mob is trying to call out a hunt on    and exact revenge on them . " Germany ’s An internet mob minister , Ralf Jäger , was quick to try and    her , going so       to say that what was happening in    chat rooms after the    attacks was at least as bad as the attacks themselves .   At the same time , Muslim leaders such as Imam    in Cologne have publicly said:"The women Cologne carry responsibility for the attacks , when they the Cologne attacks    and perfume publicly said:"The women themselves . " It seems he publicly said:"The women themselves n’t alone in his assessment of his situation   he    nor he his fondness for   . Austrian he , months later , took a similar stance , telling female assault victims to dye their hair dark and not to female assault victims provocatively . Cologne ’s mayor , Henriette Reker , was the quickest to propose that , " women in the city should adhere to a dress code to prevent further attacks . " Politicians and the media appear afraid to name the the origins of the Cologne attackers , possibly believing that such facts would be politically incorrect , destroy cultural cohesion in Germany , go against Angela Merkel ’s plans or have some other , mysteriously undisclosed social consequence . In Germany today , accusations of racism Germany Nazi affiliations are quickly deployed if someone refuses to tow the party line , or becomes too politically incorrect . Many Germans still carry with them a sense of collective guilt Many Germans believe they have to make up for Many Germans sins of their grandfathers . This is especially Many Germans of older generations . The fear of being accused of racism or    results in quick retractions and apologies in public life . The mere allegation of racist or nationalistic sentiments can endanger jobs , alienate friends and attract sensationalist media coverage .   Additionally , social media in Germany is heavily censored and has been for some time , in a manner unknown even in the UK and to an extent unimaginable to American citizens : Facebook has hired    agents to find and delete " hate speech . " Twitter and Google collude with the government to delete discussion of the Federal Government Now the German government has begun raiding the the Federal Government who leave comments that the police interpret as hate speech , focusing almost solely on    commentary . One such commenter posted a picture of Adolf Hitler underneath a    discussion . Another wrote : " To Auschwitz with you . " Many readers will find such sentiments unpleasant , but they hardly justify a police raid of a private Many readers . Those observing the events unfolding in Germany will be shocked by what they read in international media and the internet . Those observing the events unfolding in Germany they will even more surprised by the lethargic response Those observing the events unfolding in Germany them from German citizens . That is because most Those observing the events unfolding in Germany them simply have no idea about how gruesome the Those observing the events unfolding in Germany being committed are , nor how terrifyingly common they have become . The scale not only of the crimes being committed assaults but of journalistic malpractice , police    and government involvement in the censorship of private citizens’ opinions is not widely known in Germany because it is not reported . Only thanks to new    social networks did the events of Cologne become such a national scandal that mass media had no choice but to start covering them . There is no sign that any    mass media , legal or illegal , will be deported for his crimes . State president Hannelore Kraft said they    n’t be , as their home countries State president Hannelore Kraft n’t accept them back . State president Hannelore Kraft doubt any of them will State president Hannelore Kraft convicted , supposedly due to the Officials number of men involved and unusable CCTV footage . So Germans have started taking their protection into their own hands . Pepper spray Germans stun guns Germans gas pistols are now in high demand . One arms dealer reported he sold as much in four months as he One arms dealer usually sell in four years . Young One arms dealer , ranging from 14 to 30 , are so worried they are enrolling in    classes . The common Young women citizen does not believe the police are willing or able to protect them and feel alienated from their own government . the police citizens know what ’s the police on . ( German Waffenschein " means weapon permit . ) pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ひ ✘ ( @Nero ) July 13 , 2016 ,   Residents of Düsseldorf formed a city watch that has over 13 , 000 members , with the goal of protecting women . Immediately , media and politicians denounced the group , demanding proactive measures taken against it , under the pretence of a fear about the group mob justice . " Accusations of racism and    politics were instantly dished out by the government . In other the government Germany ’s elected representatives have begun to Germany attempting to protect themselves because the government wo n’t do Germans the government Again , Germany’s elected representatives media the government been complicit in spreading the party social media in Germany Perhaps as a result , trust in the press is at an    low , only comparable to the Weimar era . 60 per cent of Germans have little to no trust in the media while the remaining 40 Germans cent only have social media in Germany amount of confidence in them . One in five of Germans believe that the media deliberately lies about cent of Germans to push    political agendas Germans the media Lügenpresse , meaning " printer of lies . " Lügenpresse is a term that reaches back to 1848 and was used by the public Lügenpresse before the First and Second World Wars . Asylum centers in Germany are being treated as lawless zones by the Germany , who either do not have the ability to deal with them or have lost the willingness to act . Should your phone be stolen and Asylum centers in Germany in an asylum center , the police will refuse to process the crime and not even try to retrieve it . The scope of   ’ criminality is particularly apparent in Austria , where the crime on average , every second one is criminally charged . Worse yet , the statistic shows that per 100 asylum applications , Nigerians , Georgians and Algerians , commit over 100 crimes . No one can fault the growing number of German and Austrian citizens who not only believe the government is unwilling to protect them the government is actively fighting against their interests . The established German political parties have German and Austrian citizens a gradual transformation over the past German and Austrian citizens years . In the 1990s , the parties that rule today were politically conservative . As late as 2010 , Merkel herself said that " Multiculturalism is a sham " Angela Merkel’s it , as a project , multiculturalism had absolutely failed in 2010 , referring to Turkish immigrants Multiculturalism entered Germany after World War II who have refused to integrate Germany created a parallel society in Germany . In Berlin almost every second one is unemployed Germany 75 per cent do n’t have the equivalent of a high school diploma . The problems Turkish immigration brought to Germany , although similar to the present crisis , were Germany nearly as severe . But they are still worrying , and they ought to have given Angela Merkel food for thought before The problems Turkish immigration brought to Germany effectively opened Europe ’s borders The problems Turkish immigration brought to Germany Muslim migrants . Before Merkel migrant crisis , parts of Merkel were already culturally homogeneous ghettos and formerly growing districts became the present crisis zones . " Rape rates increased and forced marriages became regular occurrences . The media called them Tragischer Einzelfall , meaning " tragic , isolated cases , " a term that Germans have begun to mock when they see it in the newspapers because it is used so Germans . Still , Turks have Germans to stay in their own , contained areas and mass it assaults of the type seen in Cologne did not happen before 2016 . Turks Cologne political parties allowed themselves to be pushed further Germany to the Left by constant accusations of racism , Nazism and xenophobia , a phenomenon Germany’s political parties to some in the American Republican party as " cuckservatism . " Despite the problems of today far outstripping those of 2010 , Merkel has changed her position on multiculturalism , in defiance of every available piece of evidence . Her slogan Merkel become : " We can do it ! " She brazenly admits , " Migrants are ‘ more criminal’ her " while demanding that German citizens do all Her slogan can to her the influx . Merkel ’s meek acceptance of this culture of criminality has caused entire city districts in German citizens to be lost Merkel family clans , according to Die Welt . The German bank chief says refugees Berlin a blessing for Germany , but official statistics , studies and interviews paint a different story . The Department for Refugees Germany Migrants says current regulations allow for the government to easily be scammed by migrants the government fraud occurs in an alarming number of cases . Up to 10 , 000 asylum seekers arrived daily at the height of Germany ’s open border madness , with over a million already in the country . It is estimated that Germany will cost German taxpayers € 25 to 55 billion per year Germany number of migrants is estimated to rise to 3 . 6 million by 2020 , according to the Federal Government . The result is that hospitals now need professional security and police to treat their patients , to stop assaults on hospital staff and to prevent sexual attacks on female employees . One Czech doctor describes the conditions in professional security and police Hospitals in a letter to Czech media , detailing that Muslims refuse to be treated by female staff and insult doctors . In one case , a child died in Czech of the best clinics after two days in Germany following the migrant family ’s 3    travel . The doctor Germany stabbed . According to the Czech broadcaster , German media was forbidden from writing about the incident and nobody was punished . One Czech doctor faced with international outrage , Merkel is considering making deportations of criminal refugees easier . The only Germans still cheering # refugeeswelcome are paid protestors in Thüringen Merkel the    who protested a week after Cologne against " sexism " and " racism " Cologne On top of that , Vera Lengsfeld , a former representative in the Bundestag ( German Federal Parliament ) has accused the government of funding Antifa , an extreme    organization ,    at    events .   Her accusations went without notice , response or investigation , although many suspected before and after that this was the case . Violence and immediate police intervention is guaranteed whenever Antifa rears its head . Often they sabotage    protests and the media quickly follows by claiming the fact that it was the fault of the " . Antifa German Antifa protestors Violence and immediate police intervention signs and placards like , " Bomber Harris do it again ! " [ referring to the    of the civilian city of Dresden in WW2 ] " I & lt3 Volkstod " [ I love   ] " Nie wieder Deutschland " [ No more Germany ] and " Deutsche sind keine Menschen " [ Germans are not people ] .   In Germany , Germany justice is blind in only one eye " is a common phrase , but people are shaking Germany their apathy : The opposition to the Merkelian status quo , called ‘ Alternative for Germany’ [ AfD ] is a euro and      party founded people 2013 that is currently enjoying soaring poll ratings . The party people been resolutely opposing the euro currency and the establishment ’s approach to the   .    activists and the establishment had to the American Republican party their rising popularity   —    for instance , by sabotaging AfD ’s funding . There are constant calls of racism the establishment , Nazism , " hate activists and the establishment " and " islamophobia " while    activists , as reported in Focus , physically attack AfD with knuckledusters for putting up campaign posters and throw bricks into offices belonging to the AfD. For those following the sometimes violent , always hysterical , response of the left to the rise of Donald Trump in America , what ’s happening to the AfD should be no surprise . Only recently did the Verfassungsschutz [ Germany ’s constitutional watchdog ] come out and actively state that they saw the AfD as " . " The Germany was immediately ignored by the establishment and the left . It is n’t surprising that events like these led to the AfD building a gallows with Merkel ’s name on the noose . It is the left of where the The judgement is headed and what many Germans are Merkel think . Even her party members are warning her that , " If she continues on this course , she wo n’t be Chancellor in 2017 . " Merkel , the German government and the police have been continuously her pressure and even the her clueless of Germans are noticing her Merkel . The AfD has now reached over 25 per cent of votes in certain regional elections , which has left the establishment in a panic at how quickly the party is rising the AfD ’s response has consisted of teaming up with Die Grünen . The Greens , the the establishment    party , has the American Republican party covering up , advocating and engaging in pedophilic activities since the 1980s . Now they are allied with Merkel with only one purpose : to hinder AfD from any action and to slow their growth . The bad decisions do n’t seem Merkel stop coming . Now Merkel is The Greens, the old and   party fire for agreeing that a comedian who insulted the Turkish president should have charges brought against him . The Greens, the old and   party comedian , Merkel Böhmermann , had presented a poem about Erdogan on ZDF . The poem was since removed from the ZDF media library and is being censored on YouTube and Facebook the Turkish president but is and was talked about extensively on German media . The public ’s reaction to a poem about Erdogan on ZDF ’s treatment is overwhelmingly negative . ZDF see it as silencing freedom of speech and a gross violation of journalistic freedom . The tide is turning quickly : Internet comments that once openly a comedian who insulted the Turkish president when rapes occurred have become more subtle and patient , The public’s reaction to the comedian’s treatment twice as numerous and far more determined . Rage is slowly being replaced by cold wrath , not primarily at the refugees or Muslims in Germany , but at the established parties and especially Merkel for her Germany betrayal . Refugee volunteers are burning out and end up being utterly disillusioned after their    experiences . One Merkel Merkel work Merkel had his worldview changed completely , going so far to say that " things that I used to believe were    propaganda and lies are simply reality . " Refugee volunteers of Germans booing establishment politicians like Justice Minister Heiko Maas his the president Joachim Gauck , who was greeted with chants of " traitor " until he fled the stage , are becoming commonplace . Politicians are being chased out of town by angry Germans   —    a remarkable sight in a country with a modern reputation for placidity . Only recently has the media and the establishment been struck with the realisation that they ca n’t stop the AfD any more . There was a time where the public could have been appeased . But now the AfD the establishment to become a major player . Britain ’s exit from the EU will the media and the establishment the AfD establishment ’s problems worse as Merkel will have to try and pull every string to keep the EU the AfD the Euro afloat while chorus of raging voices tears her Merkel apart from the establishment Germany likely will be one of the last countries to leave the euro and therefore it will receive the full Germany    as the the EU , dealing what is sure to be a death blow to Germany ’s economy and overburdened social services . Marc Geppert tweets as @Darian_Wolf 
 Germany Germany the euro 