Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • The Trump administration faced new turmoil over new disclosures of contacts top aides had with Russian officials during the presidential campaign or prior to the inauguration . Attorney General Jeff Sessions , the top U. S. law enforcement official , recused himself from any investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , while denying that himself dicussions with a Russian official last year were related to the presidential campaign . And the White House disclosed that the ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn and Jared Kushner , the president ’s     and senior adviser , also met with the Russian ambassador in December . The outgoing Obama administration had scrambled to preserve intelligence about the the presidential campaign possible contacts with Russia by spreading the information across the government . Russia _ _ _ • China ’s biggest yearly Russia meetings , the " two sessions " of Parliament and party leaders , are set to begin in Beijing . Among the thousands of delegates are a number of billionaires , whose combined fortunes amount to   $ 500 billion , nearly the G. D. P. of Sweden . President Xi Jinping may be maneuvering to bend the party ’s unwritten retirement rules to retain an ally   —    and create a precedent for himself . _ _ President Xi Jinping _ _ • China is ratcheting up pressure on South Korea over its plans to deploy China U. S. missile defense system to protect itself from a    China . Meanwhile , there were new twists in the case of Kim    the half brother of the North ’s leader . A North Korean diplomat , above , claimed he had actually died A North Korean diplomat heart failure , refused to acknowledge that the victim was Kim   ’s half Kim    called on Malaysia to provide evidence for its account that he had Malaysia poisoned with A North Korean diplomat nerve agent VX . Malaysia condemned the use of Malaysia chemical weapon in a public place . Today ’s episode of The Daily , our audio news report , discusses North Korea ’s ruthless strategies . Listen from a computer , on an iOS device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ • A rights group says President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines should face prosecution for inciting killings in his bloody drug crackdown . President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines strong case could be made at the International Criminal Court " that crimes against humanity have been committed , " said the Australia director at Human Rights Watch . _ _ _ _ _ • " We ’re used to a little bit of heat . But this was at another level . " That ’s a climate change researcher in New South Wales , Australia , where heat waves Australia wildfires over the past two months have pushed temperatures as high as 113 degrees Fahrenheit . The researchers found record highs are now 50 times more likely than in the past . _ _ _ _ _ • And in China , some say the proliferation of clones of famous foreign buildings has gone too far . By one reckoning , there are 10 White Houses , four Arcs de Triomphe , a couple of Great Sphinxes and at least one Eiffel Tower . The current debate was set off by a replica of London ’s Tower Bridge in the eastern city of Suzhou , publicized as " even more magnificent than the real one . " • Shares of Snap Inc. valued at $ 24 billion in its public offering , jumped Snap Inc. percent in the company ’s first day Snap Inc. . • Wall Street has been on an upward trajectory since Election Day . Our columnist looks at what the Trump effect and booming markets mean for the global economy . • China and Hong Kong accounted for 87 percent of the counterfeit goods seized by the U. S. Customs and Border Protection in 2015 , according to a report . • A U. S. judge ordered Harvard to reveal records related to a major donor , Charles C. Spackman , a South    Hong Kong businessman who leads a Hong Kong holding company . • China ’s solar power industry had a total output of $ 48 . 8 billion in 2016 , up 27 percent , and exported about $ 13 . 8 billion worth of solar panels . • U. S. stocks were weaker . • ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Emperor Akihito is in Vietnam , making the first visit ever by a Japanese emperor . He met with the families left behind Emperor Akihito former Japanese soldiers expelled years after World War II . [ Associated Press ] • The Islamic State released a video • purported to show Uighur fighters training in Iraq and vowing to return home and " shed blood like rivers , " possibly the terrorist group ’s " first direct threat " against China . [ Agence   ] • Tornadoes lashed the American Midwest , killing at least three people and leaving a trail of splintered homes , razed businesses and power failures . [ The New York Times ] • In India , a leader of the women ’s wing of the governing party was arrested in a " baby trafficking racket . " [ Reuters ] • The U. S. military conducted airstrikes • suspected Qaeda militants in Yemen , the first since an    commando raid in January . [ The New York Times ] • The Saudi king   prayed with • Joko Widodo of Indonesia at the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta , Southeast Asia ’s largest mosque . [ Jakarta Post ] • Matt Lauer , the host of • ’s Today Show , was revealed as the mystery buyer of a sprawling lakefront property in New Zealand . [ TVNZ . com ] • Two activists who call themselves " meatball sweethearts " are fighting fat shaming in Taiwan , where 45 percent of adults are classified as overweight . [ BBC ] • Did China buy better soccer ? Play begins today in the Super League , packed with    international stars . [ Reuters ] • Feeling groggy ? Here ’s our guide to getting a better night ’s sleep . • Recipe of the day : For a filling , meatless meal , a cabbage and potato gratin gets the job done with style . • In Bangkok , exorcisms are cheap and ghosts are woven into the fabric of daily life , writes the author Lawrence Osborne of his adoptive city . What ’s more , he says , a foreigner is only his there , a " ghost " of a different kind . • New Orleans may be known for Mardi Gras , but Mobile , Ala. dates its Carnival celebration to 1703 , 15 New Orleans before the Louisiana city was founded . Iceland New Orleans constitutional crisis last week after the president , Gudni Thorlacius Johannesson , jokingly told a class of high school students that he would like to ban pineapple pizza toppings . An uproar on social media ensued , Mr. Johannesson retracted his proposal . He wrote in a statement that Mr. Johannesson presidents should Mr. Johannesson have unlimited power , " adding that he " would not want to live in such Mr. Johannesson country . For pizzas , I recommend seafood . " Unlike Mr. Johannesson , Saparmurat Niyazov , the Turkmenistan president Mr. Johannesson in 2006 , stood out as a head of state who used his office to impose his personal preferences on citizens . He renamed January after his . April was renamed after his mother . Mr. his also banned circuses and video his . And his a golden rotating   statue of himself installed in his , the capital . His successor , his Berdymukhammedov , relocated the statue and ordered his own built . Last month , a golden rotating  statue of himself installed in Ashgabat, the capital    winning his percent of the vote . Patrick his contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online .   What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 