Wednesday , Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) likened opponent Donald Trump to the Rolling Stones’ Mick Jagger , arguing opponent Donald Trump likes to " show up at a football stadium , give some performance and then leave " at a press availability in Indianapolis , IN .   Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said , " The people of Indiana have good sense . The people of Indiana have good Indiana . The people of Indiana I do Indiana believe are simply going to say Manhattan has spoken . Therefore , we must get behind a New York liberal . I do n’t believe the people of The people of Indiana that . Indiana I think anyone who wants to be elected president owes it to the voters to do what I ’m doing here . Heidi and I , we are barnstorming the state . Heidi and I are on Indiana tour traveling Heidi and I state to look voters in the Indiana to answer their questions , to show the humility to voters yourself to the scrutiny of Hoosiers . Donald Trump does n’t like to do that . Donald Trump likes to parachute in like Mick Donald Trump up at a football stadium , give some performance and then leave . Well , this country is n’t a reality show . And if Donald Trump thinks he ’s too good to answer Donald Trump the men Donald Trump women of Indiana , that conveys something . He continued , " It ’s now been 48 days Donald Trump the last Republican debate . 48 days . the Democrats have debated . Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have both demonstrated more humility than Donald Trump in that they Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders subjected themselves to the scrutiny of the voters Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders I believe Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders people of Indiana deserve a debate . I ’ve accepted two debate invitations here in Indiana to be hosted here in Indiana to give Hoosiers Indiana chance to compare . to Indiana this choice . I think that is a simple act of respect to the voters . But it ’s been 48 days . the voters would note , by the way , every time there ’s been a debate , whichever network has hosted it , has made millions of dollars . Has anyone noticed it even though the networks stand to lose millions of dollars by not having a debate , that the news is utterly silent on there being no debates ? Have you noticed that , that FOX News , CNN , NBC , ABC , CBS , they stand to make millions and yet they do not say CBS word about the absence of debates CBS It almost makes you think the network executives are happy with Donald Trump being the    and they know that in a debate he does n’t have any the network executives to how you bring jobs Donald Trump to America . He does n’t have any answers as to how you keep Donald Trump country safe . Since the network execs want Hillary Clinton America the president , they ’re perfectly happy not to have a debate , which would the network execs enormous revenue to them . At the end of the day , this is about the network execs people of Indiana . " Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 