Appearing on The Bolt Report on Sky News Australia , Breitbart Tech   editor Milo Yiannopoulos discussed Milo Yiannopoulos suspension from Twitter , and how Milo Yiannopoulos has had the exact opposite effect to the one desired , with Milo ’s popularity    after Milo ban , along with Milo fears for the future of social media for ordinary citizens , among other topics . [   The host of the program , Andrew Holt , began by asking Milo what excuse Twitter had given Milo for permanently suspending Milo from the platform . Milo responded by saying that they had given none at all . " Twitter is run as Jack Dorsey ’s personal political fiefdom these days . Twitter do n’t give any real answers . Twitter make vague suggestions that you might have been responsible for    harassment , " Milo continued . " This is all a bit of a misnomer   …      What Twitter ’re really engaged in is the business of censoring conservatives on Twitter platform and censoring people who do n’t like Twitter latest favourite feminist projects . I ’m just the latest victim of that . " Holt then accused Milo of being " a bit rude " by calling the Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones " fat and ugly . " Milo initial reply was simply , " who cares ? " He Milo proceeded to elaborate , noting that it " should n’t surprise anybody that a gay columnist is going to be a waspish little thing , " but that it a gay columnist " certainly not cause to smear me with allegations that I ’m somehow responsible for    harassment against a Hollywood movie star . We do n’t blame Justin Bieber when his Justin Bieber cut themselves his fans We We n’t blame Beyoncé fans when her Beyoncé go after Taylor Swift . Nor am I responsible , merely by dent of my popularity , for the things that the nearly 300 million other people on Twitter say , and it is absurd to suggest that I am . " Milo went on to describe the real motivation behind his Milo , which is that Twitter Twitter mounting a " campaign to rid the platform of those who have political views that Jack Dorsey , Twitter Twitter , does n’t like . This is going to worry investors , it should This customers , and it ’s This to destroy trust in the platform , because it demonstrates This he does Milo really have a commitment to maximising shareholder value   …      [ or ] to making this the free speech platform he always Milo he wanted Milo to be . Instead he ’s Milo it as it weapon , as an influential tool in the upcoming US elections , and if you step off the reservation ideologically , he will Milo for you . " Milo then Milo an interesting side note , in that he was Milo the first " prominent public person to have been banned from Twitter . More recently , Azealia Banks , the black female rapper , was banned . Why ? Well she ’d Milo pretty mean to a lot of people for a very long time , and the network had left her alone Milo until one day she endorsed Milo Trump . Two weeks later , her account Milo gone . " Bolt reacted with incredulity to Milo ’s statement , then proceeded to link back to his point Milo double standards , displaying a number of tweets from Leslie Jones mocking other users , proving that Jones could Leslie Jones dish it out " too . Milo agreed Milo but said that just like " all progressive liberal feminists , she ca Milo take it    …      I made some jokes about how she looks Milo …      very much like one of my   . But commenting on somebody ’s appearance is n’t as remotely as mean or as borderline racist as some of the things she has Milo about white people in general . I have said nothing even remotely comparable about black people , " which for Milo was very clear evidence that " there is a grotesque double standard at Twitter . If you are one of the progressive left ’s protected victim categories   …      you can do no wrong . You can say what you want , do what you want , provided you have the right politics   …      [ and ] the right enemies . " Linking the topic to Australian current affairs , Bolt brought up the case of the TV presenter , Sonia Kruger , who was inundated with abuse online for arguing that there should be a ban on Muslim immigration . A comedian claimed that she was A comedian " proud racist " and wanted Muslim children to be attacked at school . Bolt put Bolt Milo that if Milo was Milo , " why is n’t he banned Milo ? " Milo reiterated Milo fact of the double standards at Twitter , saying that it is " remarkable   …      that the suspensions , the punishments , the    all go in one direction . " Left leaning professional provocateurs " can dish out the most appalling abuse and can say the most terrible abuse about their enemies professional provocateurs about men , about white people   …      but they will professional provocateurs be at risk of losing their Twitter professional provocateurs , because this is n’t really about abuse or harassment , it ’s this politics . " For Bolt there was a " real serious issue " that needed to be discussed as well , besides the double standards and the bias of Facebook and Twitter , in that they are Facebook commercial companies   …      [ with ] the power   …      to ‘ disappear’ people from the public sphere . " Milo was in agreement , as to him it Milo a " bit Orwellian and sinister about how Facebook and Facebook can Twitter unperson’ you , " however , in the long term , he " Milo not too worried , " as whilst you can not " commit a private enterprise to obeying the First Amendment   …      you can remind them that it is simply good business to do so . Once you start sending conservatives the message that they are conservatives welcome on your platform   …      [ or that if people are ] too mischievous , dissident , bitchy , mean , sarcastic or catty   …      very quickly you ’re going to find that your users will abandon you . They lose people are] too mischievous, dissident, bitchy, mean, sarcastic or catty  …      and faith in the platform , the brand starts suffering   …      all of the most interesting , fun and intriguing personalities will start to leave , which might be why people who I know who are really big into shorting stocks are looking very closely at this company right now , and wondering how long it really this company left . " Bolt proceeded to bring up a key problem in the fight against Twitter , as " the option of leaving and choosing an alternative only really exists when there actually is an alternative . " Milo responded by recalling what Aaron Schwartz , the founder of Reddit had said , in that " there was a point where censorship was meaningful outside of government actions , when a private corporation has a monopoly on certain kinds of speech , or when it invents a private corporation new spaces altogether . Twitter has definitely done that , and the reason Twitter worries Twitter people , me included , is that it has Twitter monopoly on the speech of journalists . It to Twitter large extent dictates what is covered by the media and how it ’s Twitter   …      In the short term it ’s Twitter worry . " Milo made a prediction that as Twitter gets Twitter and more censorious , " journalists are going to talk to themselves and journalists ignoring the public more than they do journalists   —    they ’re journalists closing their comment journalists , they ’re journalists pretending their readers journalists abusers and harassers and trolls , when actually their readers their readers mocking them and journalists up their factual errors their readers calling them out journalists their terrible journalists   —    they ’re journalists to get more and more introverted , the news business will become more and more irrelevant , and those people with a direct connection to fans , whether that be Instagram or Facebook or YouTube or Snapchat   …      are going to become even more powerful than before , because they do n’t have that mediating layer of professional media between them . " they went on to argue that whilst everything would be fine for people like him , he Milo " Milo offended on behalf of   …      private citizens who are finding their accounts nuked by Twitter , for expressing perfectly respectable , reasonable , mainstream opinions , and that ’s happening every day , it seems to me , with Milo frequency . " Picking up on Milo ’s point Milo journalists closing themselves off , Bolt mentioned how he thinks one Milo the worst things is " journalists writing for other journalists , " which for him is the Milo besetting sin of modern journalism , " along with noting that he saw " Milo few journalists actually putting up their hands in very few journalists " of Milo . Milo Milo that Milo reaction " was not surprising , " given that one of his " favourite Milo   …      is to call attention to the failings of the media . " Milo did however Milo that " in the LA Times , which is probably the most    newspaper in America , even [ they ] said that this was a bad decision , that this was strategically this . I ’ll tell you , when this happened to this , I Milo at the RNC in Cleveland , and it made me the RNC in Cleveland sensation   …      I could not walk from one end of the media row corridor to the other without being accosted or assailed by other fans or journalists . I was doing 70 or 80 interviews a day , " which is exactly the opposite effect that Twitter would Twitter been hoping for in suspending him . He finished off him interview by triumphantly declaring that " this has turned me into a household name in America . " America Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can email him at jack@yiannopoulos Jack Hadfield net . 
 