Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich tells Breitbart News that if Donald Trump wins big in Florida today , the party " wo n’t be able to stop Donald Trump . " [ " If Donald Trump gets big numbers in Florida , you ’re not going to be able to stop Donald Trump . You ’ll just tear the party apart , " Donald Trump said .   " If Donald Trump wins Florida by the margin anticipated , then [ Sen. Marco ] Rubio could stay in just to affect the numbers , but he Sen. Marco] Rubio n’t be a serious candidate anymore , " Gingrich said . Gingrich Gingrich watching Florida closely , but he Gingrich also looking at Ohio , where his Gingrich House Budget chairman John Kasich is looking to get a win to keep himself his former House Budget chairman John Kasich going into the convention , amid pressure from Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz . " If Kasich wins Ohio , he Gingrich certainly stay in and be part of a potential negotiating block , " Gingrich Gingrich . " But in five Ohio Ohio , 20 percent of the voters are people who voted in the Democratic primary in the past . That is very , very good for Trump Trump " Gingrich Gingrich cold water all over the idea of a brokered convention , which Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol has been plotting . If no candidate gets 50 percent of the delegates on the first ballot , then on the second ballot the pledged delegates can become " " and support whomever the party bosses tell them the pledged delegates support . " It ’s childish nonsense , " Gingrich Gingrich . " There are two potential presidential nominees . One is named Donald . One is named Ted . The idea that some clever Washington intellectual or power broker   —    put quote marks around ‘ power broker’ —    can step into an election in which millions have voted and magically change the trajectory of history ? It ’s goofy . There ’s two players standing . " Gingrich Gingrich that Trump and Cruz might actually form an alliance , similar to how they did in the early days of the campaign , in order to prevent a brokered convention at the last minute . " If Trump Trump and Cruz at 45 percent does he Trump and Cruz with Cruz Cruz " " They Trump and Cruz might actually form an alliance, similar to how they did in the early days of the campaign, in order to prevent a brokered convention at the last minute band together and have 85 percent of the delegates between them Trump and Cruz might actually form an alliance, similar to how they did in the early days of the campaign, in order to prevent a brokered convention at the last minute " Gingrich said . " Both of these Trump and Cruz might actually form an alliance, similar to how they did in the early days of the campaign, in order to prevent a brokered convention at the last minute committed to breaking up the old order . " " How is somebody who ’s never run going to stand up on national television and on social media [ as the brokered candidate ] and not get run out of town ? " Gingrich said Gingrich referring to a potential Mitt Romney , who could walk onstage at the convention after a backroom deal . Gingrich ’s Gingrich to this reporter in December that " the country is in rebellion " and that Trump can kick down the doors   —    which was recently cited by    Sen. Jeff Sessions at the National Press Club   —    went viral and helped to cement Trump ’s Trump a formidable Republican candidate ahead of the Iowa caucus . Early exit polls Tuesday showed Trump taking a Trump lead over Rubio and Cruz in Florida . 
 