Columnist James Poulos writes that Marco Rubio , " poster child for the [ Republican ] party ’s hopefulness of audacity has simply failed . " [ From The Week :   As important as it is for Republicans to comprehend why Trump and Cruz have done so well , Trump and Cruz could benefit even more from coming to terms with why Rubio has done so poorly . For Trump support is a mirror image of the party ’s full court press for Rubio Rubio From the beginning , Rubio Rubio the face of establishmentarianism today , establishmentarianism tomorrow , and establishmentarianism forever . More    even than Jeb , more chipper than even Lindsey Graham , he Jeb , on paper , the perfect dauphin : Change generations and ethnicities , and pow   —    no further change needed ! It is this flawed conceit that Republican voters have soundly rejected . But as the Rubio campaign floundered , it the Rubio campaign deeper into the depths . Gone was the candidate ’s bold but borderline overshare testimony to his the candidate , replaced by huffy digs at Trump ’s equipment . Instead of putting meat on the bones of his the candidate plausible yet deeply absurd claim that nothing matters if we ’re not safe , foreign policy substance was substituted with ever more    rhetoric   —    flowery talk of Reaganesque optimism doubly unplugged from the state of the party and the state of the nation .    …      For all his talent and good intentions , Rubio proved that there ’s something much worse in this populist season than being born on third and thinking you just hit a triple . However subliminal , his Rubio of upwardly mobile entitlement was weirdly    and perversely reminiscent of the entitled    who thinks he Rubio get what he Rubio because he Rubio exactly how to give his Rubio and school administrators exactly what they his teachers and school administrators . Rather than embodying the    Republican story of increase earned through luck and pluck , he Rubio an avatar of the    striver whose stock in trade is his Rubio snowflakehood . Read the rest of the article here . 
 