Breitbart Senior Editor MILO spoke today at the Georgia " Millennials For Trump " rally to a packed room of young Republicans and conservatives , all with the shared goal of voting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump into the White House on November 8th . [   " This is a very young room . And This ’s not usual for a republican candidate for president to fill a room like this without them being y’know , young republicans and I say that with love . You know , the    crowd . But you ’re very important because you are representative of the youthful force in this country and it ’s a force that as a european I ’m very happy to see , I ’m very hopeful as well . it ’s a force that really is the only thing that stands between this country , the greatest nation in the history of human civilisation " said Yiannopoulos to a crowd of young Republicans chanting " USA ! USA ! USA ! " " It ’s the best country , you have the best country ! " said Milo , " And I would like as a visitor and somebody who loves this place for it to this place the best the best country it is n’t going this place stay the best country if the best country have borders , the best country is n’t going to stay the best country best country if it does the best country trade agreements with the best country countries . It is n’t going to say this country if you can not be , the best country say anything you please , anything you want . " " I do n’t care whether you ’re a crazy feminist lunatic who shows up to one of my talks to be embarassed . Anyone see that dear sweet little thing that NAACP chair ? Bless her heart ! ‘ Excuse me like you ’ve been talking about feminism and I did n’t hear you once say that feminism is for equality between the sexes so UM’ " said Milo with a click of his fingers , doing an incredibly accurate impression of Milo angry young protestor , " Honey , no . You ’d have thought they ’d have learned by now . But I the angry young protestor, "Honey n’t mind those people ! I do n’t mind if you the angry young protestor, "Honey petulant , pram throwing toys out of lunatic from black lives matter , I do n’t care if you ’re a socialist ! Or a communist ! The fact that your chosen political philosophy is responsible for more suffering than any other political philosophy in the history of our species . I do n’t care if you ’re a white supremacist . I do n’t care if you ’re an   . They do n’t like me very much , either of those groups . They call me a degenerate , even worse than deplorable They There ’s only one thing worse than deplorable and that ’s degenerate . They call me a degenerate ,    kike , faggot They " Milo said , causing the crowd to erupt in laughter , " Well , I am guilty as charged ! But you know it does n’t matter , I believe that everybody should have the opportunity to share their views however noble or odious . And be given the full spotlight of public opinion . They should be given the opportunity to sell themselves to their American public and find success or be their wanting . " Watch the full event at the link below , 
 