Dance music icon Moby penned an open letter to Americans on Wednesday in the wake of Donald Trump ’s historic presidential election , comparing voters’ selection of the Republican to those who smoke cigarettes and eat junk food while knowing it is not healthy for cigarettes . [ The DJ and producer had been a staunch supporter of Democrat Hillary Clinton ’s White House bid . Just last week , Moby appeared in a    musical voter registration PSA along with other celebrities to encourage support for the Democratic candidate .   The electronic music pioneer has also been heavily critical of not just Republican politicians , but also conservative and Republican voters last year , he posted a photo to Instagram of a bumper    car in Georgia with the caption : " The worst part of America : racist , xenophobic , ignorant , republican , and armed . " Below is Moby ’s full open letter to America , courtesy of Billboard : america ,     why are you so afraid of evidence ?   you smoke cigarettes , naively believing cigarettes wo n’t kill you . you eat garbage , believing it wo n’t make you sick and obese .    and now you ’ve elected donald trump .   ’christians’ and    voters have en masse helped elect a twice divorced man who openly brags about infidelity and committing sexual assault .   30 % of latinos have helped elect a man who has routinely maligned latinos and called mexicans ‘ rapists’ .    45 % of women have helped elect a man who brags about ‘ grabbing women by the pussy’ and has called women ‘ pigs’   ‘ slobs’ .      middle america has en masse helped elect a man who has led roughly half of his businesses to bankruptcy and lost   close to a billion dollars in 1995 alone .    and blue collar middle america has en masse helped elect a    baby who has ,    inherited over $ 600 , 000 , 000 . 00 from    father .    and in the process you ’ve denied the presidency to an experienced and erudite woman whose only shortcoming is being on the receiving end   of a 30 year    smear campaign .   as a life long progressive i ’m supposed to be diplomatic and understanding , but america , what the fuck is wrong with you ?    but then i ask you , very sadly , why am i surprised ?    this is the same america that eats at burger king and is baffled as to why this ends up obese and cancerous and dying   this is the same america who thinks that granting health care to 20 , 000 , 000 people is somehow treasonous .    and this is the america who has now elected a    racist , misogynist .    a    racist , misogynist who has ruined businesses and has no policy proposals other than ‘ build a wall’ .   i guess there will be some cold , bitter schadenfreude in spending the next 4 years watching america wake up to the fact   that donald trump is an incompetent   .    the rust belt jobs wo n’t come back . the wall wo n’t get built . and hillary wo n’t get locked up .    donald donald trump be impeached , or end his presidency donald trump single digit approval ratings .   and hopefully , somehow , america will finally wake up the fact that republicans are , simply , terrible .   reagan and bush sr . and the republicans the republicans economy , bill clinton and the democrats fixed it .   the economy w. bush and the republicans ruined the economy all the economy , obama and the democrats fixed it the democrats in the economy baffling , habitual masochism americans keep going back to what ’s bad for them , whether it ’s george w. bush and the republicans or political parties .    and the climate will suffer .   the inner cities will suffer .   children will suffer .   animals will suffer .   gun deaths will continue to skyrocket .    we will suffer .    because americans live in this delusional , upside down world wherein they ’re unwilling to look at evidence .   but here are the facts :   junk food makes you fat and kills you .    cigarettes give you cancer .   and donald trump is a racist and a misogynist who has ruined countless businesses and will be the worst president our country has ever , ever seen .  
 