LAS VEGAS , Nevada   —    In response to a question about her " open border " immigration " dream , " former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pivoted to declare the most important question of the third and final presidential debate : when will Donald Trump condemn Russia about Russia alleged involvement in the recent Wikileaks email release ?   Debate moderator Chris Wallace began Debate moderator Chris Wallace question , " former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , I want to clear up your position on this issue [ of border security ] because in a speech you gave to a Brazilian bank   —    for which you were paid $ 225 , 000   —    we ’ve learned from the Wikileaks you said this and I want to quote , ‘ my dream is a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders . " " So that ’s the question : is that your dream , open borders ? " he asked . While Clinton first responded that the quote was taken out of context   —    arguing she was Clinton about energy , not immigration   —    she further Clinton the conversation , pivoting to Russia and Vladimir Putin . " You are very clearly quoting from Wikileaks and what ’s really important about Wikileaks is Wikileaks the Russian the Russians in espionage against Americans . " " I actually think the most important question of this evening , Chris , is finally will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this and make it clear that he will not have Donald Trump help of Putin in Vladimir Putin election , that he rejects Vladimir Putin espionage against Americans which he actually Vladimir Putin in the past ? " " Those are the questions we need answered , " Clinton added . In contrast , the majority of U. S. citizens rank the economy , jobs , and dissatisfaction with the government among dozens of other topics as " the most important problem facing this country today . According to the latest Gallup Poll , U. S.   relations does not even register on the list of concerns American citizens have .   " That was a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders , okay ? How did we get off to Putin ? " Trump responded . For decades , Clinton has defended her various scandals with Clinton about vast    conspiracies . During the 2016 general election , she has repeatedly accused Clinton Republican opponent of Clinton in cahoots with Russia ’s Putin . " I Putin n’t know Putin , " Trump Putin explained . Trump He said nice things Putin me . If we Putin along well , that would be good . " Trump : If Russia Trump the United Russia got along well and went after ISIS , that would be good . He has no respect Putin her . He has no respect Putin our president . And I ’ll tell you what , we ’re in very serious trouble because we have a country we tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads , 1 , 800 , by the way , where they expanded and we did n’t   we    1800 nuclear warheads , and she ’s playing chicken her Look   —    [ Crosstalk ] Clinton : Well , that ’s because he ’d rather have a puppet as president . Trump : No puppet , no puppet . Clinton : And it Clinton pretty clear   —    Trump : You ’re the puppet . Clinton a puppet as president ’s Clinton clear you wo n’t admit . Trump : No , you ’re the puppet . 
 a puppet as president 