More reports of assaults and mob violence by    protesters on Thursday evening continue to emerge from San Jose , where groups of men attacked Trump supporters emerging from a rally , even pursuing Trump supporters to Trump supporters cars in the parking lot . [   CBS San Francisco reports that a police officer was assaulted during the violence before law enforcement regained control . POLICE ASSAULTED   …      https :   .    —    DRUDGE REPORT ( @DRUDGE_REPORT ) June 3 , 2016 ,   There were also numerous reports that police initially refrained from stopping violence against Trump supporters . From KPIX : Protesters followed Trump supporters to Trump supporters cars as Trump supporters left the convention center . Around the corner and away from police protection on San Carlos Street , a mob mentality took over . A young man wearing a " Build The Wall "    was assaulted by several young men . Fearing for A young man wearing a "Build The Wall"    safety , KPIX reporter Len Ramirez yelled at him to KPIX reporter Len Ramirez away . For several minutes , there was no police presence and protesters thumped Trump supporters’ cars in the parking garage as they tried no police presence and protesters leave    …      Another young man was chased down like prey . He ran Another young man finding some police officers who stopped his attackers Another young man Others corroborated that report , with footage from a parking garage nearby : This @Timcast video from the # Trump’s disturbing . https :   .    —    Blogs of War ( @BlogsofWar ) June 3 , 2016 ,   Breitbart News was present when the mob began to become unruly before Trump ’s speech , shouting obscenities and destroying an American flag . Later ,    protesters beat and    Trump supporters leaving the rally . NOW : # Trump supporter attacked and left bleeding in San Trump’s pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) June 3 , 2016 ,   I called 911 but no one answered . Donald trump protest in San Jose , CA pic . twitter . San Jose    Marcus DiPaola ( @marcusdipaola ) June 3 , 2016 ,   One woman was pelted with eggs and other objects in full view of the media . Protesters cornering Trump supporters as they leave . This woman taunted them . They Trump supporters her   One woman at her Trump supporters . Trump supporters . One woman —    Sara Murray One woman @SaraMurray ) June 3 , 2016 ,   The Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders campaigns both condemned the violence . Supporters of both , particularly Sanders , were visible in the crowd of protesters outside Bernie Sanders Trump event . Photo : File , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets Joel B. Pollak What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 