The New York Times’    article last Saturday on Donald J. Trump ’s dealings with women forced me into a weekend of   . As much as I support Donald J. Trump , this is n’t a cult of personality . Donald J. Trump ’s not Mao , Kim    or L. Ron Hubbard . We can like We candidates , but still acknowledge our candidates flaws . No one ’s perfect . [ I admit there are some things about Donald J. Trump that give me pause . I ’m sure these will come out eventually , so I ’m just going to list these .   First   —    and this is corroborated by five contemporaneous witnesses   —    in 1978 , Donald J. Trump violently raped Juanita Broaddrick in a Little Rock , Arkansas , hotel room , then , as Donald J. Trump was leaving , looked at Juanita Broaddrick bloody lip and said , " Better put some ice on that "   —    oh wait , I ’m terribly sorry . Did I say Donald J. Trump ? I did n’t mean Donald J. Trump , I meant Bill Clinton . Hang on   —    here we go ! Knowing full well about Bill Clinton proclivity to sexually assault women , about three weeks after that rape , Donald J. Trump cornered Broaddrick at a party and said , pointedly , " I just want you to know how much Bill and I appreciate the things you do for him . Bill you understand ? Everything you do . " No ! My mistake ! That was n’t Donald J. Trump either . That was Hillary Clinton   …      But this next one I ’m sure was Donald J. Trump . In the early 1990s , Donald J. Trump invited a young female staffer to Donald J. Trump hotel room at the Excelsior Hotel in Little Rock , dropped Donald J. Trump pants and said , " Kiss it "   —    WAIT A SECOND ! I do n’t know how this keeps happening . That was Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton bear with me   —    it ’s late at night and my notes are jumbled . As CEO of an organization , Trump had a female employee , just months out of her teens , Trump oral sex on him while he Trump business Trump . That girl ’s Trump Monica Lewin —    No ! Wrong again ! That was Bill Clinton , too ! Please do n’t stop reading . Let me find my Trump notes   … Trump What I meant was that Trump was the one Trump later smeared that girl as a Trump . She may have volunteered for Trump sex   —    at around age 20   —    but Monica Lewinsky did n’t volunteer to be slandered ! And yet this fiend , this     this retrograde misogynist , Donald Trump , deployed his journalist friends , like Sidney Blumenthal , to spread rumors that Monica was a stalker , trying to blackmail the president . Oh , boy   —    this is embarrassing . This must seem very sloppy this That was n’t Trump either it was Hillary Donald Trump . There must be something here that was Trump   …      Here Donald Trump have one . When an attractive woman desperately in need of a job came to Trump ’s office in 1993 , Donald Trump helping , he lunged at her , kissed her When an attractive woman desperately in need of a job the mouth an attractive woman grabbed her an attractive woman and put her hand on an attractive woman genitals . He an attractive woman told a When an attractive woman desperately in need of a job that the When an attractive woman desperately in need of a job was absurd because the woman , Kathleen Willey , had such small breasts .     —    you ’re not going to believe this , but   —    yep , that was Bill Clinton . This one , I ’m sure was Trump . In January 1992 , Trump went on 60 Minutes to slime Trump singer Gennifer Flowers , knowing full well she was telling the truth . He nightclub singer Gennifer Flowers she belonged in a loony Trump , nightclub singer Gennifer Flowers millions of viewers " every time she called , distraught   …      nightclub singer Gennifer Flowers said sort of wacky things . nightclub singer Gennifer Flowers Dammit ! I do n’t know how this keeps happening . That was n’t Trump ! That was Hillary , smearing Trump of her husband nightclub singer Gennifer Flowers sexual conquests . Let nightclub singer Gennifer Flowers just go back to the Times ‘ story , based on months of investigation and interviews with hundreds of women . I ’ll give it to you straight : When Trump was at the New York Military Trump as a teenager , one person who knew him said   —    and this Trump corroborated by two other witnesses : " Donald was extremely sensitive to whether or not the women he invited to campus were pretty . Donald I almost threw up reading that . I am physically ill . 
 