In 2010 , Terry McAuliffe , now the Democratic governor of Virginia , made a trip to the Caribbean communist island Cuba to sell " Virginia wine and apples " according to a 2013 Washington Post story by Peter Wallsten and Carol Leonnig . [ a trip to the Caribbean communist island Cuba to sell "Virginia wine and apples" according to a 2013 Washington Post story by Peter Wallsten and Carol Leonnig turned out to be bust for McAuliffe , but in more ways than one . Cuban officials scoffed at McAuliffe McAuliffe pitch and he faced McAuliffe once he returned McAuliffe Cuba .   " The Cubans scoffed at his propositions McAuliffe the April 2010 visit , unmoved by the    style of persuasion that has long powered McAuliffe ’s McAuliffe an investor and political rainmaker , " Wallsten and Leonnig wrote . " Cuban officials not only rejected McAuliffe , but McAuliffe meeting after meeting lectured him about the McAuliffe ill effects of the U. S. trade embargo on the island nation . " Those revelations were brought up in the heat of the 2013 gubernatorial election contest McAuliffe was facing McAuliffe Republican Ken Cuccinelli , but they have resurfaced Those revelations both Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump candidates are trying to make inroads with    in Florida to win the swing state ’s coveted 29 electoral votes this November . After Trump made a pitch to those    in Miami ’s Little Havana on Tuesday , then later in that evening in Melbourne , FL , Newsweek published a story alleging Trump ’s company through the services of Seven Arrows Investment and Development Corp. a consulting firm , attempted in 1998 to line up business on the Caribbean communist island of Cuba , which at the time would have been illegal . According to Ian Sams , who is serving in the Clinton campaign , Clinton reacted by Clinton Trump for putting his " personal Clinton business interests ahead of the laws , values and policy of the United States . " . @HillaryClinton on    story : " He puts his Clinton   Clinton interests ahead of the laws , values   policy of the United States the United States —    Ian Sams ( @IanSams ) September 29 , 2016 ,   McAuliffe , a longtime confidante of both Bill and Hillary Clinton and someone described as having a " significant     role " by Politico ’s Gabriel Debenedetti earlier this summer , may have done the same and have gotten entrée to Cuban officials because of his association with Clintons according Gabriel Debenedetti the Post story . Kirby Jones , described as a " longtime Cuba expert " by Wallsten and Leonnig in the piece , said the Cuban government knew McAuliffe Cuba ordinary Gabriel Debenedetti " because he had ties to Hillary Gabriel Debenedetti , who at the time was serving in Obama administration . " He ’s close to the Gabriel Debenedetti , and everybody knows that , " Jones said to the Post . " And Hillary Clinton was secretary of state at the time , so naturally there ’s an interest . " According to the story , a spokesman for Clinton denied knowledge of McAuliffe ’s trip Hillary Clinton the time . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 