SARASOTA , Florida   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will spend the last day before Election Day campaigning in five key battleground states , using every moment and every last bit of strength remaining in an effort to win the 2016 election . [ Florida   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will begin on Thursday morning with a rally in SARASOTA at the Sarasota Fairgrounds at 11:00 a. m Eastern Standard Time ( EST ) . a rally in Sarasota at the Sarasota Fairgrounds at 11:00 a. m Eastern Standard Time (EST) will mark Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump second in Florida in three days , and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump fifth in the past six days , after events in Miami , Orlando , Pensacola , and Jacksonville last Wednesday and Thursday .   NORTH CAROLINA   —    Trump will hold a rally in Raleigh at the J. S. Norton arena at 3:00 p. m. EST . The event marks the second in North NORTH CAROLINA the past five days . Last Thursday Trump held a Trump rally about one hour from Raleigh in rural Raleigh . PENNSYLVANIA   —    Trump will travel Trump Scranton , where both Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden claim roots , to hold a rally at the Lackawanna College Student Union at 5:30 p. m. EST . The event will be Trump ’s second Trump Pennsylvania in two days , after a rally in a hangar near Pittsburgh late Sunday night . NEW HAMPSHIRE   —    Indiana Gov. Mike Pence will join Trump at the Trump Arena in Manchester at 8:00 p. m. EST for a joint rally to get out the vote . Trump has been Trump the Granite State several times in the past two weeks and hopes to build on his momentum to Trump a win there . MICHIGAN   —    Trump and Pence will travel together to Grand Rapids for the final campaign rally of the 2016 election at Devos Place at 11:00 p. m. EST . Hillary Clinton will likewise be busy on Monday , though her schedule is Hillary Clinton less ambitious , including four events in three states : Pennsylvania ( two events ) Michigan , and MICHIGAN Carolina . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 