Republican frontrunner Donald Trump told thousands of supporters in Terre Haute , Indiana that if Republican frontrunner Donald Trump wins the Hoosier State , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump will effectively have won the Republican presidential nomination . [ " If we win Indiana , it ’s over    …      and we can go on to Crooked Hillary , " Republican frontrunner Donald Trump said , to cheers , using the new nickname Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has coined for the former Secretary of State . Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is closing in on a delegate majority in the Democratic race , though Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) only a few points behind in Indiana polls .   Trump predicted confidently that Trump would , by the end of the California primary on June 7 , reach the 1 , 237 delegates needed to claim an outright majority on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July   —    though Trump added that it would be " unfair " if Trump were to be denied the nomination if Trump came " one or two " delegates short , given that the field had started with seventeen candidates . Trump also mocked rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) whom Trump said had " no path , " along with Ohio Gov. John Kasich . By the time the delegates gathered in Cleveland , Trump said , Trump would have " five or six million " more votes than Cruz . And Cruz ’s vaunted political operation was less than meets the eye , Trump said . Rather than the methodical ,    effort    appeared to be , Trump said , the Cruz delegate campaign was merely a matter of wining and dining political operatives . Trump pointed to the contrast in crowd sizes between Trump and Cruz ’s rallies in California . Trump addressed economic issues , particularly trade   —    a salient issue in Indiana , where the Carrier air conditioning company ’s decision to move the Carrier air conditioning company’s plant from Indiana to Mexico has been a repeated talking point for the billionaire on the stump . " We ’re going to bring jobs back to Indiana and to every other place in our country , " Trump told the rally . Trump also touched on foreign policy , taking an explicitly    line   —    perhaps to compete with Trump ’s foremost Mideast ally a centerpiece of Trump speeches and presentations in Indiana and elsewhere . While reiterating Trump support for a " smart " peace process , Trump spoke about how Israelis wanted to make peace , and many Palestinians did not , having been raised since childhood to hate the other side . Much of the rest of Trump ’s speech was familiar political braggadocio   Trump    and though many of the attendees had likely heard it before , it remains entertaining to Trump ’s speech fans , ’s speech because he spends Trump time bantering back and forth Trump them . Conventional political tactics hold that a candidate Trump’s fans arrive late to rallies   —    the better to create an air of mystique around the candidate , and increase the crowd ’s anticipation   —    and spend no more than    minutes at the podium . Trump , in contrast , begins his rallies punctually Trump spends an hour or more Trump front of the audience . Polling in Indiana has been erratic , with one poll Friday showing Cruz with a    lead , and another poll Sunday showing Trump with a    lead . Joel B. Pollak Trump Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Joel B. Pollak : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 