The biggest presence at Sunday ’s Golden Globes was a TV star who did n’t show up , did n’t win an award , was not thanked and was only rarely mentioned by name . Hollywood ’s first awards show of the year was   —    like so much in today ’s headlines   —    brought to you by Donald J. Trump . Even before Meryl Streep took the    to the    Donald J. Trump loomed over Jimmy Fallon ’s monologue . The last time Donald J. Trump appeared with Mr. Fallon Jimmy Fallon ’s " The Tonight Show , " the host tousled his hair during a softball interview . Mr. Donald J. Trump subsequent election was both an affirmation of celebrity ’s power and a repudiation of most celebrities’ politics . So beyond " Moonlight " versus " Manchester by the Sea , " a big question hanging over the awards was how , or whether , Mr. Fallon would address the Republican elephant in the room . The night began with exactly the kind of bit you ’d figure Mr. Fallon would start Mr. Fallon a    parody of scenes from the musical mash note to Los Angeles , " La La Land . " It was a fitting choice , if not an especially hilarious one , at the most escapist of awards shows . Music and    comedy are the strength of Mr. Fallon ’s " The Tonight Show . " ( He brought his bandleader , Questlove , He as D. J. ) And just as " La La Land " is a bubbly tribute to performers and their dreams , Mr. Fallon his bandleader, Questlove talk show Mr. Fallon’s stage for celebrities   —    and politicians   —    to perform their likability . In his monologue politicians   Mr. Fallon seemed Mr. Fallon’s to show Mr. Fallon’s    hand had claws . He Mr. Fallon’s the awards results were " Mr. Fallon’s by the firm of Ernst   Young and Putin . " Referencing " Game of Thrones " fans who wondered what would have happened if King Joffrey   —    the show ’s sadistic , petty     —    had lived , he said , " in 12 days King Joffrey  —   the show ’re going to find out . " His    jokes felt out of character King Joffrey  —   the show rest were ordinary . ( He did show off his talent for King Joffrey  —   the show , doing a King Joffrey  —   the show Rock that reminded us how sharp Mr. Rock had been at the Oscars . ) The most memorable part may have been at the beginning , when Mr. Fallon ’s Teleprompter went out . He vamped for a bit , and Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter the commercial break he returned with a joke   — Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter likening his mishap to Mariah Carey ’s singing Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter on New Year ’s Eve   —    that it seemed half of Twitter had already made at that point . Mr. Fallon handled his technical    much Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter the diva Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter But he did n’t make much of it either Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter and that summed up the night . He was n’t bad this year just did Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter seem like his cultural moment . You had to wonder Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter last year ’s host , the vitriolic Ricky Gervais , might have done , or Mr. Fallon ’s other predecessors Tina Fey and Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter , who made acerbic jokes in good fun . Entertainers can make an audience forget the turbulent times with a tour de force performance . ( See Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig , who did a brilliant bit about their first visits to the movies going horribly wrong   —    someone might want to call their agents and lock them down to host next their . ) They their agents make art out of troubles . ( their agents many of the night ’s winners , such as the      " The People v. O. J. Simpson . ") Or they can lay it between the lines . Hugh ’s winners, such as the     "The People v. O. J. Simpson seemed to such as the     "The People v. O. J. Simpson his character in " The Night Manager " to Hugh Laurie   : " I accept this award on behalf of psychopathic billionaires everywhere . " It was Meryl Streep , receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award , who repudiated Mr. Trump , for a " performance " during the campaign in which he mocked a disabled reporter . " It sank Mr. Trump hooks in my heart , " she said It Call me biased ( that reporter a disabled reporter a colleague at The Times ) a disabled reporter was as passionate and devastating as any scripted clip played that night . Ms. Streep also said that without Hollywood ’s performers from a disabled reporter world , " you ’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts . " Did that persuade anyone for whom those    are entertainment ? There is a school of thought that it does nobody good for celebrities to deliver political diatribes , coded or not , on a night that celebrates the fortune of the fortunate . But their work says something , like it or not . The 2016 election was , among other things , a cultural argument : overtly and subtextually , it was in part about how comfortable America was with change The 2016 election diversity and inclusion   —    about whether there was some    homogeneous " greatness " that America had lost . The awards , and the acceptances , America served as an answer , a message that the social gears have not totally been thrown in reverse . " Moonlight , " a film about a young black man growing up gay , won best drama . FX ’s " Atlanta , " set in the    scene of the Georgia city , won best TV comedy or musical , and its creator , Donald Glover ( who also won best actor FX a comedy or musical ) thanked " all the black folks in Atlanta . " And Tracee Ellis Ross , star of " Atlanta ( whose title Mr. Trump once railed against on Twitter ) dedicated her award to women of color : " I want you to know that I see you . We see you . " Sometimes , this Globescast said , art is an escape . Sometimes it ’s a call to arms . And sometimes seeing , this Globescast being seen , is a statement in itself . 
 this Globescast 