Comedian and prolific tweeter Patton Oswalt defended Hillary Clinton over concerns about Hillary Clinton health on Sunday , calling her health " badass " that the Democratic presidential candidate is campaigning " as hard as Hillary Clinton is " after being diagnosed with PNEUMONIA on Friday . [ " Wait , so Hillary Clinton has PNEUMONIA and Hillary Clinton ’s still campaigning as hard as Hillary Clinton is ? You realize how badass that is , right ? " the     King of Queens star tweeted .   Wait , so Hillary Clinton has PNEUMONIA and Hillary Clinton ’s still campaigning as hard as Hillary Clinton is ? You realize how badass that is , right ?   —    Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) September 11 , 2016 ,   " Psychotic , dissociative narcissism with lack of empathy & gt pneumonia , " the comedian followed up , adding the hashtag " # ImWithHer . " Psychotic , dissociative narcissism with lack of empathy & gt pneumonia . # ImWithHer ,   —    Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Concerns about the candidate ’s health received renewed attention Sunday after Clinton left a September 11 memorial event in New York City early , and , in a video later posted online , stumbled and appeared to require help from aides while getting into Clinton motorcade van . Clinton campaign issued a statement saying that the candidate’s had felt " overheated , " before Clinton ’s Clinton , Dr. Lisa Bardack , said in a statement later Sunday that she had Clinton diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday . Earlier this month , FBI documents concerning the investigation into Clinton ’s Clinton email server released by the agency revealed that the former Secretary of State told investigators she could Clinton recall every State Department briefing she received Clinton handling sensitive material due to a concussion she had Clinton in 2012 . Clinton cancelled Clinton scheduled Clinton to California this week , where she had Clinton set to attend fundraisers in Los Angeles and San Francisco on Monday and Tuesday , including at the homes of Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane and billionaire businessman Barry Diller . Oswalt has frequently defended Clinton and Clinton her rival Clinton Republican Donald Trump , to his more Oswalt 2 . 8 million followers on Twitter in recent months . Guys , let Trump ’s campaign run with the # BasketOfDeplorables thing while they can . They ’ve they got so much time before Trump ’s Trump’s .   —    Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s turned Trump’s an IQ over 100 into the crazy old man at the beginning FRIDAY THE 13th . " It ’s got a DEATH CURSE ! "   —    Patton Oswalt —   Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) ,   I ’m NOT trying to get # TrumpCantSwim trending . I do n’t believe that # #TrumpCantSwim # TrumpCantSwim ? Get real . https :   .    — #TrumpCantSwim Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) September 5 , 2016 ,   " In MY America , it ’ll be the kids luring clowns into woods ! Believe me . "   —    @realDonaldTrump   sometime in October .   —    Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) September 2 , 2016 ,   Still , not all of Clinton ’s    supporters praised the candidate for campaigning with pneumonia . On Sunday , liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore urged Clinton to take a week to rest , calling the pneumonia Clinton " serious . " Well , pneumonia . That ’s serious . Campaign kept it hidden    pneumonia No wonder the crazies get traction . the pneumonia diagnosis are pros at losing elections .   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 11 , 2016 liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore REST . Take the wk off . Take 2 . Let the rest of us pull the weight . Every1 can do a little . Who ’s    me ? Tweet # IWorkHRest ,   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 11 , 2016 ,     Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 