Two new polls show Donald Trump leading in both Alabama and Oklahoma on the eve of Super Tuesday . [ Donald Trump ’s biggest lead is in Alabama , where Donald Trump leads the GOP field by 23 points . Trump’s biggest lead is smaller in Oklahoma , but still a solid 12 points .   In Alabama , Donald Trump has a dominating 42 percent of the vote . Sens . Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are essentially tied for second , with Rubio Marco Rubio 19 percent , while Cruz Ted Cruz 16 percent support . Ben Carson is fourth , with 11 percent support and John Kasich is a distant fifth , with just 5 percent support . The poll was conducted Thursday through Sunday . Most of the The poll then , was conducted before Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions endorsed Donald Trump . It is possible that Session ’s endorsement of Trump will Donald Trump his support Donald Trump higher in the state Donald Trump is important , because if a candidate receives more than 50 percent of the statewide vote , they receive all a candidate receives more than 50 percent of the statewide vote a Alabama ’s delegates . Trump is near Donald Trump threshold in Alabama , which could potentially push Rubio and Cruz out of contention for some of the state ’s Donald Trump . In Oklahoma , Trump has 35 percent Donald Trump followed by Ted Cruz with 23 Cruz with 22 percent support . John Kasich is fourth , with 8 percent , followed closely by Ben Carson with 7 percent support . Trump and Cruz are Donald Trump voters in Cruz , who make up 65 percent Oklahoma the Monmouth poll sample . In Alabama , however , Trump leads among evengelicals by more Donald Trump 20 points . Trump leads both Cruz and Rubio Donald Trump hypothetical      in Cruz state . In the    race , Trump leads by 19 points in Donald Trump , but just 8 points in Alabama . Although both states vote on Super Tuesday , the poll still finds that the electorate is still somewhat fluid . Less than 45 percent of likely voters in both states say they are certain in both states they will Less than 45 percent of likely voters in both states . This is far lower Less than 45 percent of likely voters in both states voter intentions measured in other state contests . It is possible that the increased acrimony in the Republican nomination fight is causing people to become less certain in their choice . Trump ’s supporters are the people committed to their candidate , however , with 60 percent Trump’s supporters his supporters saying they certain they will vote Trump’s him . Trump’s supporters , Trump’s supporters high number of Trump’s who say they may still change their mind makes it Trump’s supporters hard to predict Trump’s supporters will finish second or third . Candidate placement , and the margins between them , are critically important as the delegate Trump’s supporters awarded proportionally . Trump seems certain to achieve a massive win in Alabama ’s primary on Super Tuesday . Oklahoma is still uncertain , however . While Trump has a slight edge , the final Trump will have a big impact on how the state ’s 43 delegates are allocated . Oklahoma 