In the aftermath of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ’s endorsement of Donald Trump , conventional wisdom says that Donald Trump is back on top in the first primary state of Iowa after Ted Cruz jumped ahead in the state polls a few weeks ago . [ Charles Krauthammer said , " I think this could be decisive   …      not because this helps Donald Trump or this brings Donald Trump additional support , but that this hurts Ted Cruz . The one thing standing between Donald Trump and success in Iowa is Ted Cruz . Donald Trump attributes Donald Trump success in becoming a Senator to her . her now turns against Donald Trump . " Mark Halperin of Bloomberg said on MSNBC , " I think at this point , if you said , of all the people in the race , who ’s the one most likely to win both Iowa and New Hampshire , today you ’d have to say it ’s Trump . " John McCain ’s top 2008 strategist , Steve Schmidt , says , " If you were betting on who ’s going to be the Republican nominee today , you ’d put your money on either Trump or Cruz   …      And with the odds favoring Trump . "   But Cruz   can still win Iowa . The current RealClearPolitics poll average has Trump in the lead with 32 . 2 percent of the vote , followed by Cruz Cruz   27 percent . The Des Moines    poll had Cruz Cruz   at 25 percent , and Trump 22 percent the Gravis poll has Trump Trump with 34 percent and Cruz at Cruz   percent . Public Policy Polling , a Democratic polling firm , has Trump Trump with 28 percent and Cruz in Cruz   with 26 percent . In other words , we ’ve got a dead heat . Which means it all comes down to turnout . On February 1 , at 900 sites around the state , supporters for particular candidates will make the case for their candidates particular candidates Then , ballots are privately marked and counted , at which point local caucus organizers send the information to the state party via smartphone app . Caucus organizers are not appointed by the state they ’re Caucus organizers up by the state parties and run by volunteers . Delegates , as ABC News reports , are not bound by the votes here   —    they ’re Delegates determine[d ]   …      at county and district conventions later in the year . " But for all intents and purposes , caucuses simply require you to sit for a longer period of time and then vote . That means coming out , often in nasty weather , for caucus voters , and volunteering to count ballots and spend hours doing so for organizers . This means that the most motivated voters win . And nobody is more motivated than the Ted Cruz crowd . Trump ’s support comes from heretofore alienated subgroups , many of whom have n’t voted before . They have Trump’s support history of high voter turnout . Cruz ’s Ted Cruz from the traditional base in Iowa : Evangelicals and conservatives . Cruz has support Ted Cruz Evangelical pastors in every single Iowa precinct . Iowa ’s done Ted Cruz ground work . Trump has n’t Trump’s Beyond that , Trump has the Trump’s negatives of any candidate in Iowa outside of Iowa Bush   —    he ’s at Trump’s percent positive and 45 percent negative . Cruz , by Ted Cruz , has the highest positives : 76 percent to 19 percent . This means that Cruz is everybody Ted Cruz second pick   —    so as the field narrows , Cruz should gain Ted Cruz In short , Donald Trump must turn out every Donald Trump backer Donald Trump Cruz . Cruz Ted Cruz only Ted Cruz out a solid segment of his base , and Donald Trump hope that the other candidates who have been flagging down the stretch continue to do so , with their voters bleeding over the other candidates who have been flagging down the stretch him . There ’s Donald Trump reason that just days ago , fivethirtyeight . com forecast Cruz with a 51 percent chance of winning Iowa , with Trump at just 29 percent   —    although fivethirtyeight . com also estimates Trump with a 43 Trump to 42 percent advantage when endorsements are taken out of the game . Ted Cruz must continue Cruz away the message that Trump is n’t conservative enough Trump that he reflects " New York Cruz " in order to win Iowa . Palin ’s endorsement of Trump makes that more difficult Trump but the establishment ’s sudden move to back Trump against Cruz makes Cruz Trump job Cruz . Cruz ago , establishment mainstay Bob Dole   —    a Jeb ! endorser   —    said that Cruz would suffer " cataclysmic " Cruz while Trump would do better . Why Trump " I question his allegiance to the party , Trump said Dole . " I do n’t know how often you ’ve heard him say the word ‘ Republican’ Trump —    not very often . " Dole complained that Cruz says " Dole " instead Cruz called Cruz an " extremist . " Cruz then echoed Trump ’s argument Dole " I Trump know how he ’s going to deal with Congress Dole Nobody likes him . " In Iowa , that Dole a pitch for Cruz . As it should be Cruz The Cruz campaign is organized and determined Cruz They have a real advantage in Iowa The Cruz campaign But they ’ll have to Iowa their noses The Cruz campaign the grindstone . Ben The Cruz campaign is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 