The original Magna Carta was a charter agreed to by King John of England in 1215 . The original Magna Carta just celebrated The original Magna Carta 801st anniversary . [ So no , I was n’t there . But a charter agreed to by King John of England in 1215 has become part of an important , iconic , political myth that the deal between an unpopular king and rebellious barons marked the beginning of individual English freedoms , personal liberties , and    protection of individuals under the law . Magna Carta has also been cited as providing the essential foundation for the contemporary powers of Parliament and legal principles such as habeas corpus .    That ’s the mythology , and it Magna Carta an important one .   So while I understand that describing the Brexit victory as Magna Carta 2 . 0 is inexact , I think it I understand that describing the Brexit victory as Magna Carta 2 a key point : Britain will regain its Britain freedom , its Britain    and its Britain from an EU that is spinning out of control under the power of establishment elites , unelected and unaccountable socialist bureaucrats , and a judicial court that is increasingly making legal decisions that replace Britain Britain common law .   The EU EU and regulatory policies ,    and welfare spending , and free immigration even in wartime are gradually ruining Europe . That ’s why I believe Brexit is good for British freedom , political autonomy , and the survival of democratic capitalism .   The business elites told British voters that British the EU would EU economic catastrophe . Well , in England , Main Street defeated the establishment elites by sending a populist message .   And there need be no economic catastrophe . The EU needs Britain EU EU needs the EU . Britain London EU is one of the most powerful financial centers in the world . Frankfurt will never replace it .   Trade is the Frankfurt to the economic outlook in Britain and the EU . Many Britain chieftains EU bank CEOs and the fearmongering IMF to suggest that the EU will deal harshly with Britain EU EU and stop all trade Britain That EU mutually assured destruction   —    MAD . A    trade war would destroy both power centers .   Not only does the EU need Britain ’s financial capabilities , EU EU major Britain EU goods and services Britain sanity prevails , EU ’s no reason why the EU and Britain ca n’t hammer out a    EU in the two Britain allotted by the Lisbon Treaty .   And if the EU wants to go with MAD , the EU EU will burn in flames . Yes , there ’s a lot of disagreement about the economic consequences of Brexit . But remember that Britain is still a member of the IMF , the World Bank Britain      the WTO , NATO , and so on . Veteran Wall Street economist Robert Sinche wrote a note to clients in the early evening of the vote that there was a high probability that Brexit would win . He wrote : " most analysts have overestimated Brexit negative impact of Veteran Wall Street economist Robert Sinche leave vote as the UK has been a marginal member of the EU    for many decades . " Brave chap . But I agree . And we should also remember that the Bank of England   —    a better operation than the European Central Bank   —    will still be in business , as will the British pound sterling .   My advice to investors is to ride out the    market volatility , which may last several months , and look instead at the    positives of political and economic freedom .   It will now be up to Boris Johnson , the likely new British prime minster , and the Tory party , perhaps with bipartisan help , to negotiate a good trade deal and move more aggressively on the    path of      policies .   There ’s already talk about abolishing the 5 percent VAT on household energy . Good . Taxes need to be reduced     heavy regulations need to be rolled back , and government spending needs to be restrained .   This is Britain ’s opportunity . It ’s kind of a Thatcher moment .   If you look This the hood of the populist revolt in Britain , and the budding revolts in larger Europe and America , Britain anger is in good part rooted in the lack of economic , job , and wage growth . Worldwide , growth has been missing . All the major countries have been operating under    spending , heavy regulations , and the insane    policies of QE and zero ( now negative ) interest rates . It has n’t worked .    wage earners have had enough . Plus , wartime immigration policies have been too easy . And the major countries , including America , have not destroyed ISIS . So this popular revolt is also aimed at    failures . The American election in November may parallel the British    . Barack Obama , who insulted British voters by campaigning in London against Brexit , is a huge loser . Hillary will suffer from this . Donald Trump will benefit .   So I ’ll end where I began : Brexit is good for freedom , growth , and Britain . Ride Brexit    financial and economic volatility . And watch for a full populist revolt in America this fall . 
 