Reddit CEO Steve Huffman admitted that Reddit CEO Steve Huffman " screwed up " and wants Reddit to trust Reddit CEO Steve Huffman again following Reddit CEO Steve Huffman comment editing scandal , but Reddit CEO Steve Huffman still considers members of communities such as the       to be " bullies . " [ In an interview with Recode Decode , Reddit CEO Steve Huffman stated that Reddit CEO Steve Huffman editing of other users’ comments was initially done " in the spirit of fun , " considering it to be nothing more than a prank . " I figured , I ’m just going to mess with these bullies , and I actually have the capability of messing with these bullies , so I ’ll do so , " said Reddit CEO Steve Huffman . " I wanted to do something . I did n’t do the right thing , but that was my mentality . "   Reddit users considered Reddit CEO Steve Huffman covert editing to be such a betrayal of unwritten trust between the CEO and site users that some even called for him Reddit CEO Steve Huffman step down as CEO of the company . Huffman Reddit CEO Steve Huffman that users questioning whether previous comments on the site had been edited was " devastating " to him Reddit CEO Steve Huffman that he Reddit CEO Steve Huffman that he Reddit CEO Steve Huffman have to work to rebuild trust within the Reddit community .   Despite his Reddit CEO Steve Huffman to " rebuild trust , " Huffman Reddit CEO Steve Huffman to some Trump supporters on Reddit as a " toxic minority " but did state that he Reddit CEO Steve Huffman no plans to remove the group entirely . " The irony is , they the group on my platform . I ’ve defended their the group to be on our my platform times , " he Reddit CEO Steve Huffman . " I do n’t want to take your voice away . I just want you to stop being assholes . "   Huffman further seemed to imply Trump supporters across the country were attempting to normalise bigotry . " I think you ’re seeing this play out in the country the country Huffman added Huffman " A toxic minority of people who are trying to    bigotry and bad behavior are undermining this message that 50 percent of country feels disenfranchised , is left out . Separating those two is not easy . " Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 