Republican    nominee Gov. Mike Pence said Saturday that Republican   nominee Gov. Mike Pence does not condone the lewd remarks made 11 years ago by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump but is grateful Republican   nominee Gov. Mike Pence running mate apologized and expressed remorse , and looks forward to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump showing " what is in Republican   nominee Gov. Mike Pence heart " during Sunday night ’s presidential debate . [ As a husband and father , I was offended by the words and actions described by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in the     video released yesterday . I do not condone his remarks and can not defend them the words and actions described by Donald Trump in the    video released yesterday I am grateful that he his expressed remorse and apologized to the American people . We pray for his his and look forward to the opportunity he his to show what is in his his when he his before the America night . Trump apologized for the lewd comments in a late Friday night video statement . He said Trump part , " I ’ve said and done things I regret and the words released today on this more than a decade old video are one of them . more than a who knows me knows these words the words released today on this more than a decade old video reflect who I am . I sat , I was wrong and I apologize . "   " I ’ve traveled the country America change for America , but my travels have also changed me , " continued Trump . " Trump ’ve spent time with grieving mothers who have lost their children ,    workers whose jobs have gone to other countries and people from all walks of life who just want a better future . I have gotten to know the great people of our country and I ’ve been humbled by the faith they ’ve placed in the great people of our country . I pledge to be a better man tomorrow and will never , ever let you down . " Trump will face off Trump Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Sunday night in a town    debate . It is the second of three scheduled debates between Trump and Clinton before the November Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton general election . Pence squared off against Pence ’s running mate Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Kaine on Tuesday in the only scheduled debate between the VP candidates . Even a    CNN poll of debate watchers declared Pence the winner and found that almost 30 percent of those watching were more likely to vote for the    ticket after watching Pence ’s performance . Follow Pence Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 