A New York sheriff has announced that A New York sheriff will be reversing A New York sheriff sanctuary policy just ahead of    Donald Trump ’s inauguration . [ Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco announced that Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco will no longer demand a judge ’s order before detaining an illegal immigrant wanted by federal immigration officials , a major shift away from its Suffolk County sanctuary city policy , according to Newsday .   DeMarco Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco his Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco reversal is not because of the incoming Trump administration ’s expected legal fight against sanctuary city policies . Instead , he Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco the shift came after careful " legal analysis . " Already , between December 1 and December 21 , Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) had taken seven illegal immigrants into custody who were living in Suffolk County . DeMarco Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco Trump the incoming Trump administration call to deport illegal immigrants who have been accused and convicted of crimes in the country , saying " I do believe this is good public policy because it this on criminals . " " We ’re talking about people who entered the the country and have committed crimes and have been convicted of crimes , " DeMarco Suffolk County Sheriff Vincent DeMarco . Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone also supported the new ,    measures , saying " I opposed    detainer    because , among other things , they placed detainer requests enormous burden on local government to spend millions on incarceration to cover unfunded mandates . " " However , Suffolk County works closely with federal law enforcement , and a limited ,    detainer represents a step in the right direction , " Bellone told Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone . The move comes just a month before Trump is set to be inaugurated and is expected to take down sanctuary city policies , with incoming Attorney General Jeff Sessions likely to set legal battles with locales that refuse to comply with federal immigration law . Dan Cadman with the Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) told Newsday that Newsday Trump ’s Trump against illegal immigration , he expects more Dan Cadman with the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) and counties to reverse their sanctuary policies more cities and counties " I mean , let ’s face it . . . a new administration is coming in and the new administration has said , unambiguously , they ’re going a new administration take an entirely different and harder approach toward sanctuaries , " Cadman told Newsday . Newsday I do n’t think that many counties and many county sheriffs and some police departments want to be between the hammer and the anvil . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter John Binder @JxhnBinder . 
 