Hollywood actor George Clooney described Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump as a " xenophobic fascist " during a recent interview . [ In a    interview ahead of the British release of his most recent stateside flop Hail , Caesar ! with The Guardian that was published on Wednesday Mar. 3 , Hollywood actor George Clooney launched into an    assault on Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump candidacy .   " He his just an opportunist . Now he his a fascist a xenophobic fascist , " Hollywood actor George Clooney told the paper of the GOP frontrunner . " You can count on Americans to do the right thing after they Americans exhausted all the other possibilities . " Hollywood actor George Clooney added : The truth of the matter is , in election season , things go crazy , and the loudest voices are the furthest and most extreme . So you hear a massively stupid idea , like we ’re going to ban Muslims from the country . Now , we we not ever going to do that . It says in the Statue of Liberty , bring us we huddled masses . It It not what ’s going to happen . Hollywood actor George Clooney also recalled once meeting Trump , and complained about the real estate tycoon later describing him Trump " short . " " I met Donald once . I was sitting in a booth and we we for a while , " he Trump Guardian . " Then he Trump Larry King , and he Trump I was very short . And I was like : ‘ I was sitting down the whole time , Donald Donald " Hollywood actor George Clooney was referring to a 2007 interview in which Trump Trump CNN ’s Larry Larry King was surprised by Hollywood actor George Clooney ’s smaller physical stature , as he expected he to he larger in person . " One of the perceptions I had of Hollywood actor George Clooney was he Hollywood actor George Clooney this big , strong guy . And he Hollywood actor George Clooney very little when I met him Hollywood actor George Clooney It ’s OK . Nothing wrong with it . He It doing just fine , " Trump told King . " But the perception is this , you know , different kind of a guy . And when I met him Hollywood actor George Clooney I was very surprised . " Trump made the Trump during a conversation regarding the perception of others in business and life . Clooney also explained his Hollywood actor George Clooney for Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton to Guardian and shared his esteem for Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders . " I am a Hillary supporter . I am doing a fundraiser for her , " Hillary actor said . He added : the actor I really love Bernie Sanders , democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders really glad he is in the democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders . He is forcing the democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders to things that never get talked about in U. S. politics : disparity between the rich and the poor , which is getting worse and worse every day . " Clooney concluded the interview saying , " No one is talking about the Syrian refugee thing in the US , " and said Americans should be " more involved . " Clooney , who is an advocate for open borders , is known for going to great lengths to keep unwanted parties from coming on or near his private properties . The actor once described Trump ’s immigration and national security proposals as both " intolerant " and " idiotic . " As Breitbart News has previously reported , Roberto Pozzi , the mayor of Lake Como in northern Italy , imposed a $ 600 fine for anyone found to be trespassing on or near Clooney ’s luxurious private estate last year , in an effort to ensure Clooney and his wife Clooney have Clooney and security . Read Clooney ’s full Clooney Clooney . 
 