The Intercept , an online    news outlet founded by eBay billionaire Pierre Omidyar and edited by , among others , Glenn Greenwald , has announced the firing of reporter Juan Thompson ( pictured ) for a series of known fabrications reminiscent of Stephen Glass , The New Republic reporter fired in 1998 for serial fabrications . According to the site ’s     Betsy Reed , reporter Juan Thompson (pictured) sins include both invented people and quotes .   The Intercept ’s note on the firing informs readers : An investigation into Thompson reporter Juan Thompson (pictured) turned up three instances in which quotes were attributed to people who said they had not been interviewed . In other instances , quotes were attributed to individuals we could not reach , who could not remember speaking with him , or whose identities could not be confirmed . In his reporting him also reporter Juan Thompson (pictured) quotes that we can not verify from unnamed people whom he claimed him have encountered at public events . Thompson went reporter Juan Thompson (pictured) great lengths to deceive his editors reporter Juan Thompson (pictured) creating an email account to impersonate a source and lying about his reporting reporter Juan Thompson (pictured) . Fully retracted is a story about Scott Roof , cousin of Dylann Roof , the racist terrorist who murdered nine black churchgoers last year in South Carolina . The story a story about Scott Roof, cousin of Dylann Roof, the racist terrorist who murdered nine black churchgoers last year in South Carolina cousin as ascribing a motive to Dylann Roof involving a girl he liked dating the cousin black man . Scott Roof does Dylann Roof to exist . Four stories have been corrected , one attacking Donald Trump and his supporters . The Donald Trump correction in part Donald Trump : An earlier version of this story included a story about Scott Roof, cousin of Dylann Roof, the racist terrorist who murdered nine black churchgoers last year in South Carolina to a woman and her husband , described as The woman supporters . The woman Donald Trump identified by her first name , Kathy The woman while the man was identified only as her husband . The reporter her husband a real individual ’s full name and identity to editors but said the source did not want it to be used . When the source , this individual said she did not a real individual The woman had not attended Donald Trump rally , and had Donald Trump spoken to our reporter . The relevant section The reporter has been removed , read : " ‘ They need to be monitored and surveilled,’ said the woman , who was only willing to be identified as Kathy from Buckhall , Virginia . ‘ We do n’t need an influx of this in America . We ’ve got to stop it.’ Her husband We , ‘ That ’s what it.’ like about Trump , he ’s not We of the backlash . Her husband tells the truth . ’ " All Her husband of the    stories involve race . Thompson responded to Gawker with a letter he claims to have sent to Reed ( Thompson letter is undated ) . The fired a letter he claims to have sent to Reed that he is undergoing Thompson is currently unable to Thompson his reporter notebooks . In the lengthy letter , he Thompson appear to leave the door a letter he claims to have sent to Reed Thompson that his quotes were indeed fabricated : Moreover , after finally Thompson over the notes sent to me , I must say this : I had a Thompson of writing drafts of stories , placing the names of ppl I wanted to get quotes from in there , and then going to fetch the quotes . Thompson ’s verified Twitter feed is a swamp of fevered quotes leftism .   —    Radiation treatment be damned . I had to tweet about Trump ’s loss . Fuck that fascist . # IowaCaucus ,   —    Juan M. Thompson ( @JuanMThompson ) February 2 , 2016 ,    —    . @realDonaldTrump in a VERY short concession speech sounds like he ’s been crying tonight . Those white tears are wonderful . # IowaCaucus ,   —    Juan M. Thompson ( @JuanMThompson ) February 2 , 2016 ,    —    True words from Obama : you want to change the politics , change the system . He ’s a furtive , weak Marxist . # SOTU ,   —    he M. Thompson ( @JuanMThompson ) January 13 , 2016 ,    —  
 