Donald Trump has proven to be a political game changer . Donald Trump willingness to take on the establishment is inspiring . Along with millions of others , Donald Trump has garnered my attention . Donald Trump endorsed me in my race for Senate , and I remain grateful for Donald Trump support . [ But Donald Trump continued insistence on defending the abusive use of eminent domain should concern all who value the Constitution .   In writing this , I know I stand to offend many of my supporters . But I write this for my supporters . My oath is to the Constitution , so remaining silent in the face of its the Constitution would be an indictment against everything we have fought to achieve . Even if it hurts me politically , I must defend it it our civil liberties , or else I become what we our struggled to vanquish . To the issue , Donald Trump defends his Donald Trump of eminent domain for development purposes by misconstruing his Donald Trump use . While happily admitting that he Donald Trump the " takings " power to fight with a woman in Atlantic City who refused to give him Donald Trump a woman in Atlantic City who refused to give him her property so that he could expand a hotel so that he Donald Trump expand a hotel , he Donald Trump intentionally dodges the core objection , by arguing , " without it the core objection would n’t have roads , highways , airports , schools or even pipelines . " Shockingly , Trump seems to argue that because eminent domain exists , the people must ignore and sanction its Trump . For more than two centuries , the Constitution ’s Fifth Amendment imposed an essential limitation on the scope of government ’s eminent domain authority , since the " takings " clause of the the Constitution’s Fifth Amendment consistently and correctly interpreted to prohibit the taking of private property for private use even if just compensation was paid . The government government’s permitted to confiscate property from one private individual and transfer it to another government’s government takings of private property presupposed an actual public purpose such as highways , schools or courthouses . So , at least to this extent , Trump is correct   —    if the taking is for a genuine public use , then the exercise of condemnation is Constitutionally permitted . However , after the United States Supreme Court ’s 2005 decision in Kelo v. City of New London , certain longstanding protections provided by the Fifth Amendment were stripped away . In Kelo , the Kelo dramatically the United States Supreme Court’s Constitution ’s original understanding by expanding the scope of " public use " to encompass    and even private uses . By a vote of    the Court held the United States Supreme Court’s the United States Supreme Court’s of eminent domain may be used to take private property   —    one ’s home , business , farm or church   —    based on any number of purported justifications , including the possibility of tax revenue generation or even presumably to enhance aesthetics . In broadly construing the " public use " language of the " takings " clause to encompass any secondary benefits imaginable , private property rights   —    as traditionally understood   —    were eviscerated . The Court ’s decision fashioned the possibility of individuals having their property forcibly conveyed , via the individuals , to any    entity , corporate or otherwise , thereby advancing the economic interests of entities with disproportionate power over government affairs . And this is precisely what Donald Trump is advocating . Had the framers of our Constitution intended the " public use " language to have such sweeping scope , they would have selected a more expansive the "public use" language to have such sweeping scope for inclusion in the Amendment ’s text , such as " general welfare . " Instead , the    " public use " language was more narrowly construed , as it simply embodied the founders’ understanding that the   "public use" language of property is a natural and fundamental right . History demonstrates that secure property rights are an indispensable condition for the preservation of freedom , economic prosperity and social harmony . Our founders recognized property rights as among the most sacred of American liberties , taking up arms against an English system in which the rich and powerful could take whatever property they wanted by utilizing the sovereign ’s Our founders justification for transfer . They concluded it was their responsibility to Our founders against the abuses Our founders government , extolling the Constitution as the guarantor of additional security to liberty and property . Fearing government ’s arbitrary confiscation and subsequent transfer of property , early patriot Arthur Lee wrote in 1775 , " The right of property is the guardian of every other right , and to deprive a people of this , is in fact to deprive them of their liberty . " Alexander a people of this concurred a people of this arguing " one great object of government is the personal protection and the security of property . " The drafter of the " takings " clause , James Madison , also made his intentions perfectly clear : " A Alexander Hamilton is instituted to protect property of every sort . This being the end of government , that alone is a just government , which impartially secures to every man , whatever is his own . " And yet , despite their unwavering support of private property , our rights are now being threatened , with the most vulnerable among us bearing the most significant burdens . Economically disadvantaged communities are less likely to put their lands to the highest and best Economically disadvantaged communities use , making their lands ripe for government taking . their lands poor are , generally speaking , the least politically powerful segment of a community , they usually lack the political force necessary to the poor are or alter the power of government . They are more likely to suffer the indignity the poor are pain of losing their property , including sentimental possessions such as the poor are family land and homes . But the loss of one ’s sentimental possessions , though important , pales in comparison to our collective loss of liberty . In a free market , there is a process for purchasing property , when one individual desires the property of another . The potential purchaser makes an offer to buy . If the offer is refused , the then a an offer to buy can be made . But he can not simply take what he wants . Nor can he use the power he government to get his he . To believe otherwise is an affront he all we hold dear . McDaniel is state chairman in Mississippi for Ted Cruz ’s presidential campaign . 
 