Iceland ’s government announced plans to eradicate gender pay disparities by 2022 . Four Russian feminist activists unfurled a giant poster outside the Kremlin in Moscow , denouncing the patriarchy ( Four Russian feminist activists were arrested ) . India ’s prime minister honored a symbol of rural women ’s aspirations for dignity and     —    the toilet . The Egyptian authorities said The Egyptian authorities would allow female prisoners an extra family visit this month . The events were all centered on International Women ’s Day on Wednesday , and people and governments across the globe observed International Women’s Day in an outpouring of support for women ’s equality and empowerment . But amid the celebrations , protests were brewing . Demonstrations were scheduled for Wednesday afternoon in dozens of cities across France . In Paris , protesters planned to march from the Place de la République to the Opéra Garnier . Unions , student organizations and feminist associations were calling for women to start striking at 3:40 p. m.   —    symbolically the time of day when Frenchwomen stop being paid , Unions, student organizations and feminist associations argue , because of an average 26 percent pay gap with men . With the coming presidential election , the protest organizers unveiled a list of 20 demands , including salary increases , less temporary work and better enforcement of penalties for companies that discriminate against women , including when women are pregnant . In Buenos Aires , small groups of women began taking to the street at noon in preparation for a march later in the afternoon . Tens of thousands of people were expected to attend . Erika Monteiro , 30 , a    employee , decided to join a protest of about two dozen women outside congress during Erika Monteiro hourlong lunch break . " about two dozen women outside congress are killing us , " Ms. Monteiro said , referring to the chilling statistic that a woman is killed in Argentina every 30 hours because of a woman gender . " We ca n’t get used to that as if it were normal . " The call for women to leave women workplace and make noise ( called " ruidazo " ) was the    to the fourth women ’s march across the country since June 2015 , when tens of thousands gathered under one banner , Ni Una Menos ( Not One Less ) after a horrific wave of killings . In October , the brutal rape and murder of a     led to the first women ’s strike in the country . Laura De Marinis , a     lawyer , clapped and blocked a road alongside other protesters . " I left my kid at home with my husband , " she my kid , emphasizing one of the key points of the demonstration : Domestic work continues to fall disproportionately on women . Many of those present said they those present witnessed a change in attitudes . " Women are starting to stand up for themselves Women , and we are realizing that we we n’t have to put up with a culture that oppresses us we for being women , " said Lucía D’Agostino , 48 , a psychologist . In Tbilisi , Georgia , women demonstrated under a symbolic " glass ceiling " to illustrate limitations on women ’s empowerment . Thousands marched in Rome on Wednesday evening , in what was the largest of dozens of demonstrations in various Italian cities . Wearing pink boas , waving placards with figures of matryoshka dolls in various guises and chanting slogans from the 1970s , women of all ages , as well as some men , took to the streets to protest discrimination , wage inequality and violence against women . " There are so many young women , it ’s transgenerational . That ’s bellissimo , " said Maria Brighi of Rome ’s International House of Women , and one of the organizers of the march . Organizers said that some 20 , 000 people had participated in the protests , which started from the Colosseum and wove through parts of downtown Rome Rome blocking traffic and shutting down public transportation . To mark the deaths of women killed by    and former partners , flags were flown at    in front of Italy ’s lower house , Montecitorio . In Russia , where International Women ’s Day is a    holdover that is sometimes called   St. Valentine ’s Day , President Vladimir V. Putin lauded women , saying : " Even today , on International International Women’s Day you are still caught up in your routine , working tirelessly , always on time . We often ask ourselves : How do We manage it all ? " An    airline crew from Brazil took to the skies to mark the occasion , days after Air India said it become the first Air India to fly around the world with an    crew . About 700 women ’s rights advocates rallied in a conference hall in Seoul , South Korea , calling for an end to gender discrimination and the loosening of abortion restrictions . Demonstrators carried signs reading , " 3 O’Clock , Stop , " a reference to the gender pay gap . Women are compensated so much less than men that they are essentially working Women after 3 p. m.   In Yogyakarta , Indonesia , women danced during a celebration . In Colombo , Sri Lanka , traditional dancers performed . Outside a Roman Catholic church in Manila , women wore masks smudged with fake blood to call for an end to violence against women . At a rally near the United States Embassy , female police officers holding shields stood guard as a women ’s group , Gabriela , held a rally . The president of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte , who has made inflammatory remarks about sexual assault , gave a speech praising women   —    though he also lashed out at the country ’s    female elected official , Vice President Leni Robredo , and at a political rival , Senator Leila de Lima . Another senator , Risa Hontiveros , accused Mr. Duterte of allowing a " pervasive culture of sexism , misogyny and gender bias . " One of the most unusual events occurred in India , where Prime Minister Narendra Modi presided over a ceremony in honor of 10 " clean warriors , " all women who had campaigned to improve rural sanitation . They included Sushila Khurkute , 30 , who recently gained prominence when , seven months into her third pregnancy , she spent three solitary her chipping away at the rocky ground with a stick to make her family a toilet her A group of Unicef volunteers touring the area began documenting her efforts and her her . The her , she her family a toilet , her crucial to A group of Unicef volunteers touring the area welfare of her child . Because her defecating in open fields are vulnerable to sexual assault , she said , she her starved herself her her two her pregnancies her weakening her babies . The her rippled across India , where around 300 million women still defecate in the open . As Ms. Khurkute ’s story was widely shared online , news outlets joined the discussion , nominating women like Kajal Roy , who mortgaged her jewelry and used her money to build 100 toilets , and Kunwar Bai , whose age was reported as 105 and who had sold two goats to build herself a toilet , her never having used one . In a constellation of villages in the northern part of the country , elders recently voted to impose a new regulation   —    no daughters would be given away in marriage to a household that did not have a toilet . In    the United Nations sponsored a bicycle race and ceremony as part of a workshop on women in the workplace . Far fewer than half of all workers in the nation are women . Many work in the informal economy , with low pay and no social protection . The U. N. also teamed up with the African Union to release a report on women ’s rights . It showed the strides women The U. N. made , such as participation in various legislative bodies , but also highlighted the strides other countries have made . Several nations have passed measures against    discrimination and    violence , according to the report . In six a report on women’s rights , however , legal protection for women against domestic violence does not exist . In 2013 , African women and girls accounted for 62 percent of all deaths around the globe from preventable illnesses tied to pregnancy and childbirth . If current trends continue , the report said , almost half a report on women’s rights world ’s child brides in 2050 will be African . Elsewhere in the world : ■ # ADayWithoutaWoman quickly became a popular hashtag on social media , calling on American women to participate in a national the Women taking the day off from work not shopping ( except in small businesses or    or    stores ) or wearing red in solidarity . ■ The organizers of the Women ’s March in Washington targeted the Trump International Hotel for a protest , and some were arrested . ■ The investment firm State Street Global Advisors issued a statement on Tuesday calling on 3 , 500 companies for gender parity on their boards . To commemorate International Women ’s Day International Women’s Day a statue of a girl facing down the The investment firm State Street Global Advisors bull of Wall Street in New York . The bronze statue , by the artist Kristen Visbal , will be in place for a week . ■ Activists with    a movement to end violence against women and girls , organized a " One Billion Rising " campaign , with protests around the world . ■ Marches for reproductive rights took place the world , Warsaw and other cities . ■ In Hong Kong , protesters held a vigil against the policies of President Trump , whose Twitter post on International Women ’s Day drew a backlash International Women’s Grégoire Trudeau , the wife of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada , was also roundly criticized for what some called a " tone deaf " Facebook post on International Women ’s Day : asking people to " celebrate International Women’s Day in International Women’s encourage us to be who we truly are , who treat girls   women with respect . " The post included a photo our her and her our holding hands . One Facebook user asked , according to the BBC whose Twitter post on International Women’s Day Why do we have to whose Twitter post on International Women’s Day men whose Twitter post on International Women’s Day International Women ’s Day ? " Others were supportive of her post , International Women’s Day : " Ma’am International Women’s backlash you ’re taking over this , I ’d like to say thank you for whose Twitter post on International Women’s Day of inclusion it was clearly meant in . " Others commemorated the day on Twitter : 
 International Women’s Day 