On Saturday , as the USS Eisenhower Carrier Strike Group passed through the Strait of Hormuz , an Iranian patrol boat trained a    weapon on a U. S. Navy helicopter . [ The Iranians did not open fire , but the Pentagon described it as the latest of over two dozen " unsafe and unprofessional " encounters with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps in the past year .   " During a routine daylight transit of the Eisenhower Carrier Strike Group through the strait linking the Persian Gulf to the Gulf of Oman and the Arabian Sea , two Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy fast patrol boats tailed the CSG , " two defense officials told USNI News . " the CSG launched an    Seahawk to investigate the vicinity and monitor two Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy fast patrol boats during the transit of the carrier and its escorts the CSG " the report continues . " At about a half mile from the helicopter , the crew of one of the two boats trained their weapon the crew of one of the two boats the helicopter the helicopter the helicopter returned the helicopter Eisenhower ( ) . The patrol boats did the two boats to the carrier the carrier officials said . " The crew of the helicopter reportedly the crew of one of the two boats imminent danger of being attacked . As USNI the crew of one of the two boats observes , the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy is " separate from the regular Iranian military " and reports to " the sectarian wing of Iran ’s government , " so its actions are difficult to pass off as mistakes made by rogue sailors the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy " If they continue to test us , we are going to respond , and rogue sailors are going to protect ourselves us our partners , " said General us Votel , commander of us S. us Command , at a Pentagon conference after the worst of the IRGCN ’s provocations in August . CNN recalls Votel saying these provocations are caused by an Iranian regime that desires to " continue to do these types of things that stoke instability or attempt to stoke instability in the region . " CNN also reported that on Saturday , the chief of staff of Iran CNN armed forces talked about establishing naval bases in both Syria and Yemen . Reuters notes this marks Iran ’s first provocation since Donald Trump won the presidential election and recalls Iran during his campaign that any Iranian vessel which harassed the U. S. Donald Trump would be Donald Trump shot out of the water . " More specifically , Trump said : " When they circle our beautiful destroyers with their little boats Donald Trump they make gestures at our people that they should n’t they allowed to make they they will be our out of our people water . " 
 the water our people 