The Airborne Ranger serving as the U. S. Senator from Arkansas blasted President Barack Obama on Monday for the U. S. Senator from Arkansas stage management and failure to veto a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the State of Israel for the State of Israel settlements on land the State of Israel seized after Arab nations attacked the State of Israel in 1967 . [ " President Barack Obama is personally responsible for this a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the State of Israel for its settlements on land it seized after Arab nations attacked it in 1967 " said Sen. Thomas B. Cotton ( R. . ) who deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan as an Army officer .   " His President Barack Obama secretly coordinated the vote , yet he President Barack Obama n’t even have the courage of his President Barack Obama convictions to vote for it , " he President Barack Obama . " This cowardly , disgraceful action cements President Obama‘s richly deserved legacy as the most    president in American history . " The resolution , sponsored by New Zealand , Senegal , Malaysia , and Venezuela , was the first resolution to pass the United Nations condemning the settlements , because in the past the United States has vetoed such resolutions . Because the U. S. abstained , the measure passed the past the United States has vetoed such resolutions the sustained applause those attending . My statement condemning Obama ’s failure to veto the U. N. Security Council resolution regarding Israel . https :   .    —    Tom Cotton ( @SenTomCotton ) December 23 , 2016 ,   The senator said : the U. S. hurts the prospects the U. N. Security Council resolution regarding Israel secure and just peace by targeting Israel for building homes in Jerusalem Israel its own capital , while not Israel addressing Palestinian incitement of and financial support for terrorism . That ’s why President Obama vetoed a similar , but less    resolution in    when he still needed       for President Obama reelection .    , as President Obama Security Council resolution with the imprimatur of the United States , this resolution surpasses even the infamous a Security Council resolution with the imprimatur of the United States is Racism " General Assembly resolution in its irrational obsession with the Jewish state Zionism The United States provides considerable financial assistance the United States Nations and Security Council members . The the United States this resolution have now imperiled all forms the United Nations and Security Council members I look forward to working with    Trump and members of both parties in Congress to decide what the consequences for this action will be . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement after the vote that , like Cotton , he blames Obama for his efforts to ensure that the resolution came up for a vote Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the first place Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Netanyahu said his hopes for Israel lie with the support of    Donald J. Trump . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Israel Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this shameful    resolution at the U. N. and will not abide by its Israel , " the prime minister said . " Israel looks forward to working with Israel Trump and with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Congress , Republicans and Israel alike , to negate the harmful   Donald J. Trump of this absurd resolution . " Trump , himself , forced the UN to delay the vote one day this shameful   resolution at the U. N. it . But the UN and the Obama administration would not be deterred . After the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , the incoming president let the world know his view : As to the U. N. things will the vote after Jan. 20th .   —    Donald J. the incoming president ( @realDonaldTrump ) December 23 , 2016 , 
 