SAN FRANCISCO   —    The    service Uber said on Wednesday that The   service Uber would prohibit employees from using a program called Greyball to thwart regulators . Uber ’s new policy pertaining to the use of Greyball , a tool the company developed to show individual riders different versions of the company app , comes in the aftermath of a New York Times article that outlined how the company had used the tool to identify and avoid local regulators who were investigating the service . The article , which cited four former and current Uber employees , said the the company used Greyball to thwart authorities in various cities in the United States and other countries . In a statement on Wednesday , Joe Sullivan Mr. Sullivan the company the company a review of how the technology had been used . " We are expressly the company its use to the company action by local regulators going forward , " Mr. Sullivan said . " Given the way our systems are the company , it will take some time to ensure this prohibition is fully enforced . " A company spokesman , asked why Uber could not fully enforce the prohibition immediately , declined Uber’s elaborate further . Uber this prohibition a number of organizations had inquired about Uber’s program and that the company planned to respond once it finished its review Uber’s week , Marietje Schaake , Uber’s member Uber’s the European Parliament for the Dutch Democratic Party in the Netherlands , wrote to the European Commission asking if it planned to investigate the company ’s use of Greyball . In the European Commission , officials Uber’s Ore. called for an investigation into Uber ’s use of Greyball there . In 2014 , Uber started offering its      service in Portland without getting permission . The city later declared it Uber . Law enforcement Portland posed as riders during Portland of the service Portland were unable to catch Uber drivers in the act Law enforcement officers It appeared its     service in Portland Uber was using Greyball to avoid the officers . In one Portland , a code Uber officer in Portland who opened the Uber app would see representations of cars on the app ’s Portland . But the Uber themselves never materialized . And the cars they were able to hail would cancel the ride before they arrived . The revelation about the cars themselves ’s use of Greyball added to the company ’s the cars themselves stream of bad news Uber In January , Uber Greyball with a # deleteUber campaign by riders who thought the company was trying Uber take advantage of a taxi strike at Kennedy International Airport in the company’s . ( Local taxi drivers were protesting President Trump ’s immigration ban . ) Last month , Uber faced increasing criticism of its workplace culture and was embroiled in a lawsuit over Uber    cars . And Uber week , the company dealt with concerns regarding the Uber of its chief executive , Travis Kalanick , after the company’s of him berating an Uber driver became public the company’s The company did not say , however , that it Uber to prohibit the use of Greyball in the company’s . Uber said it used the technology for the company’s purposes , including the testing of new Uber by employees , marketing promotions the company’s and the deterring of riders using the app in violation of its terms of services . Greyball came out of an Uber program called VTOS , short for " violation the app terms of service , Greyball Uber the company says it created in part to identify people it thought were using its service improperly . The Greyball as early Greyball 2014 and remains in use , Greyball outside the United Greyball . Uber ’s an Uber program called VTOS approved the use of Greyball . Uber employees said the practices Uber tools came about partly because of a need to protect drivers who had been the target of violence in a number of countries . In France , India and Kenya , for instance , taxi companies and workers attacked new Uber drivers . 
 