The coalitions director of Donald J. Trump ’s Iowa presidential campaign told Breitbart News Friday that both traditional and social media measures tell The coalitions director of Donald J. Trump’s Iowa presidential campaign the Hawkeye State is lining up for Trump , not for The coalitions director of Donald J. Trump’s Iowa presidential campaign Democratic opponent Hillary R. Clinton . [ " The progress of the last month has been absolutely phenomenal , " said Jamie Johnson , who as a talk show host supported Mike Huckabee , the winner of the 2008 GOP Iowa caucus , and worked as coalitions director for Rick Santorum ,    of the 2012 caucus .   Johnson , who joined the Trump campaign July 26 , said Iowa is " a yard sign state " and as he drives around Iowa , he he Trump yard signs everywhere . " Ninety of its 99 counties basically rely on yard signs , or barn signs , they are called barn signs , they they     they they to be plywood , but they they polythene , " he he . Watching how many signs a campaign has up on yards and barns is the most accurate indicator of its a campaign , he he . " I ’ve been driving around Iowa for the last month , " he he . " The only Hillary signs I see are in Des Moines . I saw one other sign in Cedar Rapids , our second largest city . " There are Trump signs everywhere , he he . " It ’s an early indication in a very visible and tangible way that Trump is gaining a lot of traction lately , " he he . " We can not keep bumper stickers or yard signs in our We , " he he . " The moment we We them in the door from New York , they them gone within just a couple of days . " Johnson he there was the same hunger for Trump swag at the just completed annual Farm Progress Show . Iowa farmers are not usually very excited , but they Iowa farmers very excited about everything with Trump ’s name on it , he he . Most Americans think of Iowa Iowa a conservative state , but it Iowa have a long legacy of Democratic and even liberal politics . This was what Sen. Barack Obama ( D. . ) was plugging into in 2008 and then again as president in 2012 . Johnson he something happened in the winter of 2007 , as Iowa Iowa prepared for Thanksgiving and Christmas , that opened their Iowa families to Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) " Faith and family , hearth and home matter in Iowa Iowa for Democrats , Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) with those values . " In the beginning , there were only Clinton signs , but then you would see the switches taking place , he said . " If you saw a Clinton yard sign on Tuesday , by Friday there was an Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) to replace it and the an Obama sign to replace it one word on it : it . " The affection for Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) real and carried over to the 2012 race —   so much so that on the last night of the 2012 campaign , the president flew in to Des Moines to hold his last the president campaign rally as a candidate for president at the site of his 2007 the president . " They did n’t have any time to announce that Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) showing up and there must have been 30 , 000 people , " said Johnson , who hosts a talk show on WHO 1040 AM , the same station that hired a young broadcaster named Ronald W. Reagan . " It was at nine o’clock at night and it was It , " he said Johnson, who hosts a talk show on WHO 1040 AM, the same station that hired a young broadcaster named Ronald W. Reagan In 2012 , Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) Republican W. Mitt Romney 52 percent to 46 percent to collect the state ’s six electoral votes . The reason Clinton has been unable to build on Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) good will in Iowa is that as a senator and even as a president , Obama Sen. Barack Obama (D. .) as an outsider , the talk show host said . Trump is the ultimate outsider and there is no way Clinton can Clinton off being an outsider , he added Trump In addition to the yard and barn sign metrics , Johnson said Trump has Trump to the most advanced social media monitoring program , which allows him to Trump the pulse of the Hawkeye State by measuring the number and tone of posts on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , and other social media platforms for everyone in the state the Hawkeye State reports have told him that Trump the last month , not only are more people talking about Trump , but the talk is very positive —   and it is also reflected in the calls he gets Trump his radio Trump . " The mentions on social media are something like     in favor Trump over Hillary Trump and the negatives on Hillary are     Hillary the positives on Trump are   Trump he said Trump The final factor in Trump ’s favor Trump the reelection campaign of GOP Sen. Charles E. " Chuck " Grassley , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , he said Trump Grassley , who was elected on the coattails of President Reagan ’s 1980 landslide , is the most revered politician in the state , he said Trump " He is Trump a god in Iowa , " he said Trump " His being Trump the ticket actually helps Donald Trump —   Trump does n’t Donald Trump Grassley , Grassley helps Trump Grassley " Donald Trump 