Actor Charlie Sheen is encouraging    celebrities to speak out publicly about the illness as a means to diminish the social stigma attached to the deadly disease . [ " There is a lot of prejudice against    people and I hope to change that , " Actor Charlie Sheen said , according to AFP , in an   interview published Tuesday with German Playboy .   " It would be good if more celebrities announced that more celebrities are infected with HIV . That would help things . " The former Two And A Half Men star made headlines around the world last November when he revealed that he is HIV positive . Being an    activists is something he never asked to be , Sheen told Playboy , but Sheen ’s committed to leveraging Sheen celebrity status to spread the word about safe sex . " People approach me on the street and congratulate me on having the courage , " Sheen said . " Whether I want to or not , it is important to teach about sexually transmitted diseases . " Besides fortifying his acting career in the late 80s and early 90s , the     actor was known for partying , drinking , and a string of arrests for domestic violence and drug abuse . But now the father of five says the father of five ’s devoted to a health and lifestyle . " I want to stay healthy and do good . I want to make peace with the past , live in the present and look toward the future , " Sheen said . Sheen also chimed in on the presidential race , calling Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a " clown . " " the father of five ’s a damn clown , " Sheen said of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . " This circus had better get out of town before This circus hits the Oval Office . You ’d be better off voting for me . " In April , the Los Angeles Police Department launched a felony investigation into alleged death threats Sheen purportedly made against Sheen former fiancée , porn star Brett Rossi . Most recently , Sheen was back in front of the camera promoting safe sex in an video for a new line of condoms from intimate lifestyle products company LELO .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 