PANAMA CITY BEACH , FL   —    On a    night in front of a crowd strewn out on blankets and beach towels just a stone ’s throw from the Gulf of Mexico , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made another push in the solidly Republican part of Florida to heighten enthusiasm for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump bid for the White House . [ If Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s       lewd comments caught by Access Hollywood are having any effect on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump presidential campaign , lewd comments caught by Access Hollywood are not showing in northwest Florida .   As usual in the panhandle , twice   —    in Pensacola 100 miles down the coast and now in Panama City Beach   —    Trump easily achieved the capacity crowd set at 7 , 000 .     Opening the event for Trump as Trump has often done on the campaign trail was former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani commented on the news of the day , in particular the recent revelations included in the WikiLeaks drop , and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani called out Trump ’s opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . " I actually believe while looking at all these Wikileaks , we ’re dealing with a pathological liar , " former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said to a cheering crowd . The heaviest applause was saved for Trump , when he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani attacked Clinton opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton a " vessel " for the establishment . " Hillary is a vessel for the corrupt global establishment that is raiding our country and ruining the sovereignty of our nation , " he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani in the opening moments of his former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . When asked by Breitbart News about the recently unveiled Access Hollywood audio from 2005 showing Trump making lewd comments about women , attendees shrugged it off and said he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani was still better than Hillary " or that " Clinton had done much worse " while serving in government . Trump Trump attendees should Clinton Clinton elected , it could mean the end of such rallies and urged attendees to get out the vote . " You ’re going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life , " he Trump . " You ’re going to remember this day . This is a movement like nobody has ever seen before . It This is . It This an amazing thing . We take it This granted almost . It This an amazing thing .   Panama City Beach is the first of four stops in three days in Florida for the Trump Tomorrow , Trump will make appearances in Ocala and Lakeland . On Thursday , he will appear Trump West Panama City Beach Trump has lost some ground Trump Florida in recent Florida   —    down by less than six points , according to the Real Clear Politics average . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 