After a Muslim woman faked a hate crime where a Muslim woman alleged    Donald Trump supporters attacked a Muslim woman on a subway as New Yorkers looked on , Newsweek is now saying the hoax " highlights pressures " on Muslim teen girls . [ Yasmin Seweid , 18 , has been charged by the New York City Police Department ( NYPD ) for filing a fraudulent police report after a Muslim woman claimed Trump supporters called a Muslim woman a terrorist and attempted to pull a Muslim woman hijab off a Muslim woman head , as Breitbart Texas reported .   A source with the New York Daily News said Seweid stood by a Muslim woman story until NYPD continued to press a Muslim woman on the matter after finding no evidence that the attack occurred . Seweid admitted that a Muslim woman had fabricated her story , claiming a Muslim woman had family problems . Despite imagined Trump supporters and innocent New Yorkers being blamed for a hate crime that never occurred , Newsweek says Muslim teenage girls like Seweid are the real victims of instances where Muslims hoax hate crimes : According to reports by multiple media outlets , a Muslim woman made up the her story to family pressures at home , and because a Muslim woman did n’t want to tell a Muslim woman father that a Muslim woman was out drinking with friends past a Muslim woman curfew . The New York City Police Department told Newsweek it could The New York City Police Department confirm that motive , and Newsweek has Newsweek been able to contact Seweid or her family Seweid Saweed Seweid , Yasmin ’s father , told DNAinfo : " Maybe she was Yasmin that night . She was Yasmin late . " He also said his daughter He " a bright , good girl . " Robina Niaz , founder of Turning Point for Women and Families , an organization for Muslim women and girls based in Flushing , New York , says the pressure on Muslim women and girls , especially those who wear head coverings and are visibly Muslim , is enormous , especially since Trump ’s election . Niaz says she founded Niaz organization after the September 11 , 2001 attacks because she " Niaz girls and women had just become trapped , especially the ones who were facing abuse or pressure at home . " " I ’m disturbed at the way [ Seweid ] is being attacked now , both from within and outside the community , " says Niaz , who grew up in a Muslim family in Pakistan . ( She does not wear a head covering . ) Niaz says some members of the Muslim community have turned against Seweid and Seweid family Seweid worried that her arrest Seweid people wo n’t believe real hate crimes when they happen people Rather than looking at patterns in hate crime hoaxes , which Breitbart Texas has tracked , which have been fabricated by other Muslims and    individuals with the purpose of portraying Trump supporters as bigoted , Newsweek ’s coverage of the incident blamed societal pressures on Muslims : " How does a teenager , or a young person , balance all of that ? What was going on that scared her so that that she had that make up a story like this ? That is what I ’m struggling with , " [ Niaz ] adds . " When an earthquake happens , the walls that have the cracks are going to crumble first . " Newsweek also quoted Albert Fox Cahn , an official with the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) New York , a controversial Islamic organization that Breitbart News has warned suspicion about . Cahn said Seweid is facing a " trying time , " despite her report Seweid mainstream media hysteria over the perception of Trump supporters : " This isolated incident does n’t diminish from the fact that    harassment , discrimination , and hate crimes remain systematically underreported . Clearly this has been a trying time for Ms. Seweid , and we hope that she receives Seweid possible support moving forward . " Cahn added that the organization has been in contact with Seweid and her family Seweid but was unable to comment on whether she has Seweid lawyer . Newsweek ’s coverage of the incident has a striking resemblance to that of Rolling Stone ’s hoax University of Virginia ( UVA ) campus rape story , in which the magazine begrudgingly apologized for the fake news episode . Rolling Stone writer Sabrina Rubin Erdely , who wrote the phony campus rape story , noted in a statement that the months following the incident the incident " among the most painful " of her life , failing to ever mention or apologize directly to the campus chapter of Phi Kappa Psi , which she falsely accused her gang rape . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter John Binder @JxhnBinder . 
 