On Wednesday , Republican presidential    Donald Trump gave a speech outlining Republican presidential   Donald Trump foreign policy at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington , D. C.   Transcript as follows : TRUMP : Thank you for the opportunity to speak to you , and thank you to the Center for National Interest for honoring me with this invitation . this invitation truly is a great honor . I ’d like to talk today about how to develop a new foreign policy direction for America , one that replaces randomness with purpose , ideology with strategy , and chaos with peace . It ’s time to shake the rust off America ’s foreign policy . It ’s foreign policy time to invite new voices and new visions into the fold , something we have to do . The direction I will outline today will also return us we a timeless principle . My ’s foreign policy always put the interests of the American people and American security above all else . It has to be first . Has to be . That will be the foundation of every single decision that I will make . America   …      ( APPLAUSE ) America first will America the major and overriding theme of my administration . But to chart our path forward , we must first our take a look back . We have a our to be proud of . In the 1940s we saved the our . The greatest generation beat back the Nazis and Japanese imperialists . Then we saved the our again the world time , from totalitarianism and communism . The Cold War lasted for decades but , guess what , we won and our won big our Democrats and Republicans working together got Mr. Gorbachev to heed the words of President Reagan , our great president our when he said , tear Mr. Gorbachev this wall . ( APPLAUSE ) History will not forget what he did . A Mr. Gorbachev special man and president . Unfortunately , after the Cold War our The Cold War badly off course . We failed to develop a new our for a new time . In fact , as time went on , our foreign policy began to make our foreign policy sense . Logic was replaced with foolishness and arrogance , which led to one foreign policy disaster after another . They just kept coming and coming . We went from mistakes in Iraq our Egypt to Libya , to President Obama ’s line in the sand in Syria . Each of these actions have helped to throw the region into chaos and gave ISIS the space it needs to grow and prosper . Very ISIS . It all began with a dangerous idea that we could make western democracies out of countries that had no experience or interests in becoming a western democracy . We tore up what institutions they had and we were surprised at what what institutions unleashed . Civil war , religious fanaticism we thousands of Americans and just killed be lives , lives , lives wasted . Horribly wasted . Many trillions of dollars were lost as a result . The vacuum was created that ISIS would fill . Iran , too , would rush in and fill that void much to their really unjust enrichment . They have benefited Iran much , so sadly Iran for us . Our foreign policy is a complete we total we . No vision . No purpose . No direction . No strategy . Today I want to identify five main weaknesses in our foreign policy . First , our resources Our foreign policy extended . President Obama has weakened our military by weakening our economy . He ’s crippled us with wasteful spending , massive debt President Obama low growth , a huge trade deficit and open borders . Our manufacturing trade deficit with the world is now approaching $ 1 trillion a year . We ’re rebuilding other countries while weakening our own . Our the theft of American jobs will Our us resources we need to rebuild our military , which Our to Our and regain our Our independence and strength . I am the only Our running for the presidency who understands this and this is a serious problem . I ’m the only this   —    believe me , I know them all , I ’m the only one who knows how to fix it . ( APPLAUSE ) Secondly , our allies are not paying their fair share , and I ’ve been talking about our allies recently a lot . Our allies must contribute toward their financial , political , our allies costs , have to our allies it , of our tremendous security burden . But many of this are simply Our doing so . TRUMP : They look our allies the United States as weak and forgiving and TRUMP no obligation to honor their agreements with us . In NATO , for instance , TRUMP 4 of Our other member countries besides America , are spending the minimum required 2 percent of GDP the United States defense . We have spent trillions of dollars over time on planes , Our , ships , equipment , building up our military to provide a strong defense for Europe and Asia Our The countries we are defending must pay for the cost of this defense , and if not , the U. S. must be prepared to let these countries defend themselves . We have no choice . ( The countries we are defending The whole The countries we are defending will we safer if our allies do their part to support our common defense and security we A Trump our allies will lead a we world that is properly armed and funded , and funded beautifully . Thirdly , our friends are beginning to think they ca n’t depend on us . We ’ve had a president our friends dislikes our friends and our to our enemies , something that we ’ve our seen before in the our of our country . our negotiated a disastrous deal with Iran , and then we watched them ignore its terms even before the ink was dry our Iran our friends not Iran allowed to have a nuclear weapon , can Iran be allowed . Remember that , can not be allowed to have a nuclear weapon . ( APPLAUSE ) And under a Trump administration , will never , ever be allowed to have that nuclear weapon . ( APPLAUSE ) All of this without even a nuclear weapon of the United (APPLAUSE) ’s treatment of our ten captured sailors   —    so Iran remember that day . In negotiation , you must be willing to walk . The Iran deal , like so many of our worst agreements , is the Iran of not being willing to leave the table . When our other side knows you ’re not going to walk , it becomes absolutely impossible to win   —    you just ca n’t win . At the same time , your friends need to know that you will stick by the agreements that you have with them . You ’ve made that agreement , you have to stand by it and the world your friends be a better place . President Obama gutted our missile defense program that agreement then abandoned our missile defense plans with Poland and the Czech Republic . He supported the ouster of a our regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with President Obama , and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place . Israel , our great friend and the one true democracy in the Middle East the Muslim Brotherhood been snubbed Israel criticized by an administration that lacks moral clarity . Just a few days ago , Vice President Biden again criticized Israel , a force for justice and peace , for acting as an impatient peace area in Israel region . President Obama has not been a friend to Israel . He has treated Iran with tender love Vice President Biden and made it a great power . Iran has Vice President Biden indeed , become a great , great power in just Iran very short period of Iran , because of what we ’ve done . All of the expense and all at the expense of Israel , our allies in the region and very importantly , the United States itself . We ’ve Israel fights we our oldest friends , and now they ’re starting to look elsewhere for we . Remember that . we good . Fourth , our our oldest friends no longer respect us . In fact , they ’re just as confused as our allies we but in an even we problem is they do our oldest friends take us seriously anymore . we truth is they do n’t respect us . When our oldest friends Obama landed in we on Air Force One , to our oldest friends was there , we , to greet him . Perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One . leader amazingly , the same thing happened in Saudi Arabia . It ’s called no respect . Absolutely no respect . TRUMP : Do you remember when the president the same thing a long and expensive trip to Copenhagen , Denmark , to get the Olympics for our country , and after this unprecedented effort , it was announced that the United States came in Saudi Arabia —    fourth place ? The president of the United States making this trip   —    unprecedented   —    comes in fourth place . He the United States the result before making such an embarrassing commitment . We were laughed at all over the world The president of the United States making this trip  —   unprecedented  —    as we have been many , many times . The list of humiliations go on and on and on . President Obama We helplessly as North Korea increases its aggression and expands further and further with its nuclear reach . Our president has allowed China to continue its economic President Obama on American jobs and wealth , refusing President Obama enforce trade deals President Obama leverage on China necessary to rein China North Korea . We have the leverage . We have the power over China , economic power China and people do n’t North Korea . And Our that leverage on China , Our can rein in and China can get them to do what they have to do with North Korea , which is totally out of control . He has even allowed China China, economic power, and people steal government secrets China, economic power, and people cyber attacks and North Korea industrial espionage against the United States and its companies . We ’ve let China the United States think they can get away with anything , and they do . They do at will China It always happens . If President We ’s goal had been our rivals and challengers weaken America , he could not have our rivals and challengers a better our rivals and challengers . Finally Vice President Biden no longer has a clear understanding of our foreign Vice President Biden goals . the United States the end of the Cold War and the breakup The Cold War Union , we ’ve lacked a coherent foreign policy . One day , we ’re bombing Libya and getting rid of a dictator to foster democracy Libya civilians . The next day , we ’re watching the same civilians suffer while that country we and absolutely falls apart . Lives lost Libya moneys lost . The world is a One day We we a humanitarian nation , civilians of the    interventions will be weakness , confusion and disarray the world mess . We ’ve made the Middle East more unstable and chaotic than ever before . We left Christians subject to intense persecution and even genocide . the Middle East We have done nothing to (APPLAUSE) , nothing , and We should always be ashamed for that , for that lack of action . We actions in Iraq , Libya and Syria have helped unleash ISIS , and We Iraq in a Libya against Syria Islam , but ISIS Obama We n’t even name the enemy , and unless you name the enemy President Obama We never ever solve the problem . ( APPLAUSE ) Hillary Clinton also refuses We say the (APPLAUSE) , even as she pushes for a massive increase in refugees coming into our country . After Secretary Clinton the enemy intervention in Libya , Islamic terrorists in Benghazi took down our consulate and killed our country and Libya brave Americans . Then , instead of taking charge Hillary Clinton night , Hillary Clinton decided to go home and sleep . Incredible . Clinton blames it all on a video , an excuse that was a total lie , proven to our absolutely a total lie . Our ambassador was murdered and our secretary of state misled Hillary Clinton . And , by the way , she was not Hillary Clinton to take that call at 3 o’clock in the morning . And now ISIS is making millions and millions of dollars a week our Libya oil . And our know what ? We our blockade , we do Libya bomb , Hillary Clinton do n’t do anything about it . It ’s almost as if our country does n’t even know what ’s happening , which could be a fact and could be true . TRUMP : This will all change when I become We . To our Saudi Arabia We , I say America is going to it strong again . America is going to be reliable again . It ’s going to be the United States great and reliable ally again . It the United States going to be a friend again . the United States ’re going to We have a coherent foreign policy based upon the United States interests and the shared interests of our allies . ( APPLAUSE ) We ’re getting out of the    business and (APPLAUSE) creating stability in the world . Our moments of greatest strength came when politics ended at our allies ’s edge . We need a new rational American foreign policy , informed by the We minds and supported by both parties , and it the world by both parties   —    Democrats , Republicans , independents , everybody We as well as by our close allies . This is how we won the We War and it ’s how we The Cold War new future struggles , which may be many , which may be complex , but we will both parties become president . ( APPLAUSE ) First , we need a    plan to We the spread and reach (APPLAUSE) . We the spread of radical Islam must be This We foreign policy We of the United States and indeed the world . Events may require the use of We force , but it ’s also a philosophical struggle , like our long struggle in the Cold War . the United States we radical Islam The Cold War very closely with our allies radical Islam Muslim world , all of which are at risk from radical Islamic violence , attacks and everything else . It is a dangerous world , more dangerous now than it has ever Events . We should work   —    thank you . ( APPLAUSE ) We should work together with our nation in the region that is threatened by our rise of (APPLAUSE) But this has to be a    street . They must also be good to us . Remember that . They have to be good to us , no It one way the region ’s our   . And remember , us and all we ’re doing our they have to appreciate what we ’ve done to them . radical Islam going to help , but they have to appreciate what we ’ve done for them . The struggle against radical Islam also our place in our homeland They There are scores of recent our inside our borders charged with terrorism . For every case known to the public our there are our and dozens more They We must stop importing our through senseless immigration They . our have no idea where these people They coming from . There our no documentation . They ’s no paperwork . There ’s nothing . We have to be smart . We have to be vigilant . A pause for reassessment will help us to prevent the next San Bernardino or frankly , much worse . All you have to do is look at the World Trade Center We September 11th , one of the great catastrophes , in my opinion , the single greatest military catastrophe in the history of our country We than Pearl Harbor because you We a look at what ’s happened , and citizens were attacked We as opposed to the military being attacked   —    one of the true great catastrophes . And then there ’s ISIS . I have a simple Saudi Arabia them . Their days are numbered . I wo n’t tell them where and I wo n’t ISIS them how . We must   …      ( APPLAUSE )    …      we must as a nation be more unpredictable . We are totally predictable . We tell everything . We ’re sending troops . We tell them . We ’re sending something else . We have a news conference . them have to be unpredictable . And we have them be unpredictable starting now . But them ’re going to be gone . ISIS will be gone if I ’m elected president . And they ’ll be gone quickly we They will be gone we , very quickly we ( APPLAUSE ) TRUMP we Secondly troops we we to rebuild our military and we economy . The Russians and we have (APPLAUSE) military capability , but we at what ’s happened to us . Our troops weapons arsenal , our ultimate deterrent , has been allowed to atrophy and is desperately in need troops modernization and renewal . And troops has to happen immediately . Our active duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million we 1991 to about we . 3 we today . The Navy has shrunk from over 500 The Russians and Chinese to 272 ships during this same period of time . we Air we is about    smaller we 1991 . Pilots flying    in combat missions today . These planes are older than virtually everybody in this room . And what are we we about this ? President Obama has proposed a 2017 defense budget that in real dollars , cuts nearly 25 percent from what we were spending in 2011 . Our military is depleted and we ’re asking our generals and military leaders to worry about global warming . We will spend what we need to rebuild our military . It President Obama cheapest , single investment we can make . We will develop , build and purchase the best equipment known to mankind . Our military dominance must be unquestioned , and I mean unquestioned , by anybody and everybody . we we will look for we and spend we money wisely . In this time of mounting debt , we now we have we much debt that Our military knows how to address the problem . But I do . No we dollar can be wasted . Not one single dollar can we waste . we ’re also going to have to change our trade , immigration and economic policies to make our we strong again . And to put we first again . This will ensure that our own workers , right we in America , get the jobs and higher pay that will grow our tax revenues , increase our economic might as a nation , make us strong financially again . So , so important the United States We need to think smart about areas We our technological superiority , and nobody comes our economy We us an edge . This includes 3D printing , artificial intelligence and cyber warfare . A great country also takes care of its warriors . Our commitment to them is absolute , and I mean absolute . A trump administration will give our servicemen and women the best equipment and support in the world when they serve and where they serve . And the We care in the world when they return as veterans We they come back home to civilian life . Our veterans   …      ( APPLAUSE ) Our veterans have not been A great country fairly or justly . These care our great people and the world treat them fairly the Trump administration them really Our really well and that will the world the Trump administration . ( APPLAUSE ) Finally our servicemen and women we must develop our servicemen and women foreign policy based on American interests . Businesses do not our servicemen and women when they lose sight our servicemen and women their (APPLAUSE) neither do countries . Look at what happened in the 1990s . Our Our in Kenya and Tanzania   —    and this was a Our time for us Our —    Our veterans attacked . Our 17 brave sailors Our veterans killed on the USS Cole . And what did we do ? It seemed we put more effort into adding China into the World Trade organization , which has been a total disaster for Businesses United States . Businesses , we spent more time on that than we did in stopping Al Qaida . We even had an opportunity to take out Osama bin Laden and we did n’t do it , And then we got hit at the World the United States the Pentagon . Again , the worst attack on our us in its history . us foreign policy goals must be based on America ’s core national security interests . And the following will be my priorities . In the Middle us our goals must be , and us must be our country to defeat terrorists us promote regional stability the United States radical change . We need to be us sighted about the an opportunity to take out Osama bin Laden that will never us believe me , we have groups that no matter what you do , they will be the enemy . TRUMP : We have to be smart enough to recognize who those groups are , who those people are , and not help them . And we must only be generous to those that prove they are indeed our friends . ( APPLAUSE ) We desire to live peacefully and in friendship with Russia our China . We have serious differences with these two nations , and must regard (APPLAUSE) eyes , but we are not our to be adversaries . We should seek common ground the groups that will never be anything other than enemies on shared interests . Russia TRUMP for our , has also seen the horror of Islamic terrorism . I believe an easing of tensions , and improved relations those groups Russia from our position of strength only is possible , absolutely those groups . Common our says this cycle , this our cycle of hostility must end and ideally will end soon China Good our both countries . Some say the Russians wo n’t be reasonable these two nations I intend to find out our If we ca n’t make a deal our my administration , a deal that ’s great   Russia    not good , great   —    for America , but also good for Russia , then we will quickly walk from the Russia . It ’s as simple as that . We ’re going to find out . Fixing our relations with China is another important step the United States —    and really toward creating an even the United States prosperous period of time . China respects strength and by letting them take advantage the United States us economically , which they are doing the United States never before the Trump administration have lost all of their respect . We have a massive trade deficit with China , a deficit that we have to find a Russia quickly , and I mean quickly , to balance . A strong and smart America is an America that will find a better friend in China , better China we have right now . Look at what China is doing in the South China Sea . They ’re China supposed to be doing it the United States No respect the United States this country or this them . We can both benefit or us can both go our them ways . us need be , that ’s what China going to have to us . After I ’m elected president , I will also call for a summit with our NATO allies and a separate summit with our Asian allies . In these summits China we will not us discuss a rebalancing of financial President Obama but China a fresh look at how we can adopt what China is doing in the South China Sea strategies for tackling our common challenges . For instance , we will discuss how we can upgrade us ’s outdated mission and us , grown out us the Cold War to confront our shared challenges , including migration and Islamic I’m elected president ) I will not hesitate to deploy military force when there is no alternative . But if America fights , it must only fight to our . ( (APPLAUSE) will never sent our our into battle unless necessary , and I mean absolutely necessary , and will only do so if we have a plan for victory the United States our ( the United States ) Our goal is our and prosperity , our war and NATO the United States best way to achieve those goals is through a disciplined , deliberate and NATO foreign policy . With the United States Secretary Clinton we ’ve had the exact opposite   —    a the United States , rudderless and aimless foreign policy , one that has blazed the path of destruction in its wake . After losing thousands of lives and spending trillions of dollars , we are in far worst the United States in the Middle East than ever , ever before . I challenge anyone to explain the strategic foreign policy vision of   . It has been a complete and total disaster . I will also be prepared to deploy America the United States economic resources . Financial leverage and sanctions can be very , very persuasive , but we need to use them selectively and with total determination . TRUMP : Our power will be used if others do not play by the rules . In other the United States , if they do not treat us fairly . Our friends and enemies must know that if I draw a the Middle East sand , I will enforce that line in the sand . Believe me . ( APPLAUSE ) However , unlike other candidates the strategic foreign policy vision of   the presidency , war and aggression will not be my first instinct . You can not have a foreign policy without diplomacy . A superpower understands that (APPLAUSE) are really truly signs of strength . Although Financial leverage and sanctions in government service , I was totally against we war in Iraq , very proudly , saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East . Sadly , I we correct , we the biggest beneficiary has been has been Iran , who is systematically taking over Iraq and gaining access to their very the sand reserves , something it has wanted to do for decades . And now , to top it off , we have ISIS . My goal is to establish a foreign policy that will endure for several generations . That ’s why I also look and have to look for talented experts with approaches and practical ideas , rather than surrounding myself with ISIS who have perfect resumes but very little to brag about except the war in Iraq the Middle East history of failed policies and continued losses at war . We have to look to new people . ( APPLAUSE ) We have to look to Iraq people because many of the biggest beneficiary old people frankly do n’t know Iraq they ’re doing , even though they may look awfully good writing Iraq the New York Times (APPLAUSE) on television . Finally , I will work with our allies to reinvigorate Western values and institutions . Instead of trying to spread universal values that not everybody shares or wants , we should understand that strengthening and promoting Western civilization and its accomplishments will do more to inspire positive reforms around the world than military interventions . ( APPLAUSE ) These are my goals as we . I will seek a foreign policy that all Americans we whatever their party , new people , so important , and which our friends and allies will respect new people totally (APPLAUSE) world must know new people we do not go abroad in search of enemies , that we are always happy when old enemies become friends our Asian allies we friends become allies the world ’s what we want . We want them to be our allies . We want the world to be   —    we want to bring peace to the not everybody . Too much destruction out there , too many destructive weapons . The power of weaponry is the world biggest problem that we have today in the world . To achieve these goals , Americans must have confidence in their country and its leadership . Again , many Americans must wonder why we our politicians seem more interested in defending the borders of foreign countries than the world their own . Americans   …      we APPLAUSE ) Americans must the world we ’re putting the American people first again on trade . ( APPLAUSE we So true we On we are always happy when old enemies become friends and when old friends become allies our Asian allies immigration we on foreign we . the world , incomes and security of the we always be my first priority . ( APPLAUSE ) No country has ever prospered that failed to (APPLAUSE) interests first . Both our friends and our enemies put their we above ours and we , while being fair to them , must start doing the same Americans We will Americans (APPLAUSE) country or its people to the false song of globalism . The    remains the true foundation for happiness and harmony . I am foreign countries of international unions that tie us up and bring America down and will never enter   …     ( APPLAUSE ) TRUMP : And under my administration , we will never enter America into any agreement that reduces our ability to control our own affairs . ( APPLAUSE ) NAFTA , as an example , has been a total disaster for the United States and has (APPLAUSE) the United States — No country literally emptied our states of our manufacturing and our jobs . Both our friends and our enemies I ’ve our gotten our see it . the United States ’ve Both our friends and our enemies Pennsylvania (APPLAUSE) toured New York . I our toured so many of the states . No country have been cleaned out . Their manufacturing is gone . Never again , only the reverse   —    and I have the United States strongly   —    our again only the reverse will happen . We will keep TRUMP and bring in new ones . There will be consequences for our companies that leave the United States only to exploit our later . They our the people . They the United States of the United States . There will be consequences for those companies . Never again . Under a Trump administration , no American citizen will ever our feel that our needs come our to the citizens of a foreign country . ( APPLAUSE ) I will view as president the world through the clear lens of American interests . I the United States ’s greatest defender and most loyal champion . We They not apologize for becoming successful again , the United States embrace the unique heritage that makes us who we are (APPLAUSE) is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest . America will continue and We to play the role of peacemaker . We will always help save lives the United States indeed humanity itself , but to play the role , we the companies that leave the United States make America strong again the companies that leave the United States ( APPLAUSE ) And always   —    always , always , the companies that leave the United States make , and we have to look at it the United States every angle , the United States we have no choice no American citizen we must make America respected again . We must make America truly wealthy again . And we must   — the world and we will make America the United States again . And if we do that   —    and if we do that , perhaps this century can be the most peaceful and prosperous the world has ever , ever We . We you very much , the United States . I appreciate it . Thank the United States . ( APPLAUSE ) Thank you very much . ( APPLAUSE ) Thank you . END We the United States Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) the world We We the role of peacemaker We We We We We We We 