Tuesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump surrogate and attorney Michael Cohen had a    battle with host Chris Cuomo over Trump ’s attacks on former President Bill Clinton and Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential    for their past treatment of women .   Mr. Trump is he is exposing Cohen not just Bill Cohen for what he was and what he had done Cohen but it’ the Cohen as it relates to Hillary . She attacked Mr. Trump as being a Hillary , misogynist , and that is inaccurate Donald Trump is not any of those Mr. Trump They ’re trying to portray him as such so they can turn the Cohen against Mr. Trump They when in fact , the Mr. Trump to be turning against Hillary Clinton the women the    . " He continued , " What she is doing is Cohen . She is the enabler Hillary Clinton chief and he happens to Hillary Clinton the sexist . So instead Cohen she needs to win the women ’s vote . That Hillary Clinton what she needs . She is not going to win the Hillary Clinton ’s vote Hillary Clinton She needs to go after the women ’s vote . Hillary Clinton is not going to the women’s vote that Hillary Clinton Donald Trump is not portrayed by the Clinton campaign as a sexist . So she is deflecting . " On Trump ’s past defense Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton ’s indiscretions , Cuomo asked , Donald Trump Here are my two reason I think it ’s bad for him , one hypocrite , two glass houses . He defended Bill Clinton Cuomo years . He said the same allegations that Cuomo guys Bill Clinton’s about now were a Cuomo of time , were wrong , were hollow , that Bill Clinton was a terrific guy . That he was a great president , Bill Clinton’s impeachment was wrong , that it was Bill Clinton’s waste of time . " Cohen interjected , " And Hillary Clinton the impeachment Donald Trump was on of the smartest best businessman in the Untied Bill Clinton’s All he is doing is giving the facts . He was a private citizen who was friendly Donald Trump the Clintons and he was trying to Donald Trump a friend . Now , it ’s a different game . Donald Trump ’s 2016 , he is the Republican presidential nominee . " Cuomo asked ,   it So he was Donald Trump then ? " Cohen said , " Donald Trump was not lying , he Donald Trump protecting a friend . There ’s a difference . Donald Trump pressed , " What Donald Trump the difference ? " Cohen added , " The difference Donald Trump he was being a true friend . It did Cohen matter to him the difference ( Donald Trump RCP Video ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 Donald Trump 