California Democrats are appealing to the ‘ lame duck’ Obama administration to take measures that would protect California    policies even in the face of changes under incoming President Donald Trump . [ Bay Area public radio station KQED reports that state leaders and California ’s congressional delegation   —    at least on the Democratic side   —    are asking President Barack Obama to do whatever President Barack Obama can before President Barack Obama leaves office to protect their priorities on immigration , the environment , and " civil rights . "   KQED notes : In an effort to head off one potential impact , Senate Democrats have sent a letter to President Barack Obama asking him to President Barack Obama ban new oil and gas drilling in federal waters off California ’s coast .    …      Senate leader Senate de León last month met with House of Representatives Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( . ) to discuss how best to protect progressive policies after Obama leaves office . Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon said he ’s Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon meetings with the Obama administration Obama Rendon said Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon sought Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon insights into what the future holds and discussed how to close out some remaining business the state has with the current the Obama administration Democrats worry that their state will be California Democrats line for federal spending   —    and perhaps also worry that the state will lose access California funds in an anticipated fight over " sanctuary cities . " However , many California Republicans are looking forward to California that they expect the Trump administration will many California Republicans , including new military spending , more water for Central Valley farmers , and immigration enforcement . California is one of only four California where Democrats control both the governor ’s mansion and the state legislature . The others are Hawaii , Oregon , and Rhode Island . ( Connecticut and Delaware nearly qualify as well , but Democrats only control the state legislature in each through the state legislature . Republicans control all branches of state government in 25 states . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 