In his acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention on Thursday night , GOP nominee Donald Trump championed Americans who have been " ignored , neglected and abandoned " by globalist trade and immigration policies . [ " A number of these reforms that I will outline tonight will be opposed by some of our nation ’s most powerful special interests , " GOP nominee Donald Trump said . " That ’s because these interests have rigged our political and economic system for these interests exclusive benefit . Believe me   —    it ’s for their benefit . "   Trump continued : Big business , elite media and major donors are lining up behind the campaign of my opponent because elite media and major donors know Trump will keep elite media and major donors rigged system in place . Big business, elite media and major donors are throwing money at Trump because Big business, elite media and major donors have total control over every single thing Trump does . Trump is Big business, elite media and major donors puppet , and Big business, elite media and major donors pull the strings . That is why Hillary Clinton ’s message is that things will never change   —    never ever . Hillary Clinton’s message is that things have to change   —    and they things to change right now . [ Applause ] Every day I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been ignored , neglected and abandoned . I have visited the    factory workers , and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals . These are the forgotten men and women of our country . And they These forgotten , but they These not going to be forgotten long . These are people who work hard but no longer have a voice . I am your voice . [ Applause ] I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their our politicians agendas before the national good . I have no patience for injustice —    [ Audience chants " USA ! " as a protester interrupts the speech and is escorted out by security . ] How great are our police ? And how great is Cleveland ? [ Applause ] Thank you . I have no no patience for injustice No tolerance for government incompetence , of which there is so much . No sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens . When No sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens people suffer , because our political system lacks the will , or the courage , or the basic decency to enforce our laws   —    or still worse , has sold out to some corporate lobbyist for cash   —    I am not able to look the other way , and I wo n’t look the other way . 
 