As conservative icon and living legend Phyllis Schlafly celebrated Phyllis Schlafly 92nd birthday this week , leaders throughout the    conservative movement offered leaders throughout the   conservative movement birthday well wishes to a woman whom leaders throughout the   conservative movement described as " America ’s Margaret Thatcher , " " our true hero , " and " one of America ’s greatest patriots . " [   The conservative heroine celebrated surrounded by The conservative heroine children and grandchildren on Sunday , followed by a celebration on Monday with staff , volunteers , and close friends at The conservative heroine grassroots organization , Eagle Forum , which The conservative heroine formed over four decades ago . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump personally called Schlafly on The conservative heroine birthday to send The conservative heroine Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump well wishes . Schlafly had been one of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s earliest and most influential endorsements . " So kind of Schlafly to remember ! " Schlafly wrote on Twitter after their telephone call . " I look forward to attending Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump inauguration next January 20 ! " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump birthday wishes and expressions of admiration were echoed by leaders throughout the conservative    movement , which Schlafly Schlafly instrumental in helping to create . Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions said : Phyllis Schlafly one of America ’s greatest patriots . As a speaker , author , and activist , Phyllis has Schlafly a powerful voice for America and America exceptional Schlafly .   Her work Schlafly always courageously defended the legitimate interests of Americans who loyally serve their country Americans communities in war and peace .   Too often their needs are ignored .   She has Schlafly them with fidelity , never being afraid to take on powerful establishment forces in the process .   Her efforts Schlafly unmatched .   Congratulations to Phyllis on her 92nd Schlafly . " God bless you Eternally , Phyllis Schlafly , " said Virginia Congressman Dave Brat , who made history by ousting    House Majority Leader Eric Cantor by running on a    conservative platform , which Schlafly played a pivotal role in shaping . Brat , whose new book outlines how these conservative principles paved the way for his insurgent campaign ’s success , described Schlafly as Schlafly our true hero " who inspires conservatives to follow her lead Schlafly He went his to say : She is Schlafly and fearless and principled and conservative all at the same time . It is very difficult to find people with such backbone and courage in Washington DC and in our politics when all the incentives and all the big money rewards compromising until we no longer even recognize the conservative message . Instead Phyllis starts with first principles and ends with first principles and this is what made our nation great and so today we all think of our true we all someone who fought the fight and stayed in the fight the fight of her life Phyllis inspired all the rest of us to we all the same . " One of the greatest days in my life was when I was honored by Phyllis Schlafly and given a national award of recognition in my rookie year , " Brat added . " And this goes to show the type of person she is   —    she has built she entire conservative movement [ yet ] still finds time to pay attention to the new rookie on the block . " " Phyllis Schlafly has Phyllis Schlafly , brain power and knowledge of the core tenets of American conservatism than anyone alive today , " said nationally syndicated conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham . " If Phyllis is on your Phyllis Schlafly , you know you ’re on the right course . Happy Birthday to a heroic , inspiring warrior for freedom ! " " If you ever find yourself disagreeing with Schlafly , you should Phyllis Schlafly long and hard about your position , " said Ann Coulter , the conservative columnist and    New York Times best selling author , whose latest book In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! " will be released early next week . " From Goldwater to the Equal Rights Amendment to Star Wars , Reagan and , more recently to John Lott , Ian Fletcher , and the magnificent Trump , Phyllis Schlafly is always right , " Coulter added . Fox News anchor Sean Hannity described Schlafly as " America Phyllis Schlafly Margaret Thatcher " —   " an amazing fierce iconic champion of conservatism . A national treasure . Happy Birthday to America ’s Margaret Thatcher America " "America’s Margaret Thatcher" . Born Sean Hannity St. Louis , Missouri in 1924 , Phyllis Schlafly has been Phyllis Schlafly politics for more than    of all American history and has attended every single Republican National Convention since 1952 . She helped launch the conservative Phyllis Schlafly , create the    agenda , and has led the fight against open borders trade and immigration policies . Her seminal 1964 book , Phyllis Schlafly Choice Not An Echo , which sold over three million copies , inspired a generation of conservatives and defined the battle lines between the Republican grassroots and the party elites . Many have observed that the classic remains as important today as it was the day it was written . Dating back to her creation of " study Phyllis Schlafly " throughout American homes in the 1950s to inform grassroots voters about the evils of communism , Schlafly ’s mission has been , in part , to educate the electorate and hold politicians accountable to the people . During the 1960s and early 1970s , Schlafly began the formation of her Schlafly Eagle " brand   Schlafly    devoted to inspiring conservatives across the nation to get involved and fight for conservative principles . The Phyllis Schlafly Report   —    her monthly newsletter designed to keep conservatives informed on the pressing issues of the day   —    is now entering its 50th year of publication with The Phyllis Schlafly Report  —   her monthly newsletter designed to keep conservatives informed on the pressing issues of the day  —    than 600 reports published . Schlafly is also a Daughter of the American Revolution , author or editor of over 25 books , a writer of nearly 2 , 500 columns , a lawyer , a mother of six , and a grandmother of 14 . Never one to shy away from engaging in a principled fight , Schlafly has gone     with some Schlafly the most powerful politicians in her own party and some of Schlafly most influential commentators . One Schlafly her fights that changed the course Schlafly American history was Schlafly ’s underdog triumph in defeating Schlafly Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s the amendment passed Congress as part of the new wave feminism and had been sent to the states for ratification . Because of Schlafly ’s efforts , it fell three Schlafly of being added Schlafly the Constitution .   As President Ronald Reagan wrote in 1983 , Schlafly is " darned effective . Her plan Schlafly counter the new E. R. Schlafly campaign is brilliant . " " Her record of success is surpassed only by Schlafly reputation for class and wit , " Schlafly Eagle Forum president Ed Martin , referring to Schlafly ’s famous charm and poise that has Schlafly her being dubbed " The Sweetheart of the Silent Schlafly . " Martin said , " Phyllis Schlafly has been active Eagle Forum president Ed Martin politics since 1946 Schlafly was the campaign manager for Claude Bakewell for Congress Schlafly he won ! ) .   Since then , no Claude Bakewell has played a greater role in American politics from fighting communists to defeating radical feminists from American 27 books and tens of thousands of columns to giving thousands of speeches on campuses and    from Taft in ’52 through Reagan and Trump   …      A search of America ’s history finds no greater leader [ than Phyllis Schlafly ] at such pivotal times . " 
 