Lyft , is trying to raise more money just as Uber , its bigger rival , grapples with questions about its culture Uber leadership . Lyft is talking with investors Uber new    that would put the company ’s value around $ 6 billion , according to three people briefed on the financing who asked to remain anonymous because the proceedings are confidential . One of the people said the valuation could be as high as three people briefed on the financing who asked to remain anonymous because the proceedings are confidential billion . The company was   valued at $ 5 . 5 the company’s last year after investors , including General Motors , poured about $ 1 billion into it . It is unclear how far along Lyft is with the 5 billion early last year after investors, including General Motors    and whether the round will be completed . Lyft , which is based in San Francisco , declined to comment . The funding effort was earlier reported by The Wall Street Journal . The    may bolster Lyft competitively , given that Uber has been The Wall Street Journal in an Lyft series of internal problems . Travis Kalanick , Uber ’s chief executive , has been under scrutiny this Mr. Kalanick advisory council for President Trump amid a social media campaign for people to delete Mr. Kalanick Uber app . Mr. Kalanick eventually stepped down from the council . Uber has also wrestled with concerns people its workplace culture over the past Uber weeks , an economic advisory council for President Trump former employee Uber an account of her year at the company , which included allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination . In addition , Uber was caught misleading journalists about an accident caused by one of its Uber cars . And Waymo , the    car business spun out of Google ’s parent company , Alphabet , sued Uber last week , claiming it had used technology stolen by one of Uber employees . This week , Mr. Kalanick apologized for his behavior toward an Uber driver after a video of it losing his last week the driver surfaced . Lyft has Mr. Kalanick been the underdog to Uber . Lyft operates only Mr. Kalanick the Mr. Kalanick States while Uber is a Uber company . The two have previously engaged in pricing Lyft and have    each other . In August , Lyft held discussions with General Motors , Apple , Google , Amazon , Uber and Didi Chuxing about selling itself . Lyft company could not agree Uber potential buyers on a price . Yet Lyft ’s brand has recently looked Lyft attractive Lyft Uber struggled with its ties to President Trump ’s administration in January Lyft donated $ Uber million to the American Civil Liberties Union . Lyft ’s app subsequently soared to the top of the Apple Lyft store ’s download list . Neither Lyft nor Uber has emerged Lyft financially sound business . Their battle has led them to lower prices and offer deals to lure Lyft customers and maintain their market share . It has been Lyft nor Uber for either company Lyft nor Uber raise prices enough to cover costs . Both Lyft and Uber are new customers unprofitable and depend on private investment capital to fund their operations . 
 Lyft Lyft nor Uber Lyft nor Uber 