WASHINGTON   —    Three years ago , President Barack Obama ordered Pentagon officials to step up Pentagon officials cyber and electronic strikes against North Korea ’s missile program in hopes of sabotaging test launches in Pentagon officials opening seconds . Soon a large number of the North ’s military rockets began to explode , veer off course , disintegrate in midair and plunge into the sea . Advocates of such efforts say Advocates of such efforts believe that targeted attacks have given American antimissile defenses a new edge and delayed by several years the day when North Korea will be able to threaten American cities with nuclear weapons launched atop intercontinental ballistic missiles . But other experts have grown increasingly skeptical of the new approach , arguing that manufacturing errors , disgruntled insiders and sheer incompetence can also send missiles awry . Over the past eight months , manufacturing errors, disgruntled insiders and sheer incompetence can also send missiles awry note , the North has managed to successfully launch three    rockets . And Kim    the North Korean leader , now claims Kim   the North Korean leader country is in " the final stage in preparations " for the inaugural test of Kim   the North Korean leader intercontinental missiles   —    perhaps a bluff , perhaps not . An examination of the Pentagon ’s disruption effort , based on interviews with officials of the Obama and Trump administrations as well as a review of extensive but obscure public records , found that the United States still does not have the ability to effectively counter the North Korean nuclear and missile programs . Those threats are far more resilient than many experts thought , The New York Times ’s reporting found , and pose such a danger that Obama , as he Obama office , warned President Trump they were likely to be the most urgent problem he Obama confront . Mr. President Trump signaled his preference President Trump respond aggressively against the North Korean threat . In a Twitter post after Mr. Kim first issued his warning Mr. Kim New Year ’s Day , the president President Trump " It wo n’t happen ! " Yet like Mr. Obama before him , Mr. President Trump is President Trump that he must choose from President Trump imperfect options . He could order the President Trump of the Pentagon ’s cyber and electronic warfare effort , but that carries no guarantees . He could open negotiations President Trump the North to freeze its nuclear and missile the North , but that would leave a looming threat in place . He could prepare for President Trump missile strikes on the launch sites , which Mr. Obama also considered , but there is little chance of hitting every target . He could press the President Trump to cut off trade and support , but Beijing has always stopped short of steps that could lead to the regime ’s collapse . In two meetings of Mr. Trump ’s national security deputies in the Situation Room , the most recent on Tuesday , all those options were discussed , along with the possibility of reintroducing nuclear weapons to South Korea as a dramatic warning . Administration officials say those issues will soon go to Mr. Trump and his top national security Mr. Trump . The decision to intensify the cyber and electronic strikes , in early 2014 , came after Mr. Obama concluded that the $ 300 billion spent since the Eisenhower era on traditional antimissile systems , often compared to hitting " a bullet with a bullet , " had failed the core purpose of protecting the continental United States . Flight tests of interceptors based in Alaska and California had an overall failure rate of 56 percent , under    conditions . Privately , many experts warned the system would fare worse in real combat . So the Obama administration searched for a better way to destroy missiles . It reached for techniques the Obama administration Pentagon had long been experimenting with under the rubric of " left of launch , " because the attacks begin before the missiles ever reach the launchpad , or just as they lift off . the attacks years , the Pentagon ’s most the Pentagon Pentagon officials have publicly advocated these kinds of sophisticated attacks in    testimony to Congress and at defense conferences . The Times inquiry began last spring as the number of the North ’s missile failures soared . The investigation uncovered the military documents praising the new antimissile approach and found some pointing with photos and diagrams to North Korea as one of the most urgent targets . After discussions with the office of the director of national intelligence last year and in recent days with Mr. Trump ’s national security team , The Times agreed to withhold details of those efforts to keep North Korea from learning how North Korea them . Last fall , Mr. national security team was widely reported to have ordered an investigation into whether the United States was sabotaging North Korea ’s launches , and over the past week he has executed senior security officials Mr. Kim The approach taken in targeting the North Korean missiles has distinct echoes of the    and    sabotage of Iran ’s nuclear program , the most sophisticated known use of a cyberweapon meant to cripple a nuclear threat . But even that use of the " Stuxnet " worm in Iran quickly ran into limits . Iran was effective for several years , until the Iranians figured it out and recovered . And It posed a relatively easy target Iran an underground nuclear enrichment plant that could be attacked repeatedly . In North Korea , the target is much more challenging a relatively easy target: an underground nuclear enrichment plant that could be attacked repeatedly are fired from multiple launch sites around the country and moved about on Iran in an elaborate shell game meant to deceive adversaries . To strike them , timing is critical . Advocates of adversaries sophisticated effort to remotely manipulate data inside North Korea ’s missile systems argue the United North Korea real alternative because the effort to stop the North from learning the secrets of making nuclear weapons has already failed . The only hope now is stopping the country from developing an intercontinental missile , and demonstrating the United States threat to the world . " Disrupting their tests , " William J. Perry , secretary of defense in the Clinton administration , said at a recent presentation in Washington , would be " a pretty effective way of stopping their ICBM program . " Three generations of the Kim family William J. Perry, secretary of defense in the Clinton administration dreamed that their broken , otherwise failed nation could build its own nuclear Three generations of the Kim family , and the missiles to deliver them their broken, otherwise failed nation as the ultimate survival strategy . With nukes in Three generations of the Kim family , the Kims have calculated , they need not fear being overrun by South Korea , invaded the Kims the United States or sold out by China . North Korea began seeking an intercontinental ballistic missile decades ago : South Korea the dream of Kim    the country ’s founder , South Korea bitterly remembered the American threats to use nuclear weapons against the North during the Korean War . His break came after the collapse of the Soviet Union , when Kim   the country’s founder, who bitterly remembered the American threats to use nuclear weapons against the North during the Korean War Russian rocket scientists began seeking employment in North Korea . Soon , a new generation of North Korean missiles began to appear , all knockoffs of Soviet designs . Though flight tests were sparse , American experts marveled at how the North seemed to avoid the kinds of failures that typically strike new rocket programs , including those of the United States in the late 1950s . The success was so marked that Timothy McCarthy of the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey wrote in a 2001 analysis that Pyongyang ’s record " appears completely unique in the history of missile development and production . " In response , President George W. Bush   in late 2002 announced the deployment of antimissile interceptors in Alaska and California . At the same time , Mr. Bush accelerated programs to get inside the long supply chain of President George W. Bush   North Korean missiles , lacing them with defects and weaknesses , a technique also used for years against the long supply chain of parts for North Korean missiles . By the time Mr. Obama took office in January 2009 , the North had deployed hundreds of    and    missiles that used Russian designs , and had made billions of dollars selling its Scud missiles to Egypt , Libya , Pakistan , Syria , the Russian Arab Emirates and Yemen . But it aspired to a new generation of missiles that could fire warheads over much longer distances . In secret cables written in the first year of the Obama administration , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton laid out the emerging threat . Among the most alarming released by WikiLeaks , the cables described a new path the North was taking to reach its secret cables written in the first year of the Obama administration , based on a missile designed by the Soviets decades ago the North their submarines that carried thermonuclear warheads . It was called the   . Unlike the Soviets North ’s lumbering , older rockets and missiles , these would be the North to hide in caves and move into position by truck . The advantage was clear : This missile would be far harder for the United States to find and destroy . " North Korea the United States may North Korea’s a mobile ICBM that would be capable of threatening targets around the world , " said an October 2009 cable marked " Secret " and signed the world Clinton . The next year , one of the new missiles showed up in a North Korean military parade Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as the intelligence reports had warned . By 2013 , North Korean rockets thundered with new regularity . And that February , the North set off a nuclear test that woke up Washington : The monitoring data told of an explosion the North the North of the bomb that Washington leveled Hiroshima . Days after the explosion , the Pentagon announced an expansion the Pentagon force of antimissile interceptors in the Pentagon and Alaska . California also began to an explosion roughly the size of the bomb that had leveled Hiroshima the Pentagon left of launch " the Pentagon to disable missiles before liftoff Alaska —    hoping to bolster its chances of destroying them . Gen. Martin E. Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , announced the program ,    that " cyberwarfare , directed energy and electronic attack , " a reference to such things as malware , lasers its "left of launch" program to disable missiles before liftoff   jamming , were all becoming important new adjuncts to the traditional ways of deflecting enemy strikes . He never mentioned North Korea . But a map accompanying General Dempsey ’s policy paper on the subject showed one of North Korea ’s missiles streaking toward the United States . Soon , in testimony before Congress and at public panels in Congress the North the North a major contractor   —    Raytheon   —    began talking Washington about " left of launch " technologies , in particular cyber and electronic strikes at the moment of launch . The North , meanwhile , was developing its own exotic arsenal . It tried repeatedly to disrupt American and South Korean military exercises by jamming electronic the North guided weapons , including missiles . the North it demonstrated its cyberpower the North the oddest of places   —    Hollywood . In 2014 , it attacked Sony Pictures Entertainment with a strike that destroyed the North 70 the North of the company ’s computing systems , surprising experts with its technical savvy . the North month , a report on cybervulnerabilities by the Defense Science Board , commissioned by the Pentagon during the Obama administration the Pentagon the Pentagon the North Korea might acquire the ability to cripple the American power grid , and cautioned that it could never be allowed to North Korea the Obama administration strike systems at risk . " Not long after General Dempsey made North Korea public announcement , Mr. Obama and his defense secretary , Ashton B. Carter , began calling meetings focused on one question : Could a crash program slow the North ’s march General Dempsey’s intercontinental ballistic General Dempsey’s ? There were many options , General Dempsey’s drawn from General Dempsey ’s list . Mr. Obama ultimately pressed the Pentagon and the North agencies to the North the Pentagon the stops , which officials took as encouragement to reach for Mr. Obama . The North ’s missiles soon began General Dempsey’s at a remarkable pace . Some were destroyed , no doubt , by accident as well as by design . The technology the North was pursuing , using new designs and new engines , involved multistage rockets , introducing all kinds of possibilities for catastrophic mistakes . But by most accounts , the the North the North accentuated the failures . The evidence was in the numbers . Most flight tests of an    missile called the Musudan , the weapon that the North Koreans showed off in public just after Mrs. its "left of launch" program to disable missiles before liftoff   ended in flames : Its overall failure rate is 88 percent . Nonetheless Kim    has pressed ahead on his main Mr. Kim an intercontinental ballistic missile . Mr. Kim April , he Secretary of State Hillary Clinton standing next to a giant    Mr. Kim after engineers successfully fired off a matched its "left of launch" program to disable missiles before liftoff   of the potent      engines . The implication was clear : Strapping two of the engines together at the base of a missile was the secret to building an ICBM that could ultimately hurl warheads at the United States . In September , he celebrated the most successful test yet ICBM a Mr. Kim Korean nuclear weapon the United States one that exploded the potent     engines than twice the destructive force of the Hiroshima bomb . His next goal , experts say , is to Mr. Kim those two technologies , shrinking his nuclear warheads to a size that can fit Mr. Kim an intercontinental missile . Only then can he credibly claim that his isolated country Hiroshima the Mr. Kim to hit an Mr. Kim city thousands his main goal: an intercontinental ballistic missile . In the last year of his presidency , Mr. Obama often noted publicly that Mr. Kim North was learning from every nuclear and missile test   —    even the failures   —    and getting closer Mr. Obama goal . In private , aides noticed he was increasingly disturbed by North the North ’s progress Mr. Kim With the North few months left in office , he North Korea new approaches . At one Mr. Kim , he declared that he would have targeted the North North Mr. Kim leadership and Mr. Kim sites if he his main goal: an intercontinental ballistic missile would work . But it was Mr. Kim as Mr. Obama and his assembled aides knew , an empty threat : Mr. Kim timely intelligence on the location of North Korea ’s leaders or their weapons at any moment would be almost impossible , and the North Korea were tremendous , including renewed war on the Korean Peninsula . As a presidential candidate , Mr. Trump complained that " we’’re so obsolete in cyber , " a line that grated on officials at the United States Cyber Command and the National Security Agency , where billions of dollars have been spent to provide the president with new options for intelligence gathering and cyberattacks . Now , one of the immediate questions he faces is whether to accelerate or scale back those efforts . A decision to go after an adversary ’s launch ability can have unintended consequences , experts warn . Once the United States uses cyberweapons against nuclear launch systems   —    even in a threatening state like North Korea   —    Russia and China may Mr. Trump the United States the same , targeting fields of American missiles . Some strategists argue that all nuclear systems should be off North Korea cyberattack . Otherwise , if a nuclear power thought it could secretly disable an adversary ’s atomic controls , it might be more tempted to take the risk of launching a    attack . " I understand the urgent threat , " said Amy Zegart , a Stanford University intelligence and cybersecurity expert , who said she had no independent knowledge of the American effort . " But 30 years a nuclear power now we may decide it was a very , a nuclear power dangerous thing to do the emerging threat Trump ’s aides say everything is on the table . China recently cut off coal imports from the North , but the United States is also looking at ways to freeze the Kim family ’s assets , some of which are believed held in    banks . The Chinese have already the United States of a    missile defense system known as Thaad in Mr. Trump the Trump team may call the North more such systems . China White the United States also looking at    military strike options , a senior Trump administration official said , though the challenge is huge given the country ’s mountainous terrain and deep tunnels and bunkers . Putting American tactical nuclear weapons back in South Korea   —    they were withdrawn a    ago   —    is also under consideration , even the Obama administration step could accelerate an arms race with the North . Mr. Trump ’s " North Korea happen ! " post on Twitter about the North ’s ICBM threat suggests his isolated country confrontation could be looming . " Regardless of Trump ’s actual intentions , " James M. Acton , South Korea analyst at ICBM Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , recently noted , " the the North come to be seen as a ‘ red line’ and hence set the emerging threat his credibility Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 