CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Donald Trump accepted the 2016 Republican nomination at the Republican National Convention in CLEVELAND , Ohio on Thursday night , vowing to unite America , put Americans first , and to be honest with the American people . [ " Together , we will lead our we back to the White House , " Donald Trump stated after " humbly " accepting the nomination , noting Donald Trump will restore safety and return America to being a country of law and order .   The crowd welcomed the billionaire with a standing ovation , whistles , and cheers , chanting , " Trump ! Trump Trump Trump ! " and "   . " Trump Trump in on the " USA " chant with a big grin across his Trump . Many delegates remained standing throughout his Trump . He Trump , in part : I have a message for all of you : the crime and violence that today afflicts our America soon come to an end . Beginning on January 20th 2017 , safety will be restored . America is far less safe   —    and the world is far less stable   —    than when Obama made the decision to put Hillary Clinton in charge of America ’s America policy , " Trump told thousands of Republicans gathered in the Quicken Loans Arena , blaming President Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   —    the presumptive Democratic nominee   —    for the growing amount of terrorism and unrest across the world . " Lock her up the presumptive Democratic nominee   " the audience started chanting about Clinton . former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   responded to their call the audience saying , " Let ’s defeat Trump in the presumptive Democratic nominee   . " " It is finally time for a straightforward assessment of the state of our nation America will present the facts plainly and honestly . We can not afford to be so politically correct anymore , " the billionaire said , as the crowd reacted with cheers . Trump told Trump audience Trump change in leadership is needed to provide a change in outcomes . " Our plan will We America first , " he vowed Trump as the "   " chant broke out in the crowd again the crowd said Trump American people will count first , adding that " Americanism , not globalism , will be our credo . We " Things have to change and they have to change Things now , " he declared Trump A protester briefly interrupted Trump ’s Trump but was quickly escorted out of the arena . Upon the interruption , Trump praised the Trump . Protester holding up sign saying build bridges not walls is removed during Trump speech . Trump LIVE : https :   .    —    WOR NewsTalk Radio ( @WOR710 ) July 22 , 2016 ,   More than 100 , 000 red , white , and blue balloons dropped from the ceiling as a united Republican delegation celebrated following Trump ’s speech Trump 