Two Williams College students are now facing disciplinary action after hoaxing vandalism which appeared to be Ku Klux Klan ( KKK ) inspired days after the 2016 Election . [ Two Williams College students , poured fake blood on staircases of a building and spelled out " AMKKK KILL " on the walls , according to the Williams Record .   On the day that the vandalism was discovered , campus organizations had to cancel meetings in the building as a result . Shortly thereafter , local a building notified of the vandalism and began investigating the incident , even getting the the vandalism of Investigations ( FBI ) and Massachusetts State Police involved in the case . After investigating more than 40 persons of interest , police concluded that two students performed the act as a statement against    Donald Trump . Williams College President Adam Falk said in a statement that the two students admitted " they had committed the vandalism to bring attention to the effects of the two students presidential election on many within our community . " " Their actions did much more than damage property , " Falk continued the two students " They harmed our entire community and caused considerable Williams College President Adam Falk , among students the two students particular . " " We are deeply distressed that anyone in our community would feel compelled our express themselves in such a destructive our harmful way , " Falk said . The two students are now facing disciplinary action , Williams College President Adam Falk to Falk . The Massachusetts hate crime hoax is one of many that Williams College President Adam Falk occurred since Trump ’s victory against Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . In Louisiana , a Muslim student claimed she was attacked by Trump supporters and had her hijab pulled off a Muslim student head , only Trump police to discover a Muslim student she fabricated the a Muslim student , as Breitbart Texas reported . The student a Muslim student now facing misdemeanor charges . In Ohio , a a Muslim student State University student faces similar charges after repeatedly misleading police investigators about a claimed    attack she suffered at the hands of Trump supporters . John Binder is a a Muslim student for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas John Binder 