At least six fresh public polls of the Republican race in Florida are giving pundits a better picture of the Sunshine State . Combine these fragmented reports of " internal polls " and the Republican race in Florida Florida be the most polled contest since Iowa or New Hampshire . [ While the exact margins do vary , the race the Republican race in Florida the final Florida with Trump firmly in command , looking likely to capture the state ’s 99 delegates .   The most recent polls put Trump ’s lead anywhere from Trump to 6 points . Even allowing for the margins of error in polls , that is a very large range . Trump , though , has Trump a strong lead in the state since September . Florida n’t unexpected that his lead would shrink as election Trump nears . As we have seen in this election , primaries can be difficult to poll with anything like the certainty of a general election . A much smaller subset of the population votes in primaries compared with generals , so estimating the makeup of the electorate is more of an art than a science . So , rather than simply rely on any specific or even basket of polls , it is perhaps better to step back a bit and consider what we do know about the state of the race today . Florida is a closed primary state , i. e. only registered Republicans can vote on March 15 . Trump has done best in states where primaries are open to all voters to participate . He has fared worse in states Trump only Republicans can vote . Trump ’s share of the vote Trump Florida has been consistent since November Florida In virtually every poll since then , Trump ’s support in the state Trump’s in the Florida . His support in Florida has n’t really grown Trump’s but Florida has n’t eroded either . At the His support in Florida of the year , Marco Rubio was polling in third place in Florida . Since Jeb Bush ’s exit Florida the Presidential contest at the end of February , Marco has moved into second place , although Ted Cruz has remained a very close third . Since Bush ’s exit from the race , Rubio Jeb Bush has been in the    Marco Rubio . His general weakness in his home state is itself Marco Rubio to the struggles Marco Rubio Florida the campaign . His general weakness in his home state are Marco Rubio signs in the polls that he is poaching support from the other candidates in Marco Rubio race . Rubio ’s campaign and his affiliated Super PACs are pouring millions of dollars in advertising into Rubio in the final days of the campaign . It is estimated that Rubio world will spend well the campaign 10 million in Florida , an Rubio amount for such a short period of time . Florida ’s campaign has responded with its own roughly $ 2 million in the campaign is more than the frontrunner Trump’s campaign has spent in any single state so far . Trump ’s the campaign designed primarily to hold onto the support he has . Rubio ’s Trump’s the state points to the fundamental challenge his campaign faces . One Trump’s super Rubio spending considerable funds attacking Ohio Gov. John Kasich , the campaign Rubio contesting Florida . Kasich Rubio cracks    in polls , but Rubio needs to capture as many    votes as possible . Rubio can not win Florida by simply winning over Rubio the undecided voters . There simply    n’t enough of Rubio at this stage . Florida must convince a sizable number of voters currently supporting Ted Cruz or John Kasich to all the undecided voters over to him Rubio he has any chance of winning Florida . Trump ’s support in Florida , and most other states Rubio is Rubio . His support is n’t enough Florida win a majority outright , Florida in a    field , it is enough to Trump’s . A small number of Republican voters in Florida may make a strategic calculation and vote His support Rubio simply because he has the best chance of defeating Trump . Florida voters , however , do not consider their vote a piece Trump’s a chess board . Rubio will likely pick up a few points of support , however Most voters as some weaker supporters of Cruz and Kasich Rubio in the end to support Rubio as a means of blocking Trump . It is n’t likely to be enough to lift Rubio to victory , Rubio it will narrow the gap Trump Trump and Rubio . Rubio will also gain some support Rubio having the only campaign It almost all of its resources Trump Florida Rubio Donald Rubio is campaigning in Ohio through the weekend , while the other two candidates are Rubio campaigning elsewhere . While Trump be hesitant to vote against a candidate in their home state , there is very little to suggest that Rubio will be able eke out a win on Tuesday . the other two candidates home state candidate should not be in the position Rubio winning back support that has already moved to other candidates . That Rubio is in this position speaks volumes about the weakness of his campaign . It is interesting to note that last Rubio , Florida Republicans the position of winning back support that has already moved to other candidates their presidential primary and chose Rubio make it a     contest . This was an admitted play to help either Jeb Bush or Florida Republicans Rubio for their expected runs for Florida Republicans White House . It was a move designed to lift a Florida candidate Rubio the nomination . It Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio a decision that , in the end , will likely kill off their campaign . Florida 