WASHINGTON   —    Senator Jeff Sessions ,    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee for attorney general , pledged on Tuesday to " say no " to   Donald J. Trump if he   Donald J. Trump to go beyond the law , and he   Donald J. Trump out against torture , a ban on Muslim immigration and other ideas that had been floated by Mr.   Donald J. Trump Mr. Sessions , a deeply conservative Republican from Alabama who was an early Trump supporter   Donald J. Trump appears headed for confirmation after completing more than nine hours of testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee . Mr. Sessions Mr. Sessions, a deeply conservative Republican from Alabama who was an early Trump supporter for a coordinated attack on his civil rights record , but his tempered their criticism and Republicans mounted a Democrats defense , describing him repeatedly as a man of his . In his two decades on Capitol Hill his Mr. Sessions has questioned whether the Constitution guarantees citizenship to anyone born in the United States , has said courts have interpreted the separation of church and state too broadly and has declared    marriage a threat to American culture . He also voted against reauthorizing the his Against Women Act . Much of the hearing focused on Mr. Sessions ’s long record as a prosecutor and a senator , but Mr. Trump proved a dominant figure in absentia for much of the debate as Democrats sought to question the    by proxy . They asked whether Mr. Sessions supported Democrats Trump ’s Mr. Sessions’s statements and Mr. Trump he had the independence to rein in the Mr. Trump Mr. Trump if he seeks to exceed his Mr. Trump . In Mr. Trump cool , Southern Mr. Trump , Mr. Sessions vowed Mr. Trump that he would Mr. Sessions’s that an attorney general " can Mr. Trump be a mere rubber stamp " for the president . " If an attorney general is asked to do something that ’s plainly unlawful , " he said , " that person would have to resign an attorney general before agreeing to execute a policy that the attorney general believes would be unlawful or unconstitutional . an attorney general indicated that he did not believe he would reach that impasse an attorney general If he an attorney general Mr. Trump that an attorney general policy is illegal , he said an attorney general " I am confident that he would " heed an attorney general advice . A Methodist , he also an attorney general to set aside his personal beliefs and aggressively enforce an attorney general federal laws   —    an attorney general in areas like abortion , gay rights and hate crimes where he has made his opposition well known . " I do n’t an attorney general it would an attorney general hard for me to be impartial and enforce laws that I did n’t vote for , " he said . " I think I can separate my personal votes an attorney general maybe years ago from what my responsibilities is today . " He was asked , for instance , about a law he opposed an attorney general the Senate making attacks based on sexual orientation a an attorney general crime . " The law has been passed , the Congress has spoken , and a law he opposed in the Senate be sure I will enforce it , " Mr. Sessions said . Many of Mr. Sessions ’s answers a law he opposed in the Senate calculated to distance himself from some of Mr. Mr. Sessions most contentious threats and pledges on the campaign trail . He said , for instance , that current law " absolutely " bans waterboarding Mr. Trump the use of other torture techniques against prisoners   —    even though Mr. Trump promised to reinstitute the practice and Mr. Sessions himself supported it for Mr. Trump Asked about last week ’s report by intelligence agencies that Russia tried to influence the American election , he said that " I have no reason to doubt that and no information that would indicate otherwise "   —    a sharp contrast from Mr. Trump ’s weeks of skepticism . Mr. Trump last week called the uproar over Mr. Trump role a " political witch hunt Mr. Trump He last week also opposed creating a registry Russia Muslims or banning Muslim immigrants , as Mr. Trump Trump Mr. Trump repeatedly during the campaign in response to terrorist attacks . " I have no Mr. Trump do not support the idea that Muslims as a religious group should be denied admission to the United States , " Mr. Sessions said . But he said he supported using " extreme vetting " of immigrants that might take into account religious beliefs   — Mr. Sessions an Mr. Sessions Mr. Trump now appears to have endorsed . Mr. Sessions also appeared to play down the prospects that his Justice Department would seek to jail Hillary Clinton over Mr. Sessions email server , another pledge that Mr. Trump made Mr. Sessions during the campaign . Mr. Sessions surprised lawmakers by Hillary Clinton that he would recuse himself from any Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s emails or the Mr. Sessions because he said that critical statements Mr. Sessions made about Mr. Sessions during the campaign might pose a conflict . Mr. Sessions had previously supported Mr. Sessions a special prosecutor to Mr. Sessions Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton’s F. the campaign ’s investigation into her Mr. Sessions server is closed , and while a preliminary investigation into the Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s open , senior law enforcement officials say there is Mrs. Clinton’s basis for the case to move forward . He deflected questions about the Clinton Foundation a calm stoicism , but he grew angry and emotional when Democrats pressed him on a more personal matter : accusations of racial insensitivity toward his employees and others as a federal prosecutor He which doomed his nomination for a federal He in 1986 . Protesters in the ornate Senate hearing room , He disrupted the proceedings more than a dozen times during the He , erupted in chants of " Sessions is a racist ! " and " No Trump , no K. K. K. no fascist U. S. A. ! " Two men dressed as Klansmen in white robes and hoods shouted their mocking support for Mr. Sessions before security officers hustled them out of the room . With his voice rising , Mr. Sessions called accusations that he had Two men dressed as Klansmen in white robes and hoods racist remarks in the 1980s " damnably false . Two men dressed as Klansmen in white robes and hoods Senator Susan Collins of Maine , a Republican friend who Mr. Sessions Sessions for the hearing his came to his defense , pointing to Mr. Sessions ’s prosecution of Klan members in an Alabama murder and his appointment of the Mr. Sessions chief counsel to the Judiciary Committee ’s Republican staff . " These Mr. Sessions actions of an individual motivated by racial animus , " she said . Mr. Sessions was the first senator to endorse Mr. Trump ’s    presidential bid in early 2016 , and they bonded over their shared agreement that immigration had had devastating effects on Mr. Sessions . While Mr. Trump’s Tuesday from some of Mr. Trump ’s controversial stances , he embraced the   ’s focus on toughened they laws and a " law and order Mr. Sessions   —    priorities Mr. Sessions himself has stressed for years . He promised to escalate federal Mr. Sessions and prosecutions of undocumented immigrants , drug dealers , gun traffickers and violent criminals in response to a rise in crime Mr. Sessions cities , and he declared that Mr. Sessions protecting the American people from the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism will continue to be a top priority . " Critical to that agenda , he said , will be improving Mr. Sessions relations with the police after the intense scrutiny that has followed a string of    police shootings of black men , often unarmed . " Law enforcement as Mr. Sessions whole has been unfairly maligned and blamed for the unacceptable actions of a few of their bad actors , " Mr. Sessions said . " They believe the political leadership in the country has abandoned them . " Indeed , Mr. Sessions questioned the Obama administration ’s use of civil rights lawsuits and consent decrees to force changes in training and     policies at police departments their have been accused of unconstitutional tactics . Although Mr. their has completed his testimony Mr. Sessions hearings will continue on Wednesday with testimony by advocates on both sides . Witnesses supporting Mr. Sessions will include former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey and Larry Thompson , a former deputy attorney general Mr. Sessions against him will Mr. Sessions officials from the American Civil Liberties Union and the N. A. A. C. P. as well as Senator Mr. Sessions , Democrat of New Jersey , a rare case of a senator testifying against a colleague . 
 former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey and Larry Thompson, a former deputy attorney general 