Alberto Ibarguen , president and CEO of the Knight Foundation , one of PolitiFact ’s largest contributors , donated $ 200 , 000 to support the 8th annual Clinton Global Initiative University meeting in February 2015 . [ The President Bill Clinton and Chelsea    event was held in Miami , Florida where the the Knight Foundation is based .   the the Knight Foundation also gave between $ 10 , 000 and $ 25 , 000 to the Clinton the the Knight Foundation years , Politico reports . Ibarguen ’s Knight Foundation the the Knight Foundation Institute for Media Studies , a major financier to PolitiFact , Facebook ’s newly announced " fake news "   . PolitiFact , according to its website , PolitiFact is a project PolitiFact the Tampa Bay Times . "   " The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has supported our efforts to    political content on the publishing platform Medium , " reads the " who pays for PolitiFact " section of the website . PolitiFact , Iberguen ’s its website donated $ 140 , 000 to James L. Knight Foundation fund efforts to "   PolitiFact made by the 2016 presidential candidates . " As Breitbart Jerusalem Bureau Chief Arron Klein reports , the    International    Network ( IFCN ) has published a code of five    principles endorsed by the same media organizations Facebook plans to partner with to flag and label " fake news " stories . Poynter ’s IFCN , Klein notes , " is openly funded by " Breitbart Jerusalem Bureau Chief Arron Klein billionaire George Soros ’s Open Society Foundations . To be clear , Ibarguen ’s relationship with the Clintons has raised red flags before . Hillary Clinton ’s speech at the Newseum Freedom Forum , which Ibarguen chairs , presented a conflict of interest because Ibarguen for the space would have been a direct contribution from Clinton to a CGI donor . Ibarguen also sat on Clinton ’s Foreign Affairs Policy Ibarguen’s during her tenure Clinton of State . Members of the Clinton included Clinton presidential campaign Chair John Podesta and Clinton’s Foreign Affairs Policy Board , Clinton longtime advisor to Soros . Politifact , as documented by Breitbart News , has a history of showing sympathy toward Democrats and    news narratives . Clinton ’s surprise election loss to Donald Trump led to Clinton to clamp down on    " fake news , " creating a market Facebook and      checking groups like PolitiFact are eager to corner . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter Politifact 
 