Sen. Marco Rubio continued to ridicule Sen. Marco Rubio opponent for the presidency Donald Trump in front of a raucous rally of , according to the Rubio campaign ,   7 , 000 people in Georgia this afternoon . [ Sen. Marco Rubio told the crowd that Trump had been flying aboard " Hair Force One " tweeting mean things at Sen. Marco Rubio on Twitter .   " [ It ’s ] amazing to me that the guy with the worst spray tan in America is attacking me for putting on makeup , " Sen. Marco Rubio shot back with a grin . " Donald Trump to sue people , he should Trump whoever did that to his face Trump " Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio the crowd that Trump inherited Trump of his wealth Trump dismissing his record Trump a successful businessman . " He is Trump guy that has been protected his whole Trump , has been privileged his whole his whole life been insulated his whole Trump   —    nothing tough about any of that , " Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio . Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio questioned Trump ’s Trump to take on illegal immigration . " He ’s Trump only one running for president that ’s ever hired illegal immigrants to work for him , Trump he said Trump " Oh no wait , he ’s Trump to protect you from immigrants taking your jobs   —    Well why is he hiring Trump to do the jobs at his hotels Trump Americans are trying to get ? " He warned Trump Trump was Trump taking over the Republican party and the conservative movement because of his " Trump artist " tactics , and would let them down . " the Republican party and the conservative movement make this promise to you today , I will do whatever it takes , I this promise campaign as long as it takes , I this promise stay in this race as long as it takes , " this race shouted Trump " Donald Trump , a con artist , will never get control of this party ! " Rubio called Trump ’s campaign a " con job , " much like the people who got ripped off by Trump University , and previewed an upcoming attack campaign on the issue . " They ’ve been calling the people who got ripped off by Trump University office    after the debate , " Rubio said . " Rubio , emails , phone calls from people , we ’re talking to our lot of them , you ’re people to hear from them real soon . people During the rally , one girl held a sign and screamed that she wanted Rubio to one girl to Rubio with her . Rubio pointed one girl out Rubio the one girl and responded , " I do n’t know , the last time I went to the prom , I prom with her really tack tuxedo on , " he laughed . " Rubio do n’t care ! " the girl screamed back one girl from @marcorubio fan in Georgia today   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 27 , 2016 ,   " When is the prom ? " Rubio asked prom with her March 12 ? I think that ’s after the primary , but I may come back anyway and do the prom anyway , what do you prom with her " The crowd roared with approval . Rubio also warned his supporters that Trump would Rubio be suitable Rubio the White House , comparing him to a dangerous dictator : " There Rubio a lunatic in North Korea trying to get a nuclear weapon and a lunatic trying to get ahold of nuclear weapons in America , " he said . 
 Rubio 