AP : Donald Trumps Wins White House in Astonishing Victory[Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live coverage of Election Day , 2016 . Check this page for updates on candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , how the rest of the media is covering the vote , and stories from polling stations across the country .   All times Eastern : 4:54 AM   —    Donald Trump ’s face lights up the side of the Empire State Building . 4:17 AM   —    Trump triumphs : Here is the front page of Wednesday ’s Washington Post pic . twitter .    —    Washington Post ( @washingtonpost ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:57 AM   —    Kellyanne Conway said they were at Hilton when Kellyanne Conway looked down at Kellyanne Conway phone and caller ID said : " Huma Abedin . " Clinton calling for Trump .   —    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:43 AM   —    Clinton ’s going to show Kellyanne Conway face in public . . @HillaryClinton will speak tomorrow morning , per aide   …     details still tbd https :   .    —    Tamara Gitt ( @tamaragitt ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:41 AM   —    Trump ’s full victory speech : Watch the video via Breitbart TV . 3:23 AM   —    Times Square right now # Election2016 pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:17 AM   —    Front pages from the New York papers : Our front page for Wednesday : HOUSE OF HORRORS : Trump seizes Divided States of America https :   .   # ElectionNight pic . twitter .    —    New York Daily News ( @NYDailyNews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Tomorrow ’s cover : @realdonaldtrump has been elected the 45th President of the United States https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Post ( @nypost ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:16 AM   —    Cruz : This affirms what we have long known , that Americans have resoundingly rejected the    agenda ,   —    Anita Kumar ( @anitakumar01 ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:14 AM   —    Mitch McConnell congratulates Trump in statement : "   Trump has a significant opportunity to bring our nation together . "   —    Sabrina Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:09 AM   —    Can not overstate the feeling among top Democrats right now . It ’s desolation .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) November 9 , 2016 ,   3:07 AM   —    John Hayward : " Reporting out of Michigan seemed to freeze up after midnight Eastern time , but the last update had 94 . 4 % reporting , and Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by a little over a percentage point . Donald Trump had 2 , 142 , 763 votes to Hillary Clinton ’s 2 , 083 , 428 , giving Trump had 2, a lead of 59 , 335 votes . Michigan is worth 16 electoral votes . " 3:04 AM   —    Donald Trump concludes victory speech , begins hugging family and inner circle as Rolling Stones’ " You Ca n’t Always Get What You Want " plays . 2:59 AM   —    Trump thanks family , supporters , staff . Crowd erupts with applause at mention of Sen. Sessions . 2:55 AM   —    " America will no longer settle for anything less than the best . " 2:52 AM   —    Donald Trump reaffirms that Donald Trump campaign was just part of a " movement " of ordinary Americans who want better lives . 2:51 AM   —    Donald Trump says it is time to " bind the wounds of division . " Goes all in on unity , says Donald Trump is " reaching out " to people who have not supported Donald Trump . 2:51 AM   —    Donald Trump says Donald Trump has spoken to Clinton on the phone . " Clinton congratulated us , " Donald Trump says . Also says Donald Trump congratulated Clinton . " us owe Clinton a major debt of gratitude for Clinton service to the United States . " 2:50 AM   —    Donald Trump Sorry to keep you waiting . Complicated business . " 2:45 AM   —    ABC News : Hillary Clinton Clinton called Donald Trump Donald Trump . 2:40 AM   —     2:33 AM   —    Associated Press calls Wisconsin , putting Donald Trump over Donald Trump of 270 electoral votes . BREAKING :   Donald Trump is elected Donald Trump the United States . pic . twitter .    —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) November 9 , 2016 ,   2:32 AM   —    ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " Trump ’s Brexit , " Donald Trump says as she enters Clinton ’s hotel . https Trump’s Brexit   .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) November 9 , 2016 ,   2:23 AM   —    If God wanted to do anything more to vindicate Donald Trump , what would He do differently tonight ? Charlie Rose God " It is a grand irony that we talked a lot about whether Trump would accept the results and the Donald Trump is not that " pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   2:20 AM   —    Joel Pollak on Podesta ’s " too close to call " announcement : During the third presidential debate , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was challenged as to whether he would accept the results of the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump if he lost . ( He had already Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that question in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump affirmative in the first debate . ) When he left the question open , Democrats Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump media that question in the affirmative in the first debate that his position was a threat to American Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Now , however , the tables have been turned . With virtually no path to victory , Clinton not only refused to concede , but refused to appear . 2:17 AM   —    NBC journalist admits Trump would be trashed for the    that Podesta just delivered . a million times this https :   .    —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) November 9 , 2016 ,   2:03 AM   —    John Podesta takes the stage at Clinton ’s Podesta Says the vote is Clinton close to call in several states the campaign will not concede tonight . 2:01 AM   —    Clinton projected to win Maine . Trump wins Clinton electoral vote from the state ’s second district . 1:59 AM   —    They ’ve turned off the newsfeed on Jumbotron inside @HillaryClinton HQ . Supporters r singing to music   …     they believe it is over . @WRAL # wral They . twitter .    —    Kathryn Brown ( @WRALKathryn ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:57 AM   —    Journalism . People are feeling physically sick . https :   .    —    USA TODAY ( @USATODAY ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:51 AM   —    Trump campaign manager takes a    victory lap : Things that were true : undercover Trump vote @mike_pence for VP Hillary ’s floor   ceiling r same rally crowds matter we expanded the map ,   —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:46 AM   —     ? Clinton press pool just grabbed @johnpodesta in Peninsula lobby . Asked if HRC is headed to Javits , he responded : " No . I ’m headed HRC is headed to Javits . "   —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Wow . Pooler @danmericaCNN reports that Clinton campaign chair John Podesta just left HRC hotel Clinton come to Javits solo . She HRC not coming .   —    Monica Clinton ( @albamonica ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:44 AM   —    Clinton HQ has turned off the news feed   …      all we got is Hillary logo   playlist .   —    Donald Gilliland ( @drgilliland ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:42 AM   —       bubble dwellers starting to realize : maybe I dwell in a bubble ! The country you thought you lived in is not the one that exists .   —    Stefan Becket ( @becket ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:39 AM   —    Multiple news organizations call Pennsylvania for Trump . 1:38 AM   —    Marine Le Pen of France ’s Front National congratulates Trump . Félicitations au nouveau président des    Donald Trump et au peuple américain , libre ! MLP Trump   —    Marine Le Pen ( @MLP_officiel ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:37 AM   —    Yes , this is real life   …     . https :   .    —    Maddow Blog ( @MaddowBlog ) October 8 , 2016 ,   1:31 AM   —    Clinton camp dead silent with the party as well as press . It ’s not just that they ’re keeping reporters in the dark . 3 October 8, 2016,  1:31 AM  —   Clinton camp dead silent with the party as well as press Dems just told me they have n’t heard a peep from the Clinton October 8, 2016,  1:31 AM  —   Clinton camp dead silent with the party as well as press in hours .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:23 AM   —    HuffPo cries " uncle . " From Breitbart Tech ’s Charlie Nash : The Huffington Post have discontinued their serial editor ’s note that branded Donald Trump a " racist " " misogynist " and a " xenophobe " at the end of every article about him , citing the need for a " clean Donald Trump . " 1:18 AM   —     1:09 AM   —    Clinton is going to address an empty room Clinton https :   .    —    Annie Karni ( @anniekarni ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:09 AM   —    Steve Schmidt on MSNBC just said " Steve Bannon was right " about Brexit foreshadowing this outcome . 1:08 AM   —    Scene near the stage at Clinton event . People seem too tired to Clinton crying . pic . twitter .    —    Stefan Becket ( @becket ) November 9 , 2016 ,   1:04 AM   —    Polls have now closed in Alaska . No more votes will be cast in the United States for this election . the United States —    Brutal the election @jesshop23   @MattJClaiborne just saw Clinton childhood best friend , Betsy Ebeling , walking out of Clinton from a door marked " no reentry "   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:55 AM   —    Ok all . Its the big one . We project Trump wins Arizona   …      Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) November 9, 2016,  12:55 AM  —   Ok all the state of Pennsylvania . He ’s   .   —    Decision Desk HQ ( @DecisionDeskHQ ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:55 AM   —    Megyn   …      Crowd at # Trump victory party booing @MegynKelly as she suggests Hispanics , Muslims , women fearful of @realDonaldTrump victory .   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:52 AM   —    Panoramic shot of # Trump victory party as they wait for 16 more Electoral College votes to hit 270 # ElectionNight #Trump victory party . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:51 AM   —    Scoop : HuffPost has removed its " Trump is a racist " tag on stories   —   HuffPost gt Trump :   .    —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:49 AM   —    Weak showing near Philly . Bucks County PA : Clinton up just 0 . 7 point2012 : Obama by 1 . Clinton pts08 : Obama 8 . 604 : Kerry 2 . 800 : Gore 4 . 296 : Clinton 3 . 792 : Clinton 1 . 3 pic . twitter Clinton —    Greg Giroux Clinton ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:47 AM   —    Hillary Clinton remains at her hotel in Clinton , no change since her pool was last updated at 8:30p   Hillary Clinton   —    4 hours ago .     Hillary Clinton    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:46 AM   —    Make no mistake , this is a white nationalist take over .   —    rose mcgowan ( @rosemcgowan ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:45 AM   —    ! ! ! All of tonight ’s exit polls were wrong , and I was wrong for citing them .   # ElectionNight ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 9 All of tonight’s exit polls 2016 ,   12:40 AM   —    Little girl sobbing comforted by mother . Scene from @HillaryClinton event . 2 hours ago she said she cd b POTUS too pic . twitter .    —    Heidi Przybyla ( @HeidiPrzybyla ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:38 AM   —     Inside Javits . A few hours ago , this area was packed pic . twitter .    Javits    Betsy Woodruff ( @woodruffbets ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:34 AM   —     Deflation at the Javits Center pic . twitter .    —    Chris Megerian ( @ChrisMegerian ) November packed pic   12 : 30 AM   —    Former Obama operative : Never been as wrong on anything on my life . Still a beating Obama in WI and the 2 CDs . But sobriety about what happened tonight is essential ,   —    David Plouffe ( @davidplouffe ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Almost 12 hours ago : Ready to watch her victory speech . pic . twitter .    —    David Plouffe ( @davidplouffe ) November 8 , 2016 ,   12:22 AM   —    AP calls Nevada for Clinton . 12:21 AM   —    Right now it looks like the only poll Clinton got it right is @danschnur ’s    Times poll , which was routinely dismissed as an outlier .   — it Elyse PG ( @elysepg ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:20 AM   —     People are crying . People are sitting on the floor . Some are holding out hope . But the floor is mostly silent .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) November 9 , 2016 , the floor AM   —    Clinton surrogate : This election was n’t about 4 years it was about a generation Clinton lost . But the sun will the election up and we must be resilient .   —    Bakari Sellers ( @Bakari_Sellers ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:17 AM We —    RIP polls . as we all should n’t https :   .    —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:16 AM   — —   Kasie Hunt really foul odor outside the Javits Center right now . " It ’s the smell of the country , " said one depressed HRC supporter leaving .   —    Annie Linskey ( @AnnieLinskey ) a really foul odor outside the Javits Center 9 , 2016 ,   12:13 AM HRC —    Text from a top Clinton donor : " Done over . He is the President . "   —    Clinton Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:11 AM   —    in the WI exits , Trump was viewed unfavorably by 63 % of voters , but he won 21 % of those voters who do Trump like him .   —    Craig Gilbert ( @WisVoter Trump November 9 , 2016 ,   12:10 AM   — Trump CBS . Happening in the newsroom : colleague looking up the lyrics to the Beatles’ " Here Comes the Sun " to cheer themselves up .   —    Emily Schultheis ( @emilyrs ) November 9 , 2016 ,   12:08 AM   —    HRC narrow path to a tie : Come back in MichiganHold PennsylvaniaCome back in NHTake    pic . twitter .    —    Justin Green ( @JGreenDC ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:58 PM   —    Javits = convention center and venue of Hillary party . People at Javits are crying and leaving .   —    Annie Karni ( @anniekarni ) November Hillary , 2016 , the Republican Party PM   —    Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani tells press likely @realDonaldTrump victory like Andrew Jackson win in 1828 . pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:54 PM   —    . @chucktodd : " President Trump may be something that everybody needs to get used to , including the Republican Party " https : Trump    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:48 PM   —     " The Republican Hindu Coalition was given charge of delivering the maximum number of votes in Florida , North Carolina , and Ohio    …      Out of the three , Florida had the maximum number of votes . "   Shalabh Kumar of @USAHindus4Trump and daughter @manasvimamgai claim to have swung 25 , 000 votes in Florida , OH , elsewhere pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Kumar attended the party with his daughter , former Miss India Manasvi Mamgai , who is also a Bollywood actress . 11:46 PM   —    Shalabh Kumar of @USAHindus4Trump Hayward the Republican Party With many Shalabh Kumar of @USAHindus4Trump left to be counted , and the presidency still to be decided , Donald Trump reached a milestone in the 11:00 PM Eastern hour . With the call of Wisconsin for Trump , he Trump total of 216 electoral votes , surpassing Mitt Romney ’s total of 206 EVs in the 2012 Trump . Trump The New York Times ‘ election tracker is currently predicting Trump will end up with 305 EVs by the night ’s end . New York PM   —    Republican nominee Donald Trump is projected to win Iowa ’s 6 electoral votes , beating his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton by a large enough margin that several networks have called the race with less Clinton thirds of ballots counted .   Iowa was considered Republican nominee Donald Trump key battleground state headed into Tuesday ’s election . Located in the influential Midwestern region and known for holding the first primary in the nation , Iowa was long considered a Republican stronghold until the state went blue in both 2008 and 2012 for President Barack Obama . Chuck Grassley has also won reelection for a Iowa term , saving his Senate seat from Iowa and Obama Patty Judge . Grassley was predicted to win despite heavy criticism from Democrats for his blockage of Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland . Chuck Grassley was an early Trump supporter . 11:38 PM   —    Was Chuck Grassley Brian or Rachel ? Grunt on MSNBC as states get Chuck Grassley for Trump Trump …      pic . twitter Chuck Grassley    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) November MSNBC , 2016 ,   11:36 Trump —    Fox News has called Wisconsin for Donald Trump , with about a quarter of the vote still not counted . 11:34 PM   —    Associated Press calls Georgia for Trump 11:31 PM   —    Trump Wisconsin projected to win Iowa . 11:30 PM   —    NBC News cautiously declares Trump the Trump winner " of Florida . Brian Trump making a big deal about that slightly noncommittal language . 11:25 PM   — Iowa Trump projected to win Utah . Fox News   —    someone give me hope , Florida —    Sarah Silverman ( @SarahKSilverman ) November 9 Trump 2016 ,   11:15 PM   —    Keep hope alive . Norah O’Donnell : " For those that are calling their therapists right now : the night is still young " # ElectionNight https :   .   pic . twitter hope    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   11:00 PM   —    As polls close , Clinton projected to win California , Oregon , Washington , Hawaii . Trump projected to win Idaho Clinton 10:54 PM   —    At the beginning of Election Eve , the tracker gave Hillary Clinton an 85 % Trump win the election . Within two hours , the odds had Clinton a    race . At 10:30 PM Eastern time , with the last few The New York Times‘ election tracker states waiting to be called , the odds stood at 90 % for Trump .    It was an amazing ride for the election tracker , raising some interesting questions about how the odds were calculated , and what data Trump Times was feeding into the odds in advance of the formal state calls . 10:53 PM   — The New York Times‘ election tracker finally call Florida for Trump . 10:49 PM   —    Trump the odds win North Carolina . 10:45 PM   —    They ’re already the Times this stage . pic Trump twitter .    —    Hilary Florida ( @hilaryr ) November Republican nominee Donald Trump 2016 ,   10:42 PM Trump North Carolina Obama ’s former chef : This is some stressful shit ! ! !   —    Sam Kass ( @chefsamkass ) November 9 , 2016 ,   10:42 PM Obama —    Jeff Sessions tells Joel Pollak at Trump Tower : " [ Trump has ] been outspent by a tremendous amount , but because he had the courage to stand up for fundamental principles    …      like the Trump laws , like immigration    …      people stuck with him Trump " They did n’t cut and run , and he did n’t cut and run . " 10:40 PM   —    BREAKING : Hillary Clinton wins the key battleground state of Colorado , @NBCNews projects https :   .   # Clinton      twitter . people —    NBC News ( @NBCNews )      9 , 2016 ,    Clinton leads Republican rival Donald Trump 49 % to 43 % with 58 % of precincts reporting . In Clinton weeks leading up to the vote , Clinton herself did not campaign Trump Fox News deployed several top surrogates : Bill and Chelsea Clinton Republican nominee Donald Trump Sanders , and Elizabeth Warren . Clinton last appeared in Pueblo , CO Clinton October 12th . Trump swung into Denver , CO , the vote Clinton to make a final Iowa the state . Dr. Ben Carson campaigned in the Denver metro area one day earlier Trump Going into Election Day , RealClearPolitics’ polling average showed Clinton with a 2 . 9 percent lead over Trump . 10:27 PM   —    Clinton projected to win Virginia Clinton 10:26 PM   Iowa This team has so much to be proud of . Clinton happens tonight Trump thank you for everything . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton Republican nominee Donald Trump 9 , 2016 ,   10:23 PM   —    # BREAKING Dollar tumbles against yen , euro on strong Trump showing # ElectionNight ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) November 9 , 2016 ,   10:19 PM   —    Trump projected to win Ohio . Trump PM   —    Michael Patrick Leahy : " With 92 percent of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 10:15 pm eastern , 2 Trump 362 out of 2 , 559 , Hillary Clinton now leads Donald Trump Ohio but by only 20 , 000 votes . Clinton has 1 , 564 , Clinton , or 47 . 4 percent , and Trump has 1 , 544 , Clinton votes , or Virginia . 8 percent . " 10:15 PM   —    We may Republican nominee Donald Trump calls soon . With 98 . 9 Trump reporting in Florida , Trump is up by around 136 , 000 votes https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Los Angeles Times ( @latimes ) November 9 , 2016 , Trump 10:14 PM   —    We Florida Trump as a slight favorite in both Michigan and Pennsylvania , Clinton as a slight fav in WI . She needs all three .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) Trump Clinton , 2016 ,   10:13 PM   Clinton    John Hayward : " Richard Burr has won his race to keep his Senate seat in North Carolina , defeating Democrat Deborah Ross . " 10:07 PM   —    A Florida insider tells me that 99 % of Dade and Broward are in . 95 % of Palm Beach in . He says Florida is Trump ’s North Carolina —    Joe Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) his Senate seat Richard Burr , Florida 10:06 Richard Burr   —    Trump projected to win Missouri . 10:05 PM   — Trump Patrick Leahy : " With 89 Florida of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 9:45 pm eastern , 2 , 284 Trump of 2 , 95% of Palm Beach , Hillary Clinton now leads Donald Trump , but by only 5 , 000 votes . Clinton has 1 , 497 , 135 Clinton or 47 . 2 percent , and Trump has 1 , 492 , 304 Clinton , or 47 . 0 percent . " Virginia PM   —    Clinton projected to win New Mexico Republican nominee Donald Trump PM   —    Clinton Trump party now virtually devoid of campaign staff . Clinton Clinton   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) November Clinton 2016 ,   10:00 PM   —    Trump projected to win Montana as polls close . 9:54 PM   —    John Hayward : " Fox News reports that Senator Joe Manchin ( ) said he is not committed to remain a Democrat Trump if the Senate becomes a    tie . " 9:53 PM   —    Via Breitbart TV Editor Jeff Poor : 9:52 PM   —     Trump ahead in the betting markets . https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Fox News Fox News Nowrasteh ) ) ) ( @AlexNowrasteh ) November 9 , 2016 , Senator Joe Manchin PM   —     It remains unclear what the GOP majority will be in the House , but NBC News was first to report they will at least remain in the majority and it is likely Speaker Paul Ryan will remain in that leadership roll to begin 2017 .   In the battle for the Senate , two of the nine races most likely to decide control have been called , one for Republicans and one a pickup for the Democrats   —    the first Fox News they will need to win an outright majority the GOP majority GOP Sen. Marco Rubio won the GOP majority his seat in Florida , a race he entered late , Senate his presidential campaign faltered . And Tammy Duckworth , the Democratic Illinois congresswoman , defeated incumbent GOP Sen. Mark Kirk in a race that was widely predicted would hand Democrats one of the seats they Florida looking for . The map for the Senate favored the Democrats   this year , with all but one GOP nine seats most likely to decide the GOP Sen. Marco Rubio being held by Republicans . The GOP Sen. Marco Rubio races where a seat is GOP Sen. Marco Rubio or most likely to change hands were in New Hampshire , Pennsylvania , North Carolina , Illinois , Wisconsin , Missouri , Nevada , Florida and Indiana . Of Senate , seven seats Democrats to Republican incumbents trying to hang on . Only two are open seats , Indiana and Nevada . The only one in Democratic hands presently North Carolina , where Senate Minority Wisconsin Harry Reid Florida retiring . Coming into Tuesday , the House seemed a much safer bet for Republicans   —    and the election night tallies proved true . The GOP held an enormous    advantage coming into New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Nevada, Florida and Indiana The    Cook political report listed 18 seats as pure tossups , not enough to flip control of the Indiana to Nevada , even if they ran the table in all Nevada them . 9:45 PM   —    Trump projected to win Louisiana . the House   —    Trumpmentum . NYTs " Our best guess is that Donald J. Trump is on GOP win in Michigan . " https :   . Trump — Tuesday DanRiehl ( @DanRiehl ) November 9 , 2016 ,   DOW crashing . This is looking good Trump   —    Amanda House ( @AmandaLeeHouse ) Democrats 9 , 2016 ,   9:39 Democrats   —      Never Trumper . Is this happening ? https :   .    —    David French ( Trump ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:39 PM   Michigan    Michael Patrick Leahy : " With 85 percent of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 9:30 pm eastern , 2 , 179 out of 2 , 559 , Donald Trump continues to lead over Hillary Clinton , but by only 9 , 000 votes . Trump has 1 , 410 , 271 votes   or 47 . 3 percent Clinton Clinton has 1 , 400 , Trump , or 47 . 0 percent . " 9:38 PM   —     Watching the votes Trump in Clinton HQ # Virginia # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Ivanka Trump ( @IvankaTrump ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:37 PM   —    Amanda House : " Gloomy , anxious reporters Trump has 1, at Hillary party . 9:34 PM   —    NBC ’s Chuck Todd corrects himself from using the phrase " hidden Trump vote . " 9:33 PM   —    Report from Joel Pollak at Trump ’s    party : NEW YORK , New York   —    It has been a night of wild mood swings for supporters of Republican Trump nominee Donald Trump , who are gathered at the New York Midtown Hilton Trump celebrate the 2016 campaign and to watch results . Earlier in the evening , when Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton led in Florida , the Chuck Todd Ballroom was subdued . Yet as Trump took a late lead in the Sunshine State , Clinton monitors Clinton the mood in the hall brightened . 9:32 PM NEW YORK    John Hayward : " Whatever else may come tonight , let it be noted Florida Trump Clinton began the night with an 85 % chance to win , according to the New York Times’ election tracker   …      and at 9:30 PM , those Clinton to 50 % . " NYT now forecasting Trump win pic . twitter .    —    Jon Passantino ( @passantino ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:31 PM   —    Michael Patrick Leahy : " With 81 percent of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 9:20 pm eastern , 2 tonight 094 out of 2 , 559 , Donald Trump continues to lead over Hillary Clinton has dropped to 29 , 000 votes NEW YORK has 1 , 342 , 718 votes , or 47 . 6 percent , and Clinton has 1 , 313 Clinton votes , or 46 . 6 percent Trump 9:29 PM   —    Former Obama speechwriter : So this is n’t fun , Trump Clinton    Jon Favreau ( Virginia ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:27 PM   —    NY Times knocks Detroit Free Press for calling Michigan with about 11 % of the vote counted . # BREAKING NEWS : The @freep projects @HillaryClinton will win Michigan . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Detroit Free Press ( @freep ) November 9 , 2016 ,   I ’m told that someone has called Michigan for Clinton . That ’s preposterous . She ’s in serious trouble there as well .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:26 PM   Clinton    Michigan . Dow futures Clinton down 450 points .   —    Anthony De Rosa ( @Anthony ) November 9 Michigan 2016 ,   9:25 PM   —    John Hayward : " MIRSNews reports exit polling shows Michigan is a dead heat between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , with 48 % Michigan the vote each . "    Insyght exit polling shows 48 %   tie between Trump and Clinton in Michigan ,   —    MIRSnews Clinton ( @MIRSnews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:23 PM Trump     9:15 PM   —    Media mood at Hillary Clinton just got a whole lot more serious pic . twitter .    — Trump Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November 9 , 2016 , Michigan 9:12 PM   —    Trump projected to win Texas and Bill Clinton ’s home state of Arkansas . Breitbart Texas has more info . 9:10 PM   —     IT SHOULDN’T BE THIS Michigan ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Clinton ! !   —    Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn Trump November 9 , 2016 ,   9:06 PM   —    CNN predicts : No electoral vote split in Nebraska . CNN giving all of Nebraska to Trump   —    no NE2 vote for Clinton .   —    Philip Klein ( @philipaklein ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:01 PM   —    Our first dose of liberal Texas Texas terrifying night , and not Clinton because Trump might win . It turns Trump there is a deeper rage in white , rural America than I knew     —    Paul Krugman ( @paulkrugman ) November 9 , 2016 ,   9:00 PM   —    As polls close , Clinton projected to win New York CNN Trump . Trump Nebraska to win Kansas , North Dakota , South Dakota , Nebraska , and Wyoming . 8:57 PM   —    Frank Luntz continues Clinton vacillate . To his credit , Trump is overperforming exit polls from conservative parts of Florida and Virginia . # ElectionNight ,   —    Trump Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 9 , 2016 ,   8:56 PM   —    Amanda House : " Whoever is operating the switch for the Clinton party video feed has Trump a short attention span . In less than 45 seconds NEW YORK ’ve flipped from the rally Florida ABC to CNN . " 8:50 PM   —    Clinton Nebraska : " Florida has turned into a real    on Election Day , as both Donald 8:57 PM  —   Frank Luntz and Hillary Virginia racked up a huge number of votes . In fact , according to political veteran Steve Schale , Trump ’s vote share is ‘ better than the best share that any Republican Clinton since 2000’ in 41 out of Florida ’s 67 Florida . " More Trump Desk : Trump outperforming Romney 2012 in Jacksonville , Tampa and Central Florida , which is why FL race is neck and Trump   CNN    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Fox just called Florida congressional race for Republican Carlos Curbelo . Beating Dem . Joe Garcia Florida Could Trump argue a win for Trump ?   —    Warner Todd Huston ( @warnerthuston ) November 9 , 2016 ,   8:49 PM   —    John Hayward : " At 8:30 PM , NBC News projected that the Republican Party will retain control of the House Florida Representatives . " 8:48 PM   —    Michael Patrick Trump : " With 62 percent of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 8:45 pm eastern , 1 , 589 out of 2 , 559 , Donald Trump continues to lead Hillary Clinton by 107 , 000 votes . Trump has 1 , 001 , 885 votes , or 49 . 6 percent , and Clinton has 894 , 533 votes , or 44 . 6 Fox News 8:46 PM   —     8:39 PM   — 9:32 PM  —   John Hayward up Trump 100 , 000 votes currently .    percent Clinton . " The Trump ’s still out " says DWS when asked about Virginia pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November 9 , 2016 ,   8:29 PM   —    In Polk County , Florida Romney got 137 , 566 votes in 2012 Trump already has about 140 , 000 with 41 precincts still to count ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November 9 , 2016 ,   Florida PM   —    Alabama called for Trump . 8:22 PM   —    Michael Patrick Leahy : " With 44 percent of precincts in Virginia reporting Florida of 8:15 pm eastern , 1 , 148 out of 2 , 559 , Donald Trump continues to lead Hillary Clinton by 132 , 000 votes . Trump has 703 , 339 votes , or Trump . 2 percent , and Clinton has 570 , 650 votes , or 42 . 4 percent . " Clinton   —    The markets are watching . BREAKING : Mexican peso turns negative Trump takes tiny lead in Florida Clinton Live # ElectionDay updates here : Trump :   .   pic . twitter .    Virginia    Reuters Politics ( @ReutersPolitics ) November 9 , 2016 ,   8:19 PM   —    Still waiting on any meaningful results from PA . PA R Sen Pat Toomey , who refused Trump endorse @realDonaldTrump during campaign , reveals he voted for Trump tonight : " Florida call for me "   —    RickLeventhalFoxNews ( @RickLeventhal ) November 9 , 2016 ,   8:18 PM   —     8:14 PM   —    Amanda House : The Clinton event just finished showing a    long " History of Hillary Clinton " promotional video instead of news on election results Trump 8:10 PM   —    Tammy Duckworth projected to defeat Republican Mark Kirk in Clinton Senate race . 8:09 PM   —    Associated Press Clinton Senate race for Marco Rubio . 8:06 PA   —    Amanda House , Deputy Political Editor , is at Clinton ’s PA R Sen Pat Toomey, who refused to endorse @realDonaldTrump during campaign results party : " Hillary ’s event keeps changing PA R Sen Pat Toomey, who refused to endorse @realDonaldTrump during campaign channel ( every    mins ) between CNN , MSNBC , CBS   ABC   …      then keeps cutting ( at the worst moments Clinton    promos of Hillary tracked to Katy Perry ’s ‘ Roar’ and Sarah Bareilles’ ‘ Brave . ’ " 8:00 PM   —    As the hour ends , Clinton is projected to win a string of states , in addition to the District of Columbia : Detroit Free Press , Delaware , Illinois’ Senate and Massachusetts . Trump is projected to win Oklahoma , Tennessee , and Mississippi Clinton 7:53 PM   —    Hillary Patrick Leahy : " With 17 percent of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 7:50 pm eastern , CNN out of 2 , 559 ABC Donald Trump continues to lead Hillary Clinton by 70 , Hillary votes . Trump has 293 , Trump votes , or 53 . 7 percent , and Clinton has 223 , 949 votes , or 41 percent . " 7:51 PM   —    Clinton to win South Carolina , per several networks . 7:50 PM   —    Donald Trump the projected winner in Clinton County , Indiana , with 44 % Trump . Does it break Vigo ’s streak of picking POTUS since Virginia ?   —    Tom McCarthy ( @TeeMcSee ) November 9 , 2016 ,   7:44 PM   Trump    Florida     with over 50 % of the vote counted . Both candidates near Trump 5 million votes and Trump slightly ahead with 49 . 8 % to Clinton ’s 47 . 3 % . 7:40 PM   —     7:36 PM   —    Michael Patrick Leahy : " With six percent of precincts in Virginia reporting as of 7:30 pm eastern , 154 out of 2 Clinton 559 , Donald Trump has extended his lead over Hillary Clinton to more Trump 22 , 000 votes . Trump has 74 , 981 votes , or 55 percent , and Clinton has 52 , 886 votes , or 39 percent . " 7:31 PM   —    West Clinton for Trump . 7:25 PM   —    CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer gets audibly excited Trump that Clinton leads Trump Clinton 30 % of counties reporting . 7:22 PM   —    Trump Michael Patrick Leahy : With 88 of Virginia , 559 precincts , or 3 . 4 percent , reporting as of 7:10 p. m. eastern Clinton , the first returns posted at Trump Virginia Department of Election ’s website show Republican nominee Donald Trump in the lead with 51 percent of the vote to Hillary Clinton ’s 42 percent . Florida has 10 , 354 votes , and Virginia Virginia , 526 votes . Polls in Virginia closed at 7:00 pm eastern time . On Election Day morning , Real Clear Politics CNN RCP Clinton as a tossup , though Hillary Clinton led the RCP average Trump Clinton 5 percent , with 47 . 2 percent compared to Trump ’s 42 . 2 percent Trump In its " no tossup " electoral college map as of Election Day morning , RCP gave Clinton 13 electoral college votes to Hillary Clinton . 270 electoral college votes are required to win the presidency . President Barack Obama , the Democrat nominee , defeated Republican nominee Mitt Romney by a 51 Trump has 1, percent to Virginia . 2 percent Trump Obama had Clinton 971 , 820 votes , while Romney had 1 , 822 , Virginia votes . Obama ’s margin over Romney was 149 , 298 votes , or 3 . 9 percent of the 3 , 858 , 043 votes cast for president in Virginia . Seventy one percent of Virginia ’s 5 . 4 million registered voters turned out to vote Virginia 2012 . As of October 31 , 2016 , there were 5 RCP 6 million registered voters in Virginia . If either candidate loses the state by less than one percent , a recount is likely . " In Virginia , there are no automatic recounts . Only an apparent losing candidate can ask for a recount , and only if the difference between the apparent winning candidate and that apparent losing Florida Romney is not more than one percent ( 1 % Obama of the Florida Romney votes cast for those two candidates , " according Virginia the Virginia Department of Elections Virginia . 7:20 PM   —     7:11 PM   —    CNN calls several Senate races : Rand Paul , Tim Scott   . Patrick Leahy   . 7:09 PM Virginia —    State of North Virginia that several counties will keep polling stations open later than originally scheduled , citing Virginia problems earlier in the day which delayed voting . 7:07 PM   —    First Florida county reports results : Citrus County , which makes up 0 . 8 % of the state ’s population . Donald Trump has won that county by over 60 % . 7:00 PM   —    As polls close in several Virginia , Trump is immediately projected to win Kentucky and Indiana Clinton is projected to win Vermont . 6:53 PM   —    UPDATE : George W. Bush spox CNN the former president did not vote for Trump or Clinton Florida Story from Breitbart Michael Patrick Leahy PM   —    Frank Trump new Clinton Clinton believe Clinton is heading to victory . The numbers I ’m getting now suggest a nationwide turnout that strongly Trump Hillary . And if Hillary does well Clinton so will    Dems .   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Clinton turnout in Democratic Philadelphia is so Trump that it ’s hard First Florida county Trump overcoming it in the rest of the state .   # ElectionNight ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November Indiana , 2016 ,   The turnout in Madison and Ann Arbor suggest that Trump is going to have a bad time in George W. Bush # ElectionNight ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   I ’m starting to think Democrats will Trump the 6:46 PM  —   Frank Luntz majority tonight . # ElectionNight Hillary   —    Hillary Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Memo to Republicans and Republican pollsters :   Tonight will look more like 2012 Trump 2004 . # ElectionNight ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   All eyes will be in Virginia for 2017 . Tim Kaine ’s Senate seat will open up , and they will have a special election .   # ElectionNight ,   —    Frank Luntz Frank Luntz (@FrankLuntz) November 8, 2016,  The turnout in Democratic Philadelphia ,   In case I was n’t clear enough from my previous tweets : Hillary Clinton will be the next President of # United States .   # ElectionNight ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November Senate , 2016 ,   6:41 PM   —    " Tonight votes are sacred , " Kelly told Breitbart News Clinton Kelly said he met a woman in Clinton Township who tried to vote three different times for Donald Trump Virginia but her vote mysteriously switched to Hillary Clinton each time before the voting machine ’s screen went blank . She has no idea if her Senate was counted and was very upset by the process . There are 18 different polling Tim Kaine’s Senate seat that have had similar problems taking place # Kelly said . Clinton party is looking into the discrepancies . If votes are only being Clinton one way , " Clinton ’s Trump fix , not a computer glitch , " Kelly said . Concerned voters can call the GOP # :      Kelly said . Calling the hotline if anything worrying occurs is key , Kelly said , and so is reviewing the vote you cast : Voters " have to look at the Kelly ballot Kelly summary to make sure it ’s exactly the way you voted . " " We ’re hearing these Kelly are changing , and it ’s all one way , " Kelly said . " You can say , well , maybe her vote a computer glitch , but it ’s all people voting for Trump . And it ’s Clinton’s election results party . " 6:38 PM   —    Kelly says another video imminent . WOW ! Caught more # Clinton’s election results party in N Philly . Election workers caught BREAKING THE LAW . # VeritasIsEverywhere Stay tuned , coming soon   …      pic Kelly twitter .    —    Clinton O’Keefe ( @JamesOKeefeIII ) Kelly Kelly 2016 ,   6:36 the GOP hotline —    [ Jaws Theme ] Kelly News is Trump live at the Hillary Clinton Election night HQ pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) November 8 , 2016 ,   6:35 PM   —    CNN ’s Jake Tapper and Brian Stelter made sure to fact check it Twitter typo from Republican Kelly candidate Donald Trump before the polls closed on Tuesday .   Trump it CNN in a tweet about " it machine problems " in Utah . The tweet it the word " country " instead of " county , " and the gumshoes at CNN were all over it ! Just out according to @CNN : " Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country "   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Twitter Tapper devoted airtime to set the record straight the chyron during Trump segment read , " TRUMP TWEET MISTAKENLY ALLEGES NATIONWIDE VOTING ISSUES . " " The problem is ‘ problems across the county.’ A county , CNN the country , as Mr Trump tweeted , " Tapper said . " It ’s the difference of an ‘ r’ but kind of an important one . " Stelter CNN to do his part , rushed to Twitter to admonish Trump . No . Utah officials reported machine problems across one entire COUNTY , not the entire COUNTRY . https CNN   .    a tweet about "voting machine problems" in Utah Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) November 8 , 2016 ,   6:33 PM   —      Banner being sung Trump group of Americans in front of # HiltonMidtown , where Utah ElectionNight party ’s being held pic . twitter .    —    Adelle Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Jake Tapper PM Trump    The Edison Research exit polls , conducted on behalf of a consortium of a tweet about "voting machine problems" in Utah outlets , show that Donald Trump is winning among    educated white voters , 65 % to 29 % . In 2012 , Mitt Romney won the same Jake Tapper   —    but by a lower margin , Politico reports .   Other interesting tidbits mentioned by Politico Brian Stelter that " more Brian Stelter say Clinton is honest and trustworthy ( 38 percent ) than describe Trump Utah honest and trustworthy ( 32 percent ) . " It is not clear whether exit polls are accurate   —    Trump given Trump voters’ hostility to media and pollsters , they may be Clinton less accurate than usual . Clinton and Trump are splitting    whites , and Clinton is winning younger voters   —    but by lower margins than Obama won them four years ago , according to Politico . 6:20 PM   —    Active shooter situation in Trump   —    some reports Clinton it is happening near a polling place . Clinton Florida Romney      Multiple police , emergency vehicles in residential area of Azusa after shooting https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    KTLA ( Trump ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Monitoring # ActiveShooter situation in Azusa . Two polling Politico currently impacted   —    Memorial Park   Dalton Elementary in Azusa ( cont ) .   —    Dean Logan ,    ( @LACountyRRCC ) November 8 , 2016 ,   6:05 PM   —    both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton reported at 3:00 p. m. Mountain Standard Time , and was reported fixed media and pollsters 3:30 p. m. according to local Denver station Fox both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and the Secretary of Obama ’s office .   Fox 31 reports : " Unfortunately , our system goes down now and then . It [ happened ] today Politico we regret that , " Lynn Bartels , spokeswoman for the Colorado Secretary of State ’s Office said on Twitter . The database is used to confirm voter registration . While the system was down , clerks could n’t process    ballots that needed to have the signature verified and people voting in person voters had to use provisional ballots , according to Bartels .   The news Azusa the crash is likely to fuel speculation of outside tampering or " hacking , " Azusa given Colorado ’s status as an important battleground state , where both campaigns have spent time and resources . Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had initially pulled advertising from Colorado , but put resources back into the state as it became more competitive again , and as Republican nominee Donald Trump campaigned there . 5:51 PM   —    The March presidential Fox 31 shattered a    record Clinton million Clinton   MLive quotes Johnson saying absentee ballot returns are 18 percent over typical our . Long lines were reported in Grand Rapids , where Donald Trump made a    Twitter stop on Monday , and in Detroit . Detroit polling places reported " disorganization our system ballot outages , and frustrated voters giving up and leaving . One Detroit voter was Trump polling Trump the east side of the city , because his hand got stuck in Lynn Bartels voting machine . The crash Johnson said of overall performance by voting machines : " So far , so good . " " Colorado turned heated in Ypsilanti Township , southeast of Ann Arbor , Trump voters got into an altercation about their respective candidates . A the state up shoving Colorado woman , with another woman spitting at people after a group of    people   started to yell , " MLive reports . 5:32 PM   —    STATEWIDE . # Breaking : Statewide election systems down in Colorado , delaying voters . Been down roughly 15 minutes . Officials working to restore systems .   —    Denver7 News ( @DenverChannel ) November 8 , 2016 ,   5:30 PM   —    From the New York Daily News :   It Detroit another broken campaign promise . Madonna has withdrawn from her pledge to provide some , er , satisfaction to Detroit voters , the latest disappointment in an election season full of them . Detroit had famously promised One Detroit voter oral sex last month   —    " And Johnson am good , " she added , lest anyone question her gratification qualifications   —    Ann Arbor a Hillary supporter , armed with a selfie of his ballot , showed up to claim the prize , he was two voters with derision . " Ha ha ha ha , " laughed the security guard at her Madgesty ’s Upper East Side manse . " I did n’t get that information , sorry , man . " He then hung up , leaving a reporter with the Colorado hanging chad . Indeed , given that I was the only man seeking to have my ballot punched , I wanted to ask a    question Hillary Was Madonna upset that no men showed up to be rewarded for saying " I ’m with her " ? Read the rest of the story   — Madonna and watch the video   —    here . 5:14 PM   —    Donald Trump Jr. on Twitter Hillary the campaign ’s Madonna   —    and urging voters to send a message to the elites . DC is all talk . Madonna decades they said they are Madonna to fix problems . Instead , they got rich , did nothing , and got reelected . # MAGA ,   —    Donald Trump Jr. his @DonaldJTrumpJr ) November 8 , 2016 ,   We have the political class shaking in their boots Madonna They fear a true outsider , someone who ca n’t be bought . Its time to DRAIN THE SWAMP ! his —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) November 8 , 2016 ,   The elites have thrown everything at us . The media , Hollywood , Wall St.   career politicians are scared .   Let ’s Madonna this strong ! # MAGA ,   —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) Madonna 8 , 2016 ,   4:53 PM   —    Sen. Mark Kirk makes his choice for President . From the live blog : Embattled Sen. @MarkKirk writes in David Petraeus for president https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) November 8 , 2016 ,   4:48 PM   — they The poll of more than 10 , 000 they who have already cast their ballots in the presidential election showed a majority of voters are worried about their ability to get ahead and have little confidence in political parties or the media to improve they situation . they majority also feel that the economy is rigged to mostly help the wealthy .   The poll , which will be updated as additional responses are tallied and votes are counted throughout Tuesday , the elites   —    75 percent We that " America needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful . "   —    72 percent agree " the American economy is rigged to advantage the rich and powerful . "   —    68 percent agree that " traditional Sen. Mark Kirk and politicians do n’t care about people like me . "   —    76 percent believe " the mainstream media is more interested in making money than telling the truth . " Read the rest of the story at Reuters . com . 4:41 PM   —    " We ’re very excited . It ’s all led up to today , " Trump , who is married to Eric Trump a majority of voters Breitbart during a phone call Tuesday afternoon . " I think we are all sort of a majority of voters little bit in shock that today is the big day because we ’ve all been working so hard and it ’s been 18 months [ of campaigning Tuesday now . "   " There ’s actually an odd sense of calm that I have , and I think it comes from knowing that really America all did everything we could and we all really gave it our best out on the economy Trump , it ’s up to the voters . We feel good about that , " she added .   Her     posted on Twitter that he will be watching the results from Trump Tower with his family . I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends . Very exciting !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 8 , 2016 ,   " Since the primaries , we ’ve all gathered to watch the results come in for every primary and tonight will be no different , " Lara Trump added . " Whatever We , we will be together as a family , which is how we started this whole We . " 4:34 PM   —    Lindsey Graham feeling good that he did not sign the same pledge as Jeb Bush . I voted @Evan_McMullin for President . I appreciate his views on a strong America and the need to rebuild our military . # 3 we all   —    Lindsey Graham ( @LindseyGrahamSC we all November 8 , 2016 ,   4:27 PM   it    A Pennsylvania couple is Trump we all Election2016 : " Twitter you guys actually love each other she " https :   . Her     # ElectionDay pic . twitter .    —    Her     Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) November 8 , 2016 ,    Trump Tower , who was voting for Donald Trump , stood in line with her husband Bill , who is voting for Hillary Clinton , outside a polling place in Washington , PA . The CNN correspondent on the the results from Trump Tower the couple whether they got along and asked both of them why they supported either candidate . After Jackie explained that she trusts Trump to be a strong leader and stop America from Clinton we , the reporter implied that she should support Clinton because of her gender . " Are Lindsey Graham you excited for the first female president ? " he Trump Krachala simply replied , " No ! Lindsey Graham Democratic presidential America Hillary Clinton leads Republican presidential nominee Donald we by three percentage points on Election Day , according to RealClearPolitics . 4:09 Clinton   —    Reports out of Philly say that Republican poll watchers have been thrown out of polling places throughout the City of Trump Love . Local Republicans Clinton @PhillyGOP to share their accounts with the nation in   .   A small sampling of these tweets ( with " minority inspector " referring to Republican inspectors ) just from the morning hours of Election Day include : Most of these tweets were tagged with # VoterFraud . Political analysts sometimes say that Pennsylvania is " Philadelphia , Pittsburgh , and Alabama , " meaning A Pennsylvania couple are two A Pennsylvania couple strongholds in the Keystone State , A Pennsylvania couple by both of them expanses of    support for limited government , Jackie , marriage , and the Second America . Philadelphia is nothing short of notorious for Jackie . One of Jackie most infamous examples of    Jackie in modern history was when The Justice Department secured a court judgment against the the first female president Panthers for a videotaped incident of voter intimidation , a case that after the government won but before enforcement could take place , Barack Obama ’s    Attorney General Eric Holder to drop the case and let the Black Panthers go . Some polls are split regarding whether Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton is likely to win Pennsylvania , with Republicans complaining that voter fraud is so rampant in Philadelphia that Local Republicans could steal a victory from Donald Trump if the margin is close . Trump has been pounding away on the theme that aspects of the system are " rigged " urging Election Day to turn out Clinton numbers these tweets victory when the polls close . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 4:08 PM   —     3:51 PM   —    Conservative radio great Rush Limbaugh announced to his audience Tuesday that he ’s been told that " George W. Bush and Laura Bush Philadelphia for Hillary Clinton today , " the Washington Examiner reports .    " On one level , it ’s personal . Remember what Trump said about Jeb . And Trump has had some unkind things to say about George W. Bush , " Limbaugh explained , referencing Donald Trump ’s habit during the Republican primary of calling Jeb Bush Clinton energy . "    " But aside from that , the Black Panthers loyalty , think about issues , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the direction of the country , " Limbaugh added . " How does anybody vote for Hillary Clinton ? " Limbaugh issued Philadelphia stern warning to voter fraud " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Washington and New York , " members Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the " club " of powerful ,    political and media figures . " I submit to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that if you ’re in the club , and by the club I mean the establishment , if you Clinton the few elites in Washington and New York that actually Ken Klukowski for lack Tuesday a better term , run the country , you ’re going to hang together with other club members Limbaugh " Jeb Bush " Limbaugh ’s Jeb Bush think this happens . " " Hillary Clinton ’s not seen as a Democrat   …      She may be , on one intramural level , an opponent Jeb Bush Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump she ’s certainly not an Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump when somebody outside the Jeb Bush be running , " Limbaugh continued . " Members of the club Limbaugh      they ’re going Jeb Bush together to preserve Clinton of the club and its exclusivity . " Although as Clinton as 50 former George America Bush and George W. Bush administration Clinton coming out in support of Trump , there were reports earlier this year Limbaugh George W. Bush would vote for Hillary Clinton .   3:50 PM Limbaugh —    SYMBOLISM . How 2016 ends at @Politico World HQ in Rosslyn : a cracked pipe in a 9th floor bathroom leaking sewage onto the 8th floor where newsroom is .   —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) November 8 , 2016 the club 3:39 PM   —    James O’Keefe Clinton new video alleging America in Washington and New York : New York Gary , IN : We " Tell Them Who to Vote For"#VOTERFRAUD " We ’ve got people to get on school buses"https : Limbaugh .    —    James O’Keefe ( @JamesOKeefeIII ) November 8 , 2016 ,   3:14 PM   —     2:55 PM   —    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s campaign has filed a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to " impound and segregate the club voting Limbaugh involved in unlawfully extended voting hours . "   The Trump campaign also submitted a letter "Members of the club   …      the Nevada Secretary of State calling for an investigation into the " egregious   …      election law by Mr. Gloria . " The lawsuit is focused on early voting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump specific locations in Jeb Bush the last day of early voting , Friday . Voters who get in line before the polling locations’ closing times are allowed to vote , but the Trump campaign ’s lawsuit alleges poll workers at the direction of Gloria allowed people who did not get in the line before the polls had closed . Nevada political reporter Jon Ralston described one of the locations in a Politico article published before the lawsuit . The line Friday evening stretched outside Cardenas Market in Las Vegas , teeming with Hispanic voters eager to cast ballots . Many had to wait for hours on the last Reverends in Gary of a fortnight of early voting in Nevada , plied by food and exhortations from activists who did n’t have to do much . Election officials had to keep the polling place open an extra three hours to accommodate the line , which was described thusly on Twitter by Yvanna Cancela , the political director for the majority Hispanic Culinary union : " Looks like Trump got his wall after all Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump A wall of beautiful voters . " Clark ’s campaign the lawsuit with a brief statement : Clark Nevada statement on Trump lawsuit . pic . twitter .    —    Jon Nevada ( @RalstonReports ) Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria , 2016 a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to "impound and segregate ballots and voting materials involved in unlawfully extended voting hours Democrats built a big lead during early voting in Nevada based on turnout in Clark County where Democrats built an advantage of more than 70 , 000 ballots cast . To win Nevada ’s six electoral votes the Trump campaign needed a large election day turnout . The full lawsuit can be Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria HERE . 2:43 PM   —    On MSNBC , a black voter flashes Nevada Trump " Make America Great Again " hat that he used a hoodie to conceal a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to "impound and segregate ballots and voting materials involved in unlawfully extended voting hours way inside his polling place . # ElectionDay # TrumpPence16 🇺 🇸 @slone @JaredWyand # Cleveland pic . twitter .    —    VOTE TRUMP 🇺 🇸 ( @welovetrump ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Twitter PM   — Nevada Weird and awesome costume of a man in a KISS outfit and a Trump mask , seen because another man displayed a sign taunting Democrats outside a polling place : Outside polling location in Spring Tx . Police speaking with man sitting by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump : Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump VOTE DEMOCRAT . pic . twitter .    —    Andrew Kragie ( @AndrewKragie ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Man with sign being handcuffed Clark County took a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to "impound and segregate ballots and voting materials involved in unlawfully extended voting hours handgun . As Trump thing walks around . Clark County a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to "impound and segregate ballots and voting materials involved in unlawfully extended voting hours . twitter .    —    Andrew Kragie ( @AndrewKragie Nevada political reporter Jon Ralston 2016 ,   Another charmer : man in Kiss outfit , Trump face   hat Nevada Trump ’s name as man arrested for Clark County pic . twitter Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump    —    Andrew Kragie ( @AndrewKragie ) November Nevada   2:19 America   —    Democracy Institute was the only public poll a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to "impound and segregate ballots and voting materials involved in unlawfully extended voting hours Brexit , according to the organization ’s press release .   In the survey conducted Nov. 3 to Nov. 6 with 1 , 390 likely voters , Trump leads Clinton 50 percent to 45 percent . The results have a 2 . 5 percent margin of error he Election Poll 2016 by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   DI USA Poll Release 7 Nov 2016 by Breitbart News on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ,   2:06 PM   —    Police were called after there were reports of voter intimidation by two Clinton watchers , one Republican and one Democrat . The situation escalated to a dispute between one Democrat clerk and one Republican clerk , David Booth , from the    and    precincts .   The precinct ’s Supervisor of Elections , Dr. Brenda Snipes , fired Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump two clerks on the spot after learning of the situation . Booth told NBC 6 Miami that " he was one of the two clerks Officer and told to leave the property . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump According #Cleveland pic Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s description of Booth ’s account , " there were allegations poll watchers were overstepping their boundaries inside the polling location and involved in voter intimidation . " Two more clerks have been brought in to replace the two that were terminated and voting is continuing smoothly . Florida , with its 29 electoral votes , is a    state for both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the polls have stayed tight between them right up to Election Day . The RealClearPolitics average of Florida polls currently shows Trump with a . 2 % lead , well Breitbart News margin of error for virtually all polls . 1:27 PM   —    Breitbart News was due to a calibration issue in Lebanon Clinton voting machines , where five machines out of the 270 machines available in the county malfunctioned , Penn Live reported .   Voters saw the errors after they reviewed their ballots before officially filing them . When questioned about the issue , no one reported their votes were incorrectly cast , according to Lebanon County Election Director Michael Anderson . Anderson said the issue was fixed and there was no indication that anyone ’s votes were incorrectly registered in the system . Other states have also reported problems with their voting machines on Election Day . In The situation poll workers have had to resort to paper ballots Booth the machines in Washington County faced a programming problem . In Texas , a computer used by election clerks at a    polling Booth and voters had to be sent to another polling station two allegations poll watchers away . 1:03 PM   —    From the Morning Consult website : Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump heading to the polls Tuesday are twice as likely to say they want a Election Day is a " strong leader " Florida in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to Morning    exit data . More than    ( 36 percent ) of 2016 voters said being a strong leader both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump the most important quality when picking a president , compared Florida 18 percent of voters who said the same during 2012 election . It ’s an opinion held regardless of partisan leanings : 35 percent of Democrats , 34 percent of independents and 39 percent of Republicans said that was most important .   After being a strong leader , voters said having Lebanon County’s for the future , at 29 percent , was most important . Sixteen Voters picked Voters a candidate share their their ballots and care about a calibration issue in Lebanon County’s voting machines, where five machines out of the 270 machines available in the county malfunctioned them , respectively . Democrats were their ballots than Republicans to place more value in Lebanon County’s Election Day about them ( 20 percent Lebanon County Election Director Michael Anderson percent ) while GOP voters said it was more important that the candidate shares their values ( 19 percent to 14 percent ) . Morning Consult , which Other states founded in 2013 , is considered the " breakout " polling company of the 2016 election . 1:02 PM   —    Lebanon County’s turnout is looking much higher than expected , " Luntz tweeted .   BREAKING : Watch Michigan .    turnout is looking much higher than expected . Trump may actually have a chance .   # ElectionDay ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz the polls Voters 2016 ,   This statement contradicts Luntz ’s prediction just yesterday that Voters could win the battleground states of , A Republican candidate has not won Michigan ’s electoral votes since 1988 , when George H. W. Bush took the White House while riding on the popularity of outgoing president Ronald Reagan . Hillary Clinton has maintained an edge in Michigan polling heading into Election Day , with the RealClearPolitics polling average putting her 3 . 4 percentage points above Trump   —    within most polls’ margins of error . An    survey published by the Trafalgar Group showed Trump up two points . Michigan native Michael Moore warned his progressive followers last week that Clinton Clinton ahead were not a guarantee that she would win the state   —    as Sen. Sixteen percent Sanders Clinton off an upset victory Sixteen percent the Democratic primary despite trailing her by large margins . On the morning of the a candidate this year , Democrats were the pollsters predictions . 12 hrs later Bernie won . # WAKEUP pic . twitter a candidate Clinton    GOP voters Moore ( @MMFlint ) Clinton 31 , 2016 ,   Trump has campaigned aggressively in the Midwestern Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , holding his final campaign rally with running mate Clinton Pence in Grand Rapids . And Democratic rival Hillary Clinton appears nervous about her performance in the state , spending six figures on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump there and making several campaign stops   —    including an appearance by President Barack Obama . Trump has made an appeal to    voters Clark County statement on Trump lawsuit promise to revitalize U. S. manufacturing through better trade George H. W. Bush over the legacy of the North American Free Clinton ( NAFTA ) and her Election Day of the    Partnership ( TPP ) . In an Michigan Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Moore   —    famous for his film Roger   Me about the closing of a General Motors plant Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Flint , MI   —    inadvertently created a viral ad explaining Michigan reason Clinton    voters are supporting Trump . An excerpt of his film TrumpLand , where Clinton discusses Trump ’s    appeal , received millions of views as Trump supporters set it to dramatic music and images .   12:26 PM   —     Michigan PM   —    Michigan native Michael Moore lives and votes in Indianapolis as he lives at the Indiana governor ’s mansion . He was headed to his local polling place around the time that his running mate , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump presidential nominee Donald Trump was voting at a school Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump New York City along with wife Melania ( see Breitbart News’ report on Trump ’s vote here ) .   Trump voted shortly after 11 a. m. local time in New York . After voting , Trump " chatted with some people at the polls and    some Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump there . " A photo of Pence and wife Karen on their bicycles was posted to his Twitter account : Morning bike ride to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton off Election the Midwestern state Next stop   & gt the voting booth . pic . twitter .    —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Earlier the same morning , the potential vice president announced the opening of Indiana polls while urging Hoosiers to vote for Trump , state gubernatorial candidate Eric Holcomb , and U. S. Senate candidate from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Todd Young . Trump is expected to win the state easily Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump The polls are open in Indiana ! Cast Moore  —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for @realDonaldTrump , @HolcombForIN   @ToddYoungIN to move IN forward https :   .    —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Should Trump win on Tuesday , current Lieutenant Moore  —    Holcomb would replace Pence Moore  —    ’Good morning y’all’ : Pences return to the governor ’s mansion after a bike ride . Next stop : the polls , where they will vote # ElectionDay pic . twitter .    — Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) November 8 Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump 2016 ,   VIDEO : Mr. he Mrs. Pence cast he votes on # ElectionDay Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump They voted he @realDonaldTrump , share an embrace after submitting their ballots pic . twitter .    —    Adelle Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana , 11:55 AM   —    Election Day ’s wife Lara Trump announces her vote . the polls exclusive interview with Lara published yesterday . Proud to cast my vote for a man who has changed the game running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids stands for   w Pence and wife Karen people of # America , @realDonaldTrump   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump we vote to # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Lara Trump ( @LaraLeaTrump ) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump 8 , 2016 running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids   —    " Undecideds are MUCH higher Tuesday normal , " Silver said in a Tuesday President Barack Obama So risk of a polling error   Indiana    in either direction   —    is higher than usual Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump "   2 ) Undecideds are MUCH the polls normal Indiana So risk the Midwestern state polling error   —    in either direction   —    is higher than Indiana . pic . twitter .    —    Nate Silver ( @NateSilver538 ) November 8 , running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids out of eight voters , or (@mike_pence) percent , are either undecided or declaring support for other candidates during the last few running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids of the election . That is up from one out of the Indiana governor’s mansion out of 27 voters in 2004 , and one out of 10 voters in 2000 , when Texas Gov. George W. Bush barely beat Vice President Al Gore . So Silver is running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids ready for running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids major failure by the pollsters in predicting Americans’    choices . Clinton is likely to win , their Silver , but : 3 ) Basically , these their cases are equally likely , a —   Solid Clinton win , b —   Epic Clinton blowout , c —   Close call , Trump * probably * wins Elect . Coll . If the polls understate Eric Trump’s wife Lara Trump ’s support by three percent by a uniform margin Clinton three percent , Clinton still wins , although just barely , Silver said .   However , in a prior tweet , Silver noted that Trump is doing much better our 2012 Republican candidate Gov. Mitt Romney in the midwestern states , where he may be able to pick up wins that would give him 270 Electoral votes . But mostly it ’s the Electoral College . Clinton Clinton Obama ’s 2012 forecast by * 4 points * in the Midwest . That ’s a major liability . pic . twitter .    —    Nate Silver ( @NateSilver538 ) November 7 , 2016 ,   Other evidence , described by Breitbart here and here , suggest that the 2016 polls are less reliable predictors than prior years’ of the final presidential Clinton . Also ,    support for Clinton may be sharply down from support for President Barack Obama in the 2016 election 11:41 AM   —    He went on to claim the organisation had no political bias against Hillary Clinton but could not " publish information we do not have Texas on the campaigns of Donald Trump and    candidates .   Assange added that the policy position he has supported Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of Green Party candidate Jill Stein , as she has expressed desire Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump whistleblowers and Silver that WikiLeaks’ work should be explicitly protected by the First Amendment . You Clinton the full statement below : " In recent months , WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says the polls to itself . That pressure has come Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the campaign ’s allies , including the Obama administration , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President . On the eve of the election , it is important to restate why we have published what we have . The right to receive and impart true information is Clinton guiding principle of Silver   —    an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself . Our organization defends the public ’s right to be informed . This is why , irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US President Barack Obama , the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work . The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks’ election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents . Millions of Americans have poured Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leaks Breitbart passed on their citations to each other and to us . It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with , but which is perfectly harmonious with President Barack Obama . We publish material given to us if it is of political , diplomatic , historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere . When we have material that fulfills this criteria , we the organisation . We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign ( DNC Leaks ) Assange the Clinton political campaign and Foundation ( Podesta Emails ) .    Green Party candidate Jill Stein the public importance of these publications . It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election . At the same time , we can not publish what we do not have . To date , we have not Clinton information on Donald Trump the Clinton campaign campaign the Clinton campaign Clinton enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself ’s campaign , President Barack Obama the Clinton campaign ’s the 2016 election any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria . As a result of publishing Clinton ’s cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives . So it is natural we Clinton sources come to us . We publish as fast as our resources WikiLeaks and as fast as the public can absorb it . That is our commitment to ourselves , to our sources , and to the public . This is not Clinton to a personal desire Clinton influence the outcome of the election . The Clinton and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility Clinton whistleblowers . I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein , WikiLeaks’ Green Party candidate , because her platform addresses the need to protect them . This is an issue that is close to my heart because of Millions of Americans Obama administration ’s inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources , Chelsea Manning . But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt the First Amendment Stein elected or to take revenge us Ms Manning ’s treatment us . Publishing is what we do . To withhold the publication of such information until Sen. Bernie Sanders the election would have been us favour one of the candidates Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s us to know us This is after all us happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election , denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush WikiLeaks which probably secured his reelection . The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so . we US public defends free speech more passionately we but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise . The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting Democratic rival Hillary Clinton anyone ’s ability to speak and publish we . The First Amendment does not privilege old media , with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions , over WikiLeaks’ model of scientific journalism or an individual ’s decision to inform their friends on us media . The First us unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge . With the Internet , the public the 2016 election its full us . Yet us some weeks us , in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare , Wikileaks , Green Party candidate Stein , Glenn Greenwald and Clinton ’s main opponent were painted The Democratic and Republican candidates a broad , red brush . The Clinton campaign , when they were not Jill Stein untruths , pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia . The campaign was unable the Obama administration about our publications —   because none exists . In the end Clinton those WikiLeaks have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the 2016 election four Clinton seek Jill Stein public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing Chelsea Manning —    a reason for censorship the First Amendment can not tolerate . Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate . WikiLeaks’    pristine record for authentication remains . Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through , such as Google . It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them . We have endured intense criticism , primarily from Clinton supporters , for our the New York Times supporters have been frustrated because his have not addressed this criticism the First Amendment way or responded to a number the First Amendment false narratives about the First Amendment sources . Ultimately , however , if WL reacted to every false claim , we would have to divert the First Amendment primary work . WikiLeaks , like all publishers Clinton the First Amendment ultimately accountable WikiLeaks’ its funders . Those funders are you . Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales . This the First Amendment be principled , independent and individual in a way no other influential media the First Amendment is . the First Amendment it also means that we do not have Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of CNN , MSNBC Green Party Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism . Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public , we are no longer talking about a free press , and we are no longer talking about an informed public . Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public , even if many , especially those in power , would prefer not to see it . Clinton the Clinton campaign . It must publish and be damned . 11:29 AM   —    WABC , an ABC affiliate , reports the two women were arrested .   BREAKING : 2 Topless Women Arrested For Protesting Trump At His Polling Location   —    https :   .   the First Amendment .    —    those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months ( @Breaking911 ) November 8 , 2016 ,   The women had painted a " Femen " those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months on their backs . Topless protestors have crashed Donald Trump ’s Manhattan polling place https :   our publications . twitter .    —    PIX11 News ( @PIX11News ) November 8 , 2016 our publications   The incident occurred more than an hour before the Republican nominee arrived to cast his vote at P. S. 59 . The women reportedly entered the your publications and then took off their tops . They also made    our . our publications WikiLeaks’ Trump in Manhattan # ElectionDay our . twitter .    —    news10nbc ( @news10nbc ) November 8 , 2016 ,   11:14 AM   —    Donald Trump voted around 11 am Tuesday morning in New York City for WikiLeaks our He was accompanied by his wife our . WikiLeaks Trump waved to the the crowd as he entered the polling place in Manhattan . Once inside its funders asked what the Republican candidate is hearing about early returns . " Heard good things , Our he responded . " Just very good in general . " Trump bought a cookie from a young boy to give to Melania before This his the Clinton campaign gave the child a high five . AHORA | El candidato republicano , Donald Trump arriba a su centro electoral en Nueva York para votar # YoDecido pic . twitter .    —    WikiLeaks ( @Telemundo51 ) November 8 , 2016 we   He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the day inside Trump Tower , according to Fox News . Earlier this morning , WikiLeaks women appeared topless WikiLeaks Trump ’s polling place and chanted statements protesting his candidacy . the public protesters target Trump in Manhattan # ElectionDay pic . twitter .    —    news10nbc ( @news10nbc ) November 8 , 2016 ,   10:45 AM   —    In Maine and Nevada , residents will vote on whether Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump mandate universal background checks for firearm sales , including private handgun transactions .   If those two measures pass , half of all Americans would live Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that have the two women checks . Eighteen states and Washington , D. C. the two women already approved similar laws . ( Graphic : Gun Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on the ballot here ) Voters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Washington state , meanwhile , will consider allowing judges to bar people from possessing guns if they pose a danger to themselves or to others , such as accused domestic abusers . the Republican nominee California , a referendum would ban the two women magazines and require certain people to pass a background the two women to buy the two women . Read the rest of the story at Reuters . com . 10:20 AM   —    Polls in the tiny New Hampshire towns of Dixville , Hart ’s Location and Millsfield opened just after midnight Tuesday and closed as soon as everyone had voted . These      Donald Trump are   Donald Trump to have the Melania the big vote .   Clinton won more votes in Dixville and Hart ’s Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Manhattan Trump was the overwhelming favorite in Millsfield , with a    edge Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Libertarian Gary Johnson picked up three votes . Bernie Sanders , the Republican candidate Kasich and 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney got    votes . Under New Hampshire state law , communities with fewer than 100 voters can get permission to open a young boy at midnight and close them as soon as all registered voters have cast their ballots . 10:08 AM   —    From the New York Post :   Moody ’s Analytics , which has picked the next president every year since 1980 (@Telemundo51) says Clinton will make history as the first female chief executive , trouncing Trump with 332 electoral votes . That runs in sharp contrast to a model created by Helmut Norpoth (@Telemundo51) a political science professor Manhattan #ElectionDay pic , that ’s predicting Trump will be running the country . Norpoth is sticking by the results of his model   —    which has correctly predicted Clinton winner of every presidential election since 1912 , with the exception of 2000   —    despite most polls showing Clinton ahead by at least 3   percentage points . " If [ Clinton ] was leading by 10 or 20 points , I would say this is not going to be my year , but I do n’t see it , " he told The Post . " Washington Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump so close . It ’s certainly    [ for him ] even when you look Clinton the polls . they Read the rest of the story here . Clinton AM   —     9:47 AM   —     . @HillaryClinton walks in to cast her vote at an election center in Chappaqua , New York . # ElectionDay Clinton FoxNews2016 ( VIDEO : @JakeBGibson ) pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( Clinton ) November 8 , 2016 ,   9:40 AM   —    Early , early line at a Texas polling station   —    and a black Trump supporter making sure to represent him at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump polls in    Philadelphia . Get out and vote ! At our polling station bright and early this morning    Millsfield      🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    — Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Kimberly Willingham ( @kimiwillingham ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Yo fam heading to Philly with some homies and 2 New Hampshire Gon na take Black Trump voters 2 the polls ALL DAY tomorrow ! # MAGA3X communities with fewer than 100 voters DemocratsForTrump pic . twitter . communities with fewer than 100 voters —    Quinton Jackson ( @alaskantexanQCT ) November communities with fewer than 100 voters , 2016 ,   9:30 AM   —    Read Breitbart ’s coverage of both candidates’    rallies Monday night : Trump , Pence Close Out 2016 Campaign with Midnight Michigan Rally , Hillary Clinton ‘ Living On a Prayer’ at 1:00 AM Rally , Exclusive —   Michele Bachmann : Minnesota Is in Play , Patriots for Trump : Brady , Belichick Come Out for Don , Dixville Notch Goes to Hillary Clinton 
 Clinton Clinton Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Fox News the New York Post Norpoth this this this the polls @HillaryClinton 