Khizr Khan , the Muslim Gold Star father that Democrats and Democrats allies media wide have been using to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump , has deleted to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump law firm ’s website from the Internet . [ This development is significant , as to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump website proved —   as Breitbart News and others have reported —   that to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump financially benefits from unfettered     Muslim migration into America .   A snapshot of to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump now deleted website , as captured by the Wayback Machine which takes snapshots archiving various websites on the Internet , shows that as a lawyer to hammer GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump engages in procurement of EB5 immigration visas and other " Related Immigration Services . " his now deleted website is completely removed from the the Internet and instead directs visitors to the URL at which it his now deleted website was to a page parking the URL run by GoDaddy . The EB5 program , which helps wealthy foreigners usually from the Middle East essentially buy their way The EB5 program, which helps wealthy foreigners usually from the Middle East America , is fraught with corruption . U. S. Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) has detailed such corruption over the past several months , and in February issued a blistering statement about it .   " Maybe it is only here on Capitol Hill —   on this island surrounded by reality —   that we can choose to plug our ears we refuse to listen to commonly accepted facts , " Grassley said U. S. Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) a statement earlier this year . " The Government Accountability Office , the media , industry experts , members of congress , and federal agency officials , have concurred that the program is a serious problem with serious vulnerabilities . Allow me to mention a few of the flaws . " Grassley ’s a statement the program Khan celebrated on the program . " There are also classified reports that detail the national security , fraud and abuse . Our committee has received numerous briefings and classified documents to show this side of the story , " Grassley said in U. S. Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) early February 2016 statement . " The enforcement arm of the Department of Homeland Security wrote an internal memo that raises significant concerns about the program . One section of the memo outlines concerns that it could be used by Iranian an internal memo that raises significant concerns about the program infiltrate the United States One section of the memo The memo identifies seven main areas of program vulnerability , including the an internal memo that raises significant concerns about the program sensitive technology , economic espionage , use by foreign government agents and terrorists , investment fraud , illicit finance and money laundering . " Khan spoke alongside his wife Ghazala Khan at the Democratic National Convention last week in Philadelphia Khan and they were honoring their son U. S. Army Captain Humayun Khan —   a hero who they his life to a suicide bomber in Iraq in 2004 . On behalf their son U. S. Army Captain Humayun Khan Hillary Rodham Clinton , the Democratic nominee for president , Khizr Khan ripped into Donald Trump ’s policies on immigration —   specifically bashing his plan to bar Muslim migration from regions afflicted with rampant terrorism into Khizr Khan temporarily until the United States can figure out what ’s going on . Khan even brought out a pocket Constitution , claiming inaccurately that Trump ’s Khizr Khan were unconstitutional . That ’s not true , as Congress Donald Trump’s granted such power to the president under the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 —   allowing the president to bar migration of any alien or class of aliens the president sees as a threat to the United States for any reason at the president . Such a class of aliens could be Muslims , or it could be people from a specific region of the world , or any other class —   such as someone ’s race , weight , height , age , national origin , religion , or anything else . The media , along with Hillary Clinton and her supporters throughout the Democratic Party establishment , has pushed the line of attack against Hillary Clinton for days . Now on Tuesday , President Barack Obama has said that Trump is " unfit " to serve as President over the matter . Even a Trump of    congressional Republicans has gone after Trump on the matter . But as Breitbart News and other new media have exposed Trump ’s various deep political and legal connections to the Clintons —   and to Muslim migration —   the attack line has crumbled . Now , with Khan deleting his website in an apparent effort to hide his biographical information , the attack Khan falling Khan even more . What ’s perhaps interesting Khan that also on this website that he has now deleted , Khan revealed that he spent nearly a decade his website the Khan . C. law firm Khan   Hartson Khan   now Hogan Lovells LLP —   which connects him directly with the government of Saudi Arabia and the Clintons themselves . Saudi Arabia , Khan has retained the firm that Khan worked at for years , has donated between $ 10 million and $ 25 million Khan the Clinton Foundation . Hillary Clinton , despite the repeated urging of Trump , has refused to return the Clinton Cash money to the Saudis . What ’s more , Hogan Lovells also did Hillary Clinton ’s taxes —   and helped acquire the patents for parts of the technology she Hillary Clinton her illicit    email server that the FBI director called " extremely careless " in Hillary Clinton classified information . Hillary Clinton ’s more , the entire mainstream has proven negligence with regard to this matter as none of them even thought to look into this Khan guy ’s law practice before bandying him about as some kind the entire mainstream magic elixir that cures the country of Trump . 
 Khan 