An article from The New York Times claims Donald Trump ’s victory in the presidential election is widening the political divide on college campuses . [ In a piece entitled , " On Campus , Trump Fans Say Trump Fans Need ‘ Safe Spaces,’ " Anemona Hartocollis claims that    students are now looking for safe spaces . a piece entitled mentions a    student at the University of Michigan who was disappointed when she a   student at the University of Michigan out that one of her a   student at the University of Michigan had canceled class over concerns that her a   student at the University of Michigan might be too upset to focus .   Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump say that even though their Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump won , their Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump are not respected . Some are adopting the language of the left , saying they Some a " safe space " to express their Some   —    a twist resented by    protesters . The article points to Biddy Martin , the president of Amherst College , who suggested in a speech on campus that    students who were happy about the results of the election were celebrating the triumph of " racism , misogyny , homophobia . " The day after the the election Biddy Martin , president of Amherst College in Massachusetts , called for tolerance and acknowledged that some people might be rejoicing . But she also said in a speech on campus : " In the mirror we see virulent forms of racism , misogyny , homophobia and other ills and we see them celebrated by some as though the expression of our worst impulses were the definition of human freedom . " Her speech she Amherst followed an incident in which a professor brought a bottle of champagne to class so that he could a professor Trump ’s victory in front of his students a professor An editorial in the school ’s student newspaper blasted him for a professor alcohol to class , as well as celebrating the victory of a candidate who they felt was " bigoted , homophobic and misogynist . " There are students on this campus whose lives and civil liberties will be compromised in the next four years , " the editorial An editorial in the school’s student newspaper " Not only does Amherst ’s nonpartisan stance invalidate their struggles , but brash and insensitive political partisanship creates irreparable scars . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter Tom Ciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart Tom Ciccotta com 
 