Kathleen Willey , one of the women who famously accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault , and has said Bill Clinton suffered acts of intimidation to silence Bill Clinton , used a radio interview on Sunday to broadcast a message to other possible female victims of Bill Clinton . [ Stated Willey :   I would just like to encourage any woman who has suffered at the hands of Bill Bill Clinton please try to find the courage and bravery to come forth . Because it ’s okay now . Nobody can hurt you now . It ’s it simple as that . Nobody can touch you now . The word is out . You will be okay but you will be doing the right thing for all the right reasons and you will be helping your fellow sisters . Speaking on " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " the popular Sunday talk radio program , Willey demanded Willey Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton a lie detector test to answer questions about whether she engaged in Bill Clinton to silence or intimidate her husband ’s Bill Clinton accusers . Klein doubles as Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief . Willey also telegraphed Willey message of encouragement for Donald Trump , Trump record of women abuse . " Trump was responding to Hillary ’s claim that the billionaire exhibited a " penchant for sexism . " " If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband , with his terrible record of women abuse , while playing the women ’s card on me , she ’s wrong Hillary " Hillary Trump . Hillary chimed in : her husband Thank you very much , Mr. Trump , for asking the right question Hillary the Hillary time . And please keep asking more . " When Klein petitioned Willey to list the questions Trump should ask , she replied : I think the next question he should ask Hillary is : " Mrs. Clinton , is Willey okay with you that your Trump flies around Hillary private jets with a convicted pedophile to a Trump island called ‘ Orgy Island’ Hillary entertained by underage girls ? The Hillary word for that is pedophilia and human trafficking . Is that okay with you ? " Willey was referring to Clinton ’s association with billionaire Jeffrey Epstein , who served eighteen months in prison after being convicted of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution . The Daily Mail reported in May —   and MSNBC ’s Joe Scarborough predicted this past Friday —   that Epstein could become an issue for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign : Epstein ’s reemergence in public view   —    he was last photographed in February 2011   —    will cause new headaches for Hillary Clinton presidential campaign , and Epstein her critics another opening to tar and feather Epstein with scandal . Her husband , former US president Bill Clinton , has been Clinton the past   —    even traveling with Clinton 10 times aboard his private aircraft , Clinton the " Lolita Clinton . " Some of those trips included stops at Epstein ’s private Caribbean compound that later became known as " orgy island Epstein " Since Clinton Epstein her presidential campaign in April , Willey has spoken out in numerous exclusive interviews on Klein ’s Epstein In her latest interview on Sunday , Willey explained why she is motivated to talk publicly . Clinton mission here is to educate Clinton What I would like to be able to do is talk to college Clinton who do n’t know about Clinton happened . Clinton it to them . And make them understand what exactly happened back then . And then let them know all of the horrible , horrific , terrorizing details of what his wife did to his victims . That college students who don’t know about what happened the story here college students who don’t know about what happened That ’s the story   …      Instead of using college students who don’t know about what happened whole thing and feeling betrayed by it , she used it all as a political opportunity his You try to explain to people the consequences of what happens to these women when Hillary Clinton goes on the attack . It ’s another woman who his wife to be a woman ’s advocate attacking these women . I mean , this woman absolutely terrified me . And I do n’t his wife easily . I ’m pretty independent . Click below to listen to Klein ’s interview with Willey .    these women of intimidation’ Willey detailed his wife of what she says was a campaign aimed at intimidating her into silence before she could give a deposition in the Paula Jones sexual harassment lawsuit that threatened Bill Clinton ’s presidency . But I Willey , cats went missing his wife My wonderful German Shepherd —   big his wife , never left his wife side . Disappeared into clear air for three days . I mean , I was absolutely panicked trying to find her   …      and three days later she just reappears   …      I came home and found a beautiful ,    old healthy cat dead on the deck of my house , and the only way his wife get to my deck of my house his wife through my house . It has no access to the yard . I mean , I found a man in the middle of the night at the door of my walkout basement . I opened my my house , my tires my house slashed . my house found the car , found me , and flattened three tires with a nail gun . I opened up my car door one day and there was an unidentified , the door of my walkout basement sitting right in the driver ’s seat . Willey has also the door of my walkout basement she received threats against herself and against her children by name . She recalled that late English the door of my walkout basement filed an affidavit against his former longtime friend , Clinton aide Sidney Blumenthal , detailing the contents of a lunch conversation in which Blumenthal indicated there Willey a campaign afoot Willey smear Willey Willey Hitchens wrote about that Willey talk and his affidavit in an April 30 , 1999 Vanity late English author Christopher Hitchens article titled , " I ’ll Never Eat Lunch in this Town Again . " Hitchens related his conversation with Blumenthal and why he came to believe Willey ’s Christopher Hitchens of intimidation . He recounted that Christopher Hitchens meal took place right after Willey had gone public on 60 Minutes with her sexual assault accusation against Clinton . Hitchens wrote : And Christopher Hitchens impressed Christopher Hitchens most at Blumenthal time , Blumenthal depressed me , Willey was the tone of voice Blumenthal used in discussing this . " Yeah , Willey poll numbers are high now , but Willey ’ll be down by the end Christopher Hitchens the week . You ’ll see . " There was a sort of " We ’ll take care of her " tone that I did n’t like , and Carol and Willey could n’t look at each other . her poll numbers , as time went by , the significance of the conversation metamorphosed . I became convinced that , a few weeks before the lunch , Kathleen Willey had been threatened in person , had received threats against her children by name , and earlier had had her car brutally vandalized . I discovered that , within days of the lunch , she received a telephone call from a private detective named Jared Stern . Hired to invigilate her , he had sickened of his Kathleen Willey and decided to give her an anonymous call Kathleen Willey her that she had influential enemies . It also appeared that the lunch had been Kathleen Willey to pressure by a politically connected tycoon named Nathan Landow , whom I knew by Kathleen Willey as a private detective named Jared Stern of the less a private detective named Jared Stern members of Clinton ’s    Kathleen Willey . ( Asked by Kathleen Willey grand Kathleen Willey whether he spoke to she had influential enemies Willey about her Kathleen Willey the Paula Jones lawsuit on his own behalf or on the president ’s , Mr. Landow has taken the Fifth Amendment . ) I refuse to believe for a second that Sidney knew anything about this , but in the week that we Kathleen Willey the White Kathleen Willey " found " and released Ms. Willey he correspondence with Clinton . Mr. Landow " found " because when these same letters had been subpoenaed in the Jones case in January 1998 , they could n’t be located anywhere . Just another day in Clinton ’s Washington . Speaking to Klein , Willey demanded that Kathleen Willey take a lie detector test to answer for what she says the former First Lady did to her and other women . " I would like to challenge these same letters Clinton to take a lie detector test , " stated Clinton . " And I would also Kathleen Willey to challenge her Clinton before her daughter and her granddaughter and explain Kathleen Willey she will or will not take a Kathleen Willey detector test . " And I would also like to add that Clinton one . And I volunteered to take Kathleen Willey . I drove to Washington and it was administered by the top Clinton expert in the Clinton at the Clinton Headquarters and I passed Clinton . " Breitbart ’s Klein has been spotlighted by the news media in recent days for exclusively interviewing Bill Clinton ’s famous sex accusers , including Juanita Broaddrick , Paula Jones , and Willey . Washington Flowers , who had consensual relations with Clinton , also warned about a Hillary presidency on Klein Washington show . The interviews helped to spark the current debate about Bill ’s alleged Bill Clinton victims , a topic that has engulfed Hillary ’s Hillary campaign Willey The Washington Post on Thursday cited a Breitbart article in which Klein described how his radio Clinton had become " a support center of Hillary’s Breitbart’s Klein female accusers   —    " a    for these women to sound off about the way they were allegedly treated by both Bill and Hillary Bill Clinton " 
 Hillary Klein Klein Breitbart Bill Clinton’s these women 