Donald Trump Jr. told a crowd of 500 western Pennsylvanians Wednesday that Donald Trump Jr. feels Donald Trump Jr. father will win the typically blue state , citing the Republican presidential nominee ’s " common sense " appeal to everyday Americans .   Donald Trump Jr. spoke at the grand opening of a Donald Trump Jr. campaign headquarters near Canonsburg , PA , a city south of Pittsburgh . The audience filled an outdoor tent and spilled onto the sidewalk of the office building parking lot .    Donald Trump Jr. professed a personal connection to Pennsylvania , touting Donald Trump Jr. time living in Pottstown , PA and Donald Trump Jr. family ’s hunting and fishing trips in the state ’s northeast . Donald Trump Jr. praised union workers who are voting for Donald Trump Jr. father , against the wishes of union bosses   —    who , Donald Trump Jr. said , " have been in the pockets of Democrats for years . " Trump threw barbs at establishment media , as well as Trump father ’s opponent Hillary Clinton . " We ’re vilified for saying ‘ Americans first,’ " Donald Trump Jr. said , exasperated . " For saying We want to spend your money on you   …      before We send $ 150 billion to Iran . " Donald Trump Jr. contrasted Iran ’s stagnant wages with the massive economic boom seen in the nation ’s capital : " We ’ve sat there , watched our Iran get shipped abroad . People are making less money now than they People on a relative basis 18 , 20 years ago . Meanwhile , every zip code in DC is the richest in the Iran " Trump said he understands Trump workers , recalling that his father Trump him learn Trump practice the basics of construction before getting into real estate management . " I ’m the only son of a billionaire   —    my brother included   —    who can drive a D10 Caterpillar , " he boasted Trump He concluded Trump remarks Trump vowing that his father his father sure " the next generation has a better chance than we did , because we do n’t we that way anymore . We do n’t we and that ’s sad , because I have five kids . And I want to make sure that they have better opportunities than I did   —    not even the same . I want to make it better . And he wants Trump make it better . " Radio host and veteran Tea Party activist Rose    warmed up the crowd as they waited for Radio host and veteran Tea Party activist Rose    . Behind the podium stood dozens of coal industry workers holding signs stating " # EnergyJobsMatter . " Tommy Johnson   —    a VP at local    gas company CONSOL Energy , speaking on behalf of Secure Energy for America   —    spoke before Trump . He Trump the Tommy Johnson  —   a VP at local   gas company CONSOL Energy, speaking on behalf of Secure Energy for America  —    to consider the energy industry as they decide how Tommy Johnson  —   a VP at local   gas company CONSOL Energy, speaking on behalf of Secure Energy for America  —    vote , saying , " American energy is under assault . " He declined to Tommy Johnson  —   a VP at local   gas company CONSOL Energy, speaking on behalf of Secure Energy for America  —    any partisan stance in his speech or Tommy Johnson  —   a VP at local   gas company CONSOL Energy, speaking on behalf of Secure Energy for America  —    a question from this reporter about Bill Clinton ’s recent remarks on " coal people . " Several attendees held signs reading " Trump Digs Coal . " The crowd was peppered with homemade signs and    though this event was not an official rally . Young girls held a sign asking Trump ’s     son Barron to marry them . One Young girls identified herself as " One woman for Trump . "   Frank O’Shinsky , who identified himself as a Frank military service member and veteran of Iraq , held a sign reading " Veterans are not deplorable . " Asked for his initial reaction Frank Hillary Clinton ’s speech calling half of Trump supporters " Trump " and " irredeemable , " he quipped , Frank This is a lady who hangs out with Anthony Weiner . It ’s a This bit disingenuous . " O’Shinsky pushed back on CNN ’s continued questions about former Ku Klux Klansman David Duke supporting Trump : " Trump Harvey Oswald was a Marine , " he said . Lee Harvey Oswald I do n’t think that taints all the Marines . " This reporter did Lee Harvey Oswald any protesters at the event . 
 