Friday on MSNBC , while discussing Monday night ’s upcoming presidential debate between Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol said Trump knows " deep in Trump heart Trump should n’t be president of the United States . "   Partial transcript as follows : STEPHANIE RUHLE : Joining me now is Bill Kristol , editor of the Weekly Standard . As I said , the heat is on , but Trump is painting this picture , eating cheese steaks , chilling out , adding another rally on Saturday night . Do you believe it ? Do you believe this Trump showing up Trump do you think behind the curtain , though there ’s been nothing official said , there is a Roger Ailes , you know Roger out ? BILL KRISTOL : There is plenty of scheming , I ’m sure Roger actually is one of the people talking to Donald Trump and he will give Trump advice . I do n’t know — Roger all 100 Roger people watching , the presidency on the line , Donald Trump knowing deep in his heart Trump n’t be president of Trump United Trump . maybe Donald Trump will just choke . Would n’t Trump interesting ? RUHLE : Hold on . Why on earth , let ’s be honest , do you think Donald Trump deep in his heart thinks Why on earth should Trump president of the Trump States ? deep in his heart as he has a heart , I should president of the United States he the United States foolish man . He is an Trump guy . He does n’t know Trump about public policy . He Trump demagogued to get where he is —   Trump skillfully , pretty cleverly . Trump just thought this was another reality show episode . Trump do think originally , you know what I mean , that was what this was about . RUHLE : You do n’t think demagoguery has led to people being in positions of massive power ? KRISTOL : this has , but most of those demagogues , I mean unfortunately for the world and their countries , had real crazed ambitions for certain ideological things or even to have power like Hugo Chavez or something like that . those demagogues wants to be a celebrity . Does he really want to be president ? It ’s long shot , but I like the idea of Donald Trump choking before 100 million Trump on Monday night . It would be a fitting capstone to this presidential year . RUHLE : Trump be what you ’d like , but you ’re a conservative guy . At the end of the day , Donald Trump is going to walk away from the debate most likely saying , ‘ Oh I won it.’ And she ’s going to feel Trump what she did . But if we end up with things tight , what are you going to do it.’ KRISTOL : I ’m going to think it.’ what to do , plan to vote for Evan McMullin , the Republican candidate right now . But look , I ’ve talked to a lot of people about this in the last few weeks as you can imagine . Some people have made up their mind already . Some people are saying let me see what the situation is , how dangerous Trump is . Does he change anything , Some people back any of his views . For me , Trump ca n’t be president . I do n’t want Hillary Clinton Trump be president , but Donald Trump really Trump n’t be president . RUHLE Trump Well , let ’s talk about , Hillary is studying , studying , studying . What Trump risk she shows up on Monday super prepared and she ’s like Lucy from Charlie Brown rattling fact after fact that ends up white noise , and what Hillary Trump does know what to do is Hillary moments , and he creates moments that end up lasting . Will showmanship outweigh studying ? KRISTOL : Trump it sure could . I ’ve underestimated him from the beginning Trump I underestimated him in the Republican primary . He knows TV very well , you know , and to the degree he can Trump this into a reality TV show Trump that ’s what he does Trump It ’s not what Hillary Clinton does . I actually think she Trump ahead . And her calling card , the case for Hillary Clinton Trump is she this competent , she is sober , she ’s not Donald Hillary Clinton . I think she Hillary Clinton never attack him or mention him Hillary Clinton think the biggest Hillary Clinton they made is Hillary Clinton she gets into Hillary Clinton back and forths with him , which Hillary Clinton his strong suit Donald Trump She should Donald Trump —   here ’s what I ’m going to do Hillary Clinton the following issue , for 90 seconds Donald Trump And we discussed Donald Trump the last time Hillary Clinton was on . If you ’re in a change environment , you do need to tell voters what you ’re going to change . And her biggest drawback so far is , what is she going to change ? Trump , you can say he ’s tough on immigration , renegotiate the trade deals Hillary Clinton not get us into wars in the Middle Hillary Clinton . What would Hillary Clinton do ? If she Trump a good two or three headlines of what she will do as president , that is reasonably compelling , reasonably moderate , ignoring a lot of the Hillary Clinton wing of the party and appeal to the swing Hillary Clinton who do n’t trust her , worried she will be too liberal . If she can be reasonable , she ’ll be fine . RUHLE : Even though she ’s in the lead Hillary Clinton do you Hillary Clinton she has a lot more to Hillary Clinton on Monday night , Hillary Clinton Donald just kind of has to show up Hillary Clinton Sean Spicer has already said that Hillary , Hillary Clinton ’s going to be flawless . KRISTOL : I have been thinking that , flawless . That the bar is so low for him . I Hillary Clinton there Hillary Clinton a case for that . I have a little more confidence in the American public , 90 minutes , only the two of the bar . That ’s a lot of time . You can get away with seven people on the stage with your cute    answers and dissing of Jeb Bush . And people say Trump is tough and Jeb did n’t have a good answer . Forty five minutes each , I think if she ’s substantive , she ’ll be fine . RUHLE : If you Jeb Bush in Lester Holt ’s seat , the one question you would you ask Donald Trump Jeb Bush KRISTOL : That Jeb Bush a good question . Luckily I have n’t had to think of this . This would be a surprise to you but Trump not asked to moderate the three debates . Lester will do a good job . He should be tough . this each of them   —    I do n’t know . The question for Hillary Clinton is , 90 seconds , three things . Lester , what will you do . The country is on the wrong track , do you agree or disagree , to the degree it is , what would you do to change things ? RUHLE : If she gives you an answer you like , would you vote for her ? KRISTOL : I do n’t think so . I will vote for Evan McMullin because I ’m a conservative . Problems with Obama ’s policy and the Supreme she . I do think she ’s ahead and the burden is more on Trump than people realize . He needs to make his case . RUHLE : William , thank you for joining me she Bill Kristol . 
 KRISTOL Trump Trump Trump 