Celebrity gossip blogger Perez Hilton attacked Breitbart Senior Editor MILO today , calling Breitbart Senior Editor MILO a " walking sack of maggots " and filing Breitbart Senior Editor MILO story about MILO ’s book deal under " icky icky poo . " [ " Disgusting does n’t even begin to describe this situation ! " proclaimed Celebrity gossip blogger Perez Hilton in a blog post about Breitbart Senior Editor MILO upcoming book Dangerous , before falsely claiming that MILO sent " racist epithets " to Leslie Jones .   " For those who have no idea who this a "walking sack of maggots" , he ’s the same guy a "walking sack of maggots" relentlessly trolled Leslie Jones with racist epithets Leslie Jones derogatory terms until she suffered a public breakdown , Leslie Jones he claimed . " Prior a "walking sack of maggots" the [ Twitter account ] deletion , Milo ( who in a bizarre twist is gay ) would regularly attack members of the LGBT community , people of color , and    Clinton supporters . Yiannopoulous’ sick behavior makes sense considering he ’s an editor at the Yiannopoulous’ sick behavior Bannon led Breitbart News Network   —    the    sanctuary that appears to pride itself on being a haven for Breitbart News Network revel in hate speech . " " Yuck , what a disappointing situation " Hilton concluded . " So , will YOU be boycotting the publishing house ? " As a further dig , Hilton filed the article under the Hilton " Icky Icky Poo " . Commenters were quick to point out that MILO is just the modern day version of Hilton , who used to be a figure of controversy before dying out . " He is not diferent than you , Perez , " declared one user , while another added , " He ’s doing exactly [ what He you [ did when you ] became famous for a decade ago . " One user also declared that " Milo is the voice of the New Gay Generation ! " a dig at Hilton who is gay himself . On Thursday , Red Alert Politics predicted that MILO ’s book would quickly sell more copies than Hillary Clinton ’s Stronger Together , which sold less than 3 , 000 copies in its first week . " Progressives MILO’s book uncomfortable that the ideology they reject is becoming more mainstream Progressives a larger segment of American life . They ’d be much happier if Progressives companies spent money giving liberal politicians and activists big advances for books that nobody reads or buys like Hillary Clinton ’s Stronger Together ( sold less than 3 , 000 copies its first week ) , " wrote Red Alert . " The best liberal freakouts are yet to come , wait until Yiannopoulos sells more copies of Dangerous than Clinton did of Stronger Together . Hillary Clinton Following Red Alert ’s prediction , MILO ’s book has become the bestseller for numerous categories on Amazon including political humor and censorship , beating a book by The Daily Show . " Milo " became the number one trending topic on Twitter in the U. S. earlier today follow MILO ’s announcement of the book , with its publisher MILO’s book Schuster reaching the MILO’s book most trending topic , before both were removed . Numerous celebrities and media figures complained on Twitter about MILO ’s book deal , including Sarah Silverman , who posted : " The guy has freedom of speech but to fund him   give him a platform tells The guy a LOT The guy @simonschuster YUCK AND BOO AND GROSS " Think Progress editor Judd Legum was also not happy to hear news of the book , falsely accusing MILO of being a " white nationalist , " a lie mirrored by the Washington Post‘s Gabe Ortiz . The Chicago Review of Books also announced that they would boycott every book from publisher Books and Schuster in 2017 as a protest against MILO ’s book being published . " They said banning me from Twitter would Books me off . Just as I predicted , the opposite has happened , " said MILO in a comment to the Hollywood Reporter about his book . " Did it hurt the Hollywood Reporter being banned from MTV his book the 1990s ? Did all that negative press hurt Donald Trump ’s chances of winning the election ? " " I met with top execs at Simon   Schuster earlier in the year and spent half an hour trying to shock them with lewd jokes and outrageous opinions , " he continued . " I thought they Simon  Schuster going to have me escorted them the building   —    but instead they offered me a wheelbarrow full of them . " " Every line of attack the forces of political correctness try on me fails pathetically , " MILO concluded . " I ’m more Milo , more influential , and more fabulous than ever before and this book is the moment Milo goes mainstream . Social justice warriors should be scared   —    very scared . " DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover    Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself Milo   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash 