Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton suffered another coughing fit on the campaign trail , immediately after Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton took the stage during a rally in Cleveland .   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been off the campaign trail for several days of rest , and the Labor Day rally with Tim Kaine was meant to mark Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton triumphant push across the finish line . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton immediately reached for a glass of water after taking the stage , coughing repeatedly . " Every time I think about Trump , I get allergic , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said , smiling weakly .   " Boywe have 63 days to go , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton choked , continuing to cough repeatedly . After pausing for several seconds and reaching for some sort of medication Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton struggled through another sentence as Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton running mate Tim Kaine stood up and sat down awkwardly . Later it appeared that Kaine brought her running mate Tim Kaine some paper towels . At one point , Kaine stood her running mate Tim Kaine to help choking Hillary Clinton and awkwardly sat down as aide brought her something Hillary Clinton . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) September 5 , 2016 ,   An aide also stood up to give her something Hillary Clinton assist her struggle Hillary Clinton her cough Hillary Clinton Clinton again Hillary Clinton to her " Hillary Clinton reaction " as she continued Hillary Clinton . With a hoarse voice , she continued Hillary Clinton struggle through her speech Hillary Clinton coughing repeatedly and trashing Donald Trump for not being suited to serve as commander in chief . An NBC reporter remarked that this coughing fit is " the worst one I can remember . " Not the first time this has happened but it ’s this worst one I can remember . HRC very slowly regaining her voice Hillary Clinton https :   .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) September 5 , 2016 , 
 