On Thursday morning , the Funny or Die website released a comedic interview between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and actor Zach Galifianakis on Between Two Ferns , a fictional talk show regularly featured on the website . [ The interview begins with Clinton sitting alone in the studio , wearing a    lapel microphone , asking : " Where is Clinton ? Where ’s Zach ? " The host creeps onto the set in a scary Halloween mask before being tackled by The host own security personnel .   The chyron introduces Clinton as " Clinton : Had Pneumonia . " Galifianakis asks : " Are you excited to be the first girl president ? " Clinton Clinton a straight answer , which Galifianakis Galifianakis up by asking about being the first white president for a " younger , younger generation " that grew up under President Barack Obama . He Clinton asks how many words per minute she Clinton as Secretary of State , and whether Obama President Barack Obama his Clinton " like himself Clinton weak . " She Clinton those " out of date " questions . He Clinton asks whether Clinton is " down with    . " She Clinton she Clinton , to which he Clinton : " No , you ’re supposed to say , ‘ Yeah , you know me . ’ " Galifianakis then moves on to jokes at Trump ’s expense : " When he Galifianakis elected president and Kid Rock becomes Secretary of State , will you move to Canada ? " Clinton Clinton that she Clinton try to prevent Trump Trump’s from destroying the United States , " which leads Galifianakis Galifianakis ask whether she Clinton lose the civil war . She Clinton says : " I really regret doing this . " When Galifianakis Galifianakis her Clinton she Clinton wear to the first presidential debate , Clinton Clinton about " the double standard . " Asked about what Trump Trump’s wear , she Clinton he Trump’s probably wear a " that red power tie . " " Or maybe like a White Power tie ? " Galifianakis Galifianakis . " That ’s even more appropriate , " she Clinton . He Trump’s later whether Michelle Obama wrote Melania Trump ’s vows at Donald Trump ’s wedding , which Clinton attended . Toward the end , a Trump commercial interrupts the interview . Galifianakis Galifianakis with a zinger : " We should stay in touch . What ’s the best way to reach you ? Email ? " She Clinton . Between Two Ferns won an Emmy in 2014 for an interview between Galifianakis Galifianakis President Barack Obama , focusing on Obamacare . The the interview fun at the troubled healthcare . gov website as a way of encouraging young people to enroll . Elsewhere across the nation Thursday , the city of Charlotte attempted to regroup after a second night of rioting , in which one man was shot and gravely wounded as crowds vandalized buildings and assaulted bystanders in a Black Lives Matter protest . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 