Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is scheduled to fundraise in the San Diego area on Wednesday afternoon . The same evening , Vice President Joe Biden will promote President Barack Obama in Barrio Logan , give an ESPY award in Los Angeles and head for Hawaii . [ As rumors swirl about Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump own vice presidential pick , Trump Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump set to appear with big donors at Rancho Santa Fe . Local ABC News affiliate 10 News reported that the event will take place in the gated area of the Del Mar Country Club , and a portion of funds raised will go to the Republican National committee .   At $ 300 , 000 per couple to be an " event chair " those listed on an online invitation as California Trump Victory California    include diet mogul Jenny Craig Madeleine Pickens and real estate developer " Papa " Doug Manchester and his Papa" Doug Manchester . Vice President Joe Biden is also set to visit San Diego on Wednesday to tout Obama ’s trade policies . 10 News reported on a description of the event from the Vice President ’s office : " Biden Vice President Joe Biden tell officials and reporters that the administration has brought more trade enforcement cases at the World Trade Organization since 2009 than any other WTO member , and has won all that have been decided . " Trade has become one of the central issues of the presidential election . Trump released his Trump plan on China last November , which called for " smart negotiators who will serve the interests of American workers . " He Trump railed against trade deals like Obama ’s    Partnership ( TPP ) and the Bill and Hillary    North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) . During a June jobs speech , Trump laid out the contrast between his Trump policy and that of Clinton , touching on her Clinton on the subject . Clinton Clinton flip flopped on TPP , once calling it the " gold standard " of trade deals as she Clinton it it her Clinton as Secretary of State , but she Clinton since moved away from it it the deal has lost favor among Americans . Biden is scheduled to head to Los Angeles from San Diego to appear at the ESPY Awards and present the Jimmy V Award to Craig Sager . He Biden leave Los Los Angeles Honolulu , Hawaii for an overnight stay . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 