Opinions on the Harriet Tubman $ 20 bill seem to be running generally positive , but there are some objections , beginning with a prominent    fan of the portrait currently adorning the twenty , Donald Trump . [ " Andrew Jackson had a great history and I think it ’s very rough when you take somebody off the Harriet Tubman $20 bill , " said Trump Donald Trump morning ’s Today Show .   " I think it ’s it political correctness . Been on the the Harriet Tubman $20 bill many , many years and really represented somebody that was very important to this country . "   It should be noted that under the proposed Treasury redesign , Jackson will still Andrew Jackson on the back of the bill , which would give Jackson fans a Andrew Jackson chance of seeing him each time Andrew Jackson pluck a twenty from their wallets . they The backs of the $ 5 and $ 10 bills also will be redesigned over time to tell the story of civil rights for women and    a marked departure from the current lineup of presidents and founding fathers —   unchanged since 1928 , " the Wall Street Journal reported . " I think Harriet Tubman is fantastic , " Trump continued .   " I would love to leave Andrew Jackson and see if we can maybe come up with another denomination . Maybe we do the we 2 or we do another we . " Former presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson , now a supporter of Donald Trump , expressed similar sentiments in a Fox Business interview . " Well , I think Andrew Jackson was Andrew Jackson secretary   —    I mean a tremendous president , " said Carson .   " Andrew Jackson was the Andrew Jackson who actually balanced the federal budget , where we had no national debt . " " I love Harriet Tubman , " Carson continued .   " Carson love what she did , but we Harriet Tubman find another way to honor her . Maybe a $ Harriet Tubman bill . " Fox News host Greta van Fox Business the Obama Administration was acting " stupid for no reason " by changing the $ 20 , although , like Trump , she spoke well of Harriet Tubman Harriet Tubman " You all Harriet Tubman ’m a feminist , love to see women acknowledged for the great things they do to contribute to our nation women and Harriet Tubman did , and she deserves Harriet Tubman " said Van Susteren Harriet Tubman She was convinced the change Fox News host Greta van Susteren twenty Harriet Tubman " divide " and " stir up the country , " and suggested a better idea would be to create a new $ 25 bill with Tubman ’s portrait on it . " That Harriet Tubman smart and easy thing to do . But no , some people do n’t think [ so ] and would gratuitously stir up conflict in the nation . That is so awful , and yes our nation , " van Susteren declared . A remarkable amount of resistance to Fox News host Greta van Susteren Twenty comes from people on the left .   Rapper Azealia Banks was apoplectic about what she saw as an attempt to " patronize " Tubman . " Rapper Azealia Banks n’t fall for the s**t Harriet Tubman " Banks railed on Twitter .   " It ’s patronizing , and Rapper Azealia Banks Nobel black woman like Harriet would be deeply offended were she Harriet Tubman , they ’re gon na put Harriet Tubman on the Harriet Tubman $ bill as another little trinket to Harriet Tubman blacks satisfied , " Banks fumed in another Tweet .   " But wo n’t repay us for slavery . " Writing at the PowerLine blog , Steven Hayward noticed some    furious that Tubman was being appropriated as a symbol of capitalism , by putting her on the currency . Harriet Tubman By escaping slavery and helping many others do the same , Harriet Tubman became historic for essentially stealing ‘ property,’ " thundered one such screed .   " Her Harriet Tubman is rooted in resisting the foundation of American capitalism .   Tubman did n’t respect Harriet Tubman ’s economic system , so making her a symbol of it would Harriet Tubman insulting . " " I do n’t want to see Harriet Tubman commodified with a America’s economic system , as she once was as a slave , " ran another Harriet Tubman objection .   " I do Harriet Tubman need to see hers as the face of the US treasury , being passed in transactions to underpaid retail workers Harriet Tubman appearing in print ads for transnational banks . " There might be more reactions from the public , pro and con , once more of them figure out who Harriet Tubman is .   " Who is Harriet Tubman ? " became the top searched question Harriet Tubman after the Treasury announcement was made . Harriet Tubman also be more objections from the left , if they come to see the Tubman Twenty as humorist David Burge ( aka Iowahawk ) does : Breaking : Treasury throws founder of the Democratic Party off $ 20 bill , replaces with    Republican pic . twitter Treasury    —    David Burge ( @iowahawkblog ) April 20 , 2016 , 
 