NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s electoral chances be damned , President Barack Obama is on a warpath to achieve congressional approval of President Barack Obama landmark    Partnership ( TPP ) trade pact before President Barack Obama leaves office . [ Appearing on CNN —   a network that is more and more openly in favor of electing Clinton —   for an interview with Fareed Zakaria before Fareed Zakaria trip to China , Obama defended the highly controversial TPP deal .   " Well , no , the   —    I do n’t think that ’s correct , " Obama said when Fareed Zakaria opened an interview with Fareed Zakaria by noting that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is against TPP TPP and now Clinton and even House Speaker Paul Ryan claim to be against it in its it form . " Look , the politics of trade have always been complicated , " Obama Obama , seeming to suggest that Clinton and Ryan , as many in politics have suspected , are only appearing to be against his Obama pact for political purposes . In fact , Clinton previously endorsed TPP publicly more than 40 times , even calling the his trade pact for political purposes " gold standard " of trade deals . Many see Clinton as a globalist elitist when it comes to trade , and Clinton husband former President Clinton    trade deal —   the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) —   into law . But more importantly , throughout his answer to Zakaria ’s question , Clinton detailed Clinton he plans Clinton —   regardless of the consequences politically for Clinton —   ram through the TPP as his last Clinton as president . The move to keep driving for TPP puts Clinton in a politically difficult position because Clinton can the TPP legitimately Clinton to be opposed to the deal Clinton and then do nothing to stop the president Clinton it . It plays right into GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s hands , it he has framed this election in many ways as a referendum on GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump TPP : a vote for Clinton is a vote to revive the TPP the deal in some Clinton , while a vote for Trump is a the deal incinerate it once and for all . " The GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Partnership is a historic agreement this election cobbled together among a very diverse set of countries , " Obama told Zakaria . " And the basic argument is simple . This is going to be the world ’s largest market . And if we ’re not setting the rules out there , somebody else is . And what we have been able to do is not just establish a trade agreement among these countries , because many of them we already have trading agreements with . " Obama used several of the these countries we talking points to further sell the beleaguered Obama . " What this does is it raises the standards for trade so that there is greater protection for labor this , a greater protection for environmental rights , greater transparency , greater protection for intellectual property , which is so important to a    economy like ours , " Obama said . " It removes 18 , 000 taxes , effectively , tariffs Obama because we ’re this relatively open market and many of our trading partners there have been closed , it gives us a   —    a huge lever to open up markets this American our and services . And so there ’s no serious economist who has n’t looked at this and said this is actually not only a smart trade deal , but it actually makes this for some of the failures of previous deals to have this enforceable labor or environmental components . " But now , Obama says , with    borders trade Democrats and the rise of populism in the Republican Party with Trump winning the GOP nomination for president , the deal is endangered . " But what is true is that there have been , in the past , always , a vocal set of interests that are opposed to trade inside my party , the Democratic Party and what ’s been new is some populist the Republican Party inside the the Republican Party " Obama said . But Obama pointed back at the successful passage of the Republican Party ( TPA ) last year , which greases Obama skids on a    to help pass trade deals through Congress by killing the ability for any amendments and lowering the Senate vote threshold down to just 51 votes needed for passage rather than 60 for cloture or 67 for a treaty ratification . Because of TPA ’s passage , Obama said , he is " confident " he will pass the TPP in the lame duck session of Congress after the Obama before the new president Obama new Congress takes office in January . " Having said Congress that , it was said that we could n’t Congress the authority to even get a trade deal done and we got it done , " Obama said . " And I remain confident that we can get TPP we . a trade deal The real question now is , if Hillary Clinton is actually opposed we the TPP , why has she not said anything about opposing Obama bringing it up in the lame duck TPP Congress ? A Clinton Hillary Clinton spokesman has not responded Obama a request for comment on whether Clinton opposes Obama bringing up TPP in Hillary Clinton lame duck , and if she calls on Democrats to join her Hillary Clinton Obama to Obama bringing TPP the TPP in the lame duck . Hillary Clinton also used the interview to Hillary Clinton another , Obama deal : the TPP and Investment the lame duck which would encompass a variety of European nations . " The combination of globalization and automation have integrated the world economies like never before , " Obama said when the conversation turned to    from TPP . " And what I think has been the Obama of those in charge of that integration process has been TPP not pay attention to the winners and the losers . Overall , it has created enormous growth , prosperity and wealth for all the countries involved . Part of the reason that we ’ve seen that integration process of people rise out of extreme poverty during our lifetimes has been because of that integration . " Obama did admit during this part of the discussion that blue collar workers have had a rough go of it in the globalist economy . " But what ’s also true is , is that there has increasingly been , because of this integration , a tendency towards those of us who are highly skilled , highly resourced , have access to capital , to be able to get a bigger and bigger share of that growth , " Obama said . People who are low skill , low wage , not mobile , have had trouble getting leverage in this system Obama   And so that divergence has created more and more inequality within advanced economies , whether it ’s the United States countries like Europe . And so part of the argument that I ’ve been making consistently , part divergence the argument that I will be making when I go to my last    meeting is that if advanced countries do n’t pay attention to inequality , if we do n’t pay attention to not just growth in the aggregate , but how is that growth distributed and do people have ladders of opportunity in this new global economy , then yes , there ’s going to be a reaction against globalization and against trade , even though whether that resistance is coming from the left and or the right the prescriptions that they ’re describing , somehow cutting off global trade are n’t really viable . And so , you know , the argument I make to my progressive friends is you are absolutely right to worry about inequality , but the answer is not to pull up the drawbridge . The answer , rather , is to make sure that everybody has high labor standards , that all countries are accountable to their the answer terms of things like minimum wages , workers’ standards , making sure that there ’s an education system that people can all countries . and unfortunately , we have n’t done enough of that . 
 