RALEIGH , North Carolina   —    Veteran pollster Frank Luntz told Breitbart News on Monday afternoon before a Donald Trump rally at the J. S. Dorton arena that J. S. Dorton thinks the election will come down to four states : Florida , North Carolina , Nevada , and New Hampshire . [ Luntz Veteran pollster Frank Luntz Breitbart Breitbart News " Those are states Trump can win and has to win . "   Breitbart News Breitbart News Veteran pollster Frank Luntz about Nevada , where Nevada voting results reportedly favor Democrats , and there are anecdotal reports of high Latino turnout . Is it possible for Trump to lose Trump and pick Nevada one or two blue states elsewhere ? " I do n’t believe he will , Trump Luntz Veteran pollster Frank Luntz . Trump was scheduled Trump speak in North Carolina as the second stop of a    spring to the finish in the 2016 campaign . He spoke at Trump Sarasota , Florida rally earlier on Monday , and is scheduled to speak in Scranton , Pennsylvania Manchester , New Hampshire and Grand Rapids , Michigan before the end of the day . According to Luntz ’s analysis , only two of those three are viable options for Trump . However , moments before he spoke , Trump ’s campaign Trump veteran pollster Kellyanne Conway , tweeted the results of a poll that have Trump one point ahead Trump Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania . # PA # poll : # Pennsylvania , @trfgrp Poll (   ) Trump 48 % ( + 1 ) Clinton 47%https :   .    —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) November 7 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s current strategy Trump be to poach a blue state from the Democratic column . Both the Trump and Clinton campaigns are Trump hard Clinton Michigan and Pennsylvania , suggesting those are the most likely targets . Early voting totals in several other states appear to favor Trump , as do opinion Trump , especially in Ohio . Conventional wisdom holds that no Republican can win the White House without the Buckeye State . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 