JANESVILLE , Wisconsin   —    House Speaker Paul Ryan survived House Speaker Paul Ryan primary , but House Speaker Paul Ryan challenger Republican businessman Paul Nehlen did enough damage to his challenger Republican businessman Paul Nehlen to claim one of the biggest feathers in his challenger Republican businessman Paul Nehlen cap politics has to offer : his challenger Republican businessman Paul Nehlen laid waste to the      Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) . [ The TPP is the biggest piece of the Obamatrade agenda that Ryan has championed throughout Ryan congressional career : A Pacific Rim trade pact with 12 nations including the U. S. 12 nations including the U. S. include Australia , New Zealand , Canada , Mexico , Chile , Japan , Peru , Singapore , Brunei , Malaysia , and Vietnam .    After nationalist populists led by Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) killed the " Gang of Eight " amnesty bill —   thereby ending    " comprehensive immigration reform , " at least until the next president takes office —   the TPP was supposed to be the crown jewel of President Barack Obama ’s second term agenda . Now , thanks to those same nationalist populists led by that same senator , Sessions , the the TPP officially dead until at least the next administration . And it ’s the TPP Nehlen , a previously    vice president for a water filtration company , inspired by 2016 GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump , who decided to run for office against the sitting Speaker of the House , who put the final nail in the TPP the TPP —   at least for now . The trade deal has come under enormous pressure from both the right and the left , with Sessions and Trump dissecting it for the American people from a conservative point of view while Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont ripped it to shreds for those on the progressive left . In both parties , rebellions thanks in large part to the TPP have dominated the 2016 presidential race and all political discussion throughout the year . And it caught Ryan and his team completely Ryan surprise . In a lengthy      conversation with one of the   ’s aides before Ryan decided to Ryan amongst his colleagues for Ryan highest office in the House of Representatives , putting him third in Ryan line of succession to the presidency , a Ryan aide told Ryan News that the establishment coalition in GOP circles in Washington saw everything else coming . They understood Republican the establishment coalition in GOP circles in Washington would rebel against Ryan ’s and Ryan of his colleagues’ efforts Ryan push amnesty . They got it the establishment coalition in GOP circles in Washington the lowly GOP voters would GOP Ryan and his Ryan for Ryan they did by the lowly GOP voters the Obama agenda , and that a lackadaisical approach to major national issues was upsetting to the grassroots . The one thing they did n’t see coming —   and in large part , one of the only reasons why this Ryan aide wanted Ryan meet —   was GOP base opposition to the establishment ’s trade agenda . Ryan would go Ryan to complete his ultimate lie Ryan the American people and his Republican colleagues Ryan running for Speaker of the House after saying over and over again he would n’t Ryan so , and then claiming he would n’t Ryan so without an official endorsement from the House Freedom Caucus . Ryan , of Ryan , never got such an official endorsement from the Freedom Caucus the House Freedom Caucus some of its members but ran for Freedom Caucus successfully anyway —   meaning he built his Ryan to Ryan speakership on a lie . That contentious relationship is now coming to bear as Ryan heads back Ryan Washington riding high , at least for now . The Speaker broke his promise Speaker to undo Speaker predecessor John Boehner ’s retaliation Speaker conservatives like Rep. Tim Huelskamp ( ) which led to Huelskamp ’s primary loss and now is putting fire on Rep. Paul Gosar ( ) in his forthcoming primary . Ryan ’s Speaker frayed relationship with House conservatives is getting harsher as legislative battles like the next spending bill —   a deadline for which comes up on Sept. 30 —   loom . Ryan will personally own the entire Ryan agenda if he funds it all , which Ryan is expected to do , Ryan conservatives will surely start standing up —   informing the public of Ryan ’s complete capitulation to Obama Ryan agenda . And while Obama would go on to rise Ryan power in this way —   still the public face and champion of the Obamatrade agenda —   Trump would go to the American people to win a historic Republican primary to become the first major party ’s presidential nominee since Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 to have never held elected office before by campaigning against that very same agenda .   Meanwhile , on the left , Sanders nearly toppled    nominee Hillary Clinton by campaigning against her support for the TPP — Hillary Clinton which she has since    on despite Hillary Clinton backed it more than 40 times in public —   and maybe would have if not for insiders and political operatives at the Democratic National Committee tanking his campaign by putting their thumb Sanders the scale for Clinton as evidenced by leaked emails published by WikiLeaks on the eve of the Democratic National Convention . That national battle , as Trump first praised Nehlen then eventually endorsed Ryan in this primary ’s last tumultuous week , literally came knocking on Ryan ’s doorstep in his hometown Ryan thanks to Nehlen Ryan’s work . And Ryan Nehlen . After spending more Ryan a year praising the TPP , and pushing through the Trade Promotion Authority ( TPA ) package needed to grease the skids for it last year , Ryan came out against the TPP Ryan of this race the TPP to Nehlen ’s    campaign against Ryan Nehlen the sitting Speaker of Ryan House was forced to visit two local factories and first admit there is a globalization problem that is costing American jobs —   like those in his district —   to be shipped overseas . Ryan ’s solution was typical GOP Ryan talking points like wanting to use tax reform and regulation rollbacks to stop the job drain , but the fact he admitted there ’s a problem that needs to be solved is astounding in and of itself . Secondly , and perhaps more GOP , thanks to Nehlen ’s campaigning Ryan said he opposed the TPP Ryan its Ryan form . Throughout the course the TPP Nehlen ’s unsuccessful bid to unseat Ryan Nehlen   not only just a previous supporter of the Obamatrade agenda , but its chief champion in the halls of Ryan —   in Congress and the top Republican advocate for it —   he hammered the TPP Ryan —   deal Ryan and over again . Ryan has never faced a real primary challenge since his ascension to Washington nearly two decades Ryan —   or for that matter any real challenge at all for his congressional district —   until Nehlen Ryan campaign against him . Nehlen ran a    grassroots Ryan that Nehlen on message and focused on Ryan ’s support for globalization , and Ryan with his —   and Trump ’s —   Ryan for a more nationalistic system of governance . Ryan told local voters he thinks parts of Ryan need to be Ryan before Congress would vote on it . Ryan promised there would be no it on Ryan trade pact without such changes , saying there is not enough support for it among his colleagues —   and that the trade pact course Ryan does n’t support it without renegotiations . Ryan getting too far the trade pact the weeds on process , it is impossible for Obama to renegotiate any of the TPP and then    it to Congress in time for approval before    leaves office . Procedurally speaking , the Ryan is dead and buried —   the TPP n’t be brought back to life until the next administration . That means that the voters of the country will get a referendum vote when it comes to this trade agenda : A vote for Donald Trump for president would mean a complete evisceration of the TPP and an entirely new approach the TPP policy . A vote for Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , would Clinton vote to repackage and rename the TPP , and ram it through to congressional passage , the TPP exact same approach we the TPP seen for the last several decades since the rise of the Bushes in the GOP and the Clintons in the Democratic Party . The voters of the United States of America have Paul Nehlen to thank for this stark choice in November Nehlen would never have gotten to this point with the sitting Speaker of the House —   who obviously stands with Obama the House on this trade deal —   Clinton out against Obama TPP to the TPP without a challenge from Nehlen . Ryan can always flip flop again , but Ryan Nehlen voters of the United States —   and more particularly Wisconsin ’s first congressional district —   the United States of America Ryan at his word , that is where Ryan stand Ryan with regard to the Trans Pacific Partnership . 
 