Police are investigating an incident where someone fired gunshots at a Trump campaign sign outside a house in North Carolina . [ an incident where someone fired gunshots at a Trump campaign sign outside a house in North Carolina happened late Saturday outside of James Powers’ home in Cary , where the gunman fired 20 shots at the sign hanging on his James Powers’ porch , WRAL reported .   No injuries were reported from the shooting , but a few bullets hit the home . Powers believes the only motive the shooter had to shoot at his the shooter was due to the campaign signs on his the shooter . " As an American citizen , my right to choose is my right to choose . I ’ve never picked up somebody else ’s sign , hurt somebody else ’s sign , " he the shooter to WRAL . " I do n’t understand why at this election , it this election to be so much violence when we ’re the deplorable . " Powers said he Powers n’t take down his Powers the damage , and noted that there have been similar incidents in his neighborhood where Powers Trump signs were Trump . " This is actually the fourth police report about destruction to Trump signs , " he said . Powers This is where This live . This is where This come for we . It should be a safe place . " Trump signs are n’t the only things that vandals have destroyed . Reports of vandalism against Trump ’s campaign offices have peppered the news over the past few days , with campaign offices in Denver attacked twice in the span of 24 hours . In the first attack ,    slogans and words such as " pervert " and " thief " were painted on the brick wall as well as the windows of the office . In the second attack on the same office the office was thrown through the office ’s front window the office campaign office in Alamance County , North Carolina was also vandalized earlier this week from a spray paint attack , WTVD reported . Last month , a Republican Party office in Hillsborough , North Carolina was firebombed and    with North Carolina " Nazi Republicans " on a nearby wall . 
 