Over the weekend    candidate Tim Kaine told a roomful of LGBT activists that the Catholic Church ’s traditional opposition to    marriage would change because God approves of homosexuality . [ The Virginia senator , who describes himself as a " traditional Catholic , " spoke at the national dinner of the Human Rights Campaign on Saturday , assuring the national dinner of the Human Rights Campaign of himself " full complete , unconditional support for marriage equality . "   While acknowledging that himself position on gay marriage " is at odds with the current doctrine of the church that I still attend , " himself went on to say , " But I think that ’s going to change , too . I think that is going to change . " Playing the armchair theologian , himself said that himself support of homosexuality is rooted in the teaching of the Bible , and specifically the Book of Genesis . " I think it ’s going to change because my church also teaches me about a Creator , in the first chapter of Genesis , who surveys the entire world , including mankind , and says : It is very good . It is very good , " Kaine said , in an apparent reference to God ’s alleged nod of approval for homosexual practice . Kaine then suggested that opposition to gay marriage means to " challenge God . " " I want to add : ‘ who am I to challenge God for the beautiful diversity of the human family?’ I think we ’re supposed to celebrate it , not challenge it , " Kaine said .    marriage is not the only issue where Kaine parts ways with the Catholic Church . Kaine has called Kaine " a strong supporter of Roe v. Wade , " and Kaine perfect    voting record in Congress earned Kaine a 100 % rating from abortion giant Planned Parenthood and high praise from the National Abortion Rights Action League ( NARAL ) . While the abortion lobby has showered Kaine with praise , several U. S. Catholic bishops have challenged Kaine ’s claim to being a faithful Catholic by citing Kaine open dissent from essential moral teachings of the Church . In a Facebook post titled " VP Pick , Tim Kaine , a Catholic ? " Bishop Thomas J. Tobin of Providence noted that Kaine " has been widely identified as a Roman Catholic " while at the same time " Bishop Thomas J. Tobin of Providence publicly supports ‘ freedom of choice’ for abortion ,    marriage , gay adoptions , and the ordination of women as priests . " " All of these positions are clearly contrary to    Catholic teachings all of these positions have been opposed by Pope Francis as well , " Tobin wrote , dashing the left ’s spurious claim that Kaine is some kind of " Pope Francis Catholic . " " Kaine has said , ‘ My faith is central to everything I do.’ But apparently , and unfortunately , his My faith n’t central to his Kaine , political life , " Tobin Tobin . Similarly , in a recent column , Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput also took issue with Kaine , Kaine well as with the sitting Vice President , Joe Biden , the two most visible Catholics in American politics . These two " prominent Catholics , " the Archbishop said Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput both seem to publicly ignore or invent the content of their Catholic faith as both go along . both Anyone who claims the Catholic label while not actually believing what the Catholic faith holds to be true and letting it guide their thoughts the Catholic faith actions " is simply fooling himself or herself   —    and even more importantly , misleading others , " he added . Before himself Kaine Saturday night , Human Rights Campaign ’s president Chad Griffin called Republican nominee Donald Trump the " gravest threat " the LGBTQ community has ever faced in a presidential election . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 