A confident Donald Trump will make just one more appearance before New York ’s GOP presidential primary . A confident Donald Trump ’ll be in Buffalo , New York’s Monday evening . [ The Real Clear Politics average of polls gives A confident Donald Trump a 53 percent to 23 percent lead in the Empire State over A confident Donald Trump nearest rival , Gov. John Kasich .   Trump is expecting a resounding win in his Trump state to help him Trump the momentum he Trump before his Trump loss to Sen. Ted Cruz in the Wisconsin primary two weeks ago . Though neither Kasich nor Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz their neither Kasich nor Cruz states with more than 50 percent of the vote , ( Kasich Kasich 47 percent in Ohio and Cruz had 44 percent in Texas ) the New York State Republican Party delegate selection rules have given Trump a much higher margin to hit if he Trump to walk away with the kind of resounding victory he Trump . In order to obtain all 14 of the statewide delegates available ( out of a total of 95 up for grabs Tuesday ) Trump Trump win at least 50 percent of the vote statewide . Should he Trump below 50 percent statewide , he Trump receive a proportion of the 14 statewide delegates , shared with any of his Trump who exceed the 20 percent statewide threshold . In the event Trump Trump the 50 percent statewide hurdle , however , he Trump 27 additional hurdles in his Trump . Three delegates will be allocated in each of the state ’s 27 Congressional Districts ( for a total of 81 ) on the same 50 percent majority winner    basis . In any district in which Trump Trump less than 50 percent , he Trump receive only two , rather than three , delegates if he Trump with a plurality . The second place finisher would receive one delegate ( provided he Trump the 20 percent threshold ) . Should Trump Trump below 50 percent in as few as a dozen of the Trump 27 Congressional Districts , Trump would Trump up 83 of the state ’s 95 delegates . Trump ’s Trump suggested it would pick Trump’s campaign 90 delegates . In the first four days after Wisconsin , he made only Trump appearance , on Long Island . Since then , he picked up Trump pace , even adding two stops over the weekend at Plattsburgh and Watertown in the state ’s northernmost 21st Congressional District . Trump ’s decision not to make a campaign stop during the two weeks after the Wisconsin loss in Wisconsin 23rd Congressional District ( a string of rural counties and small cities known as " the Southern Tier " extending from Jamestown in the southwestern corner of the state to Elmira in the south central part of the state ) the state gap in an otherwise aggressive plan of statewide appearances . He also has not appeared in Binghamton , the largest city in the adjacent 22nd Congressional District , where Sen. Ted Cruz stopped on Friday . Trump ’s schedule was open prior to his 7 pm rally Trump Buffalo Monday night . Binghamton and the small Binghamton of the 23rd Congressional District are on the way to Buffalo from New York Buffalo . The Trump campaign appears confident Trump their candidate does not The Trump campaign to make an appearance in every Congressional District in the state in order to secure the resounding victory he needs to regain their candidate " winner " momentum that propelled him to front runner their candidate . 
 