African American Democrats thundered against Donald Trump ’s appeal to African American Democrats communities , condemning the candidate as a racist , sexist , bigot who did n’t care about black people   —    despite the candidate assurance that as president the candidate would care for the black communities . [ Rep. Marcia Fudge ( ) asserted that there were no people of color at Donald Trump ’s recent campaign rallies , during a conference call organized by the Hillary Clinton campaign on Tuesday .   " I resent very much that [Rep. Marcia Fudge ( ) would go and say that [Rep. Marcia Fudge ( ) is talking about people of color in an environment where there were no people of color , " Hillary Clinton said . Fudge described the Trump campaign as " a bad episode of Seinfeld " that began as a " campaign about nothing " but had became a " campaign of hate . " New York City Public Advocate Leticia James asserted on the call that even though Trump appeared to be speaking to    New York City Public Advocate Leticia James actually was sending a more subversive message . " Trump was n’t speaking to the    community , he Trump speaking to the    fringe and he Trump basically perpetuating stereotypes , " New York City Public Advocate Leticia James said , criticizing Trump Trump throwing out " buzzwords " like " war zones and unemployment . " Trump Trump the the   community vote for him Trump recent rallies , arguing that Democrats like Hillary Clinton had n’t actually improved their lives . Democrats like Hillary Clinton Look at how much African American communities are suffering from Democratic control , " Trump Trump during a rally in Michigan . " To those I say the following : What do you have to lose by trying something new like Trump Trump What do you have to lose ? You live in your poverty , your schools are no good , you have no jobs , 58 percent of your youth is unemployed . What the hell do you have to lose ? " Rep. G. K. Butterfield ( D   —    NC ) the Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus , condemned Trump Trump " ignoring our community , " asserting that his words were Rep. G. K. Butterfield (D  —   NC) the Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus an absolute insult . " He also argued Rep. G. K. Butterfield (D  —   NC) the Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus if Trump Trump about black people he Trump would not dismiss those in Black Lives Matter , " Rep. Yvette Clarke ( ) accused Trump Trump making it harder for black Americans to find housing or employment in his real estate Rep. G. K. Butterfield (D  —   NC) the Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus . " We reject his overtures . Rep. G. K. Butterfield (D  —   NC) the Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus little too late , " she said . Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) accused Trump of his " perpetual Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) lies " throughout his career , Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) pointing to the Republican presidential nominee challenging President Barack Obama to answer questions about his birth certificate Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) Trump , Meeks asserted , Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) " shown himself to be Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) of the most racist , sexist and bigoted candidates to try to become president in modern history . " He informed reporters Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) Donald Trump turned Trump to speak to African Americans at the NAACP and the Urban League conventions . " Clearly he does n’t Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) to talk to the black community , he wants to Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) at the black community , the black community . Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) 