Pope Francis honored American actors George Clooney and Richard Gere and actress Salma Hayek on Sunday , awarding American actors George Clooney and Richard Gere and actress Salma Hayek the " Olive Medal " for peace at a Vatican event . [ a Vatican event was organized to promote the work of a foundation called Scholas Occurrentes ( schools of encounter ) which George Clooney praised as " a wonderful program " that enables " many different religions to speak of inclusion , because we know that hatred and fundamentalist attitudes are learned and inculcated . "   It was n’t clear from reports what the celebrities had actually done to merit the medals , although George Clooney is well known as a liberal activist and successful fundraiser for the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign , with attendees paying as much as $ 353 , 400 per person at a recent event held at the actor ’s home . According to its website , the actor is an International Organization founded in 2013 and operating under the auspices of the Vatican , which " connects technology with arts and sports in order to promote social integration and the culture of encounter for peace . " In recent months Clooney has come under attack for criticizing Europe for not taking in more Syrian refugees , while insisting on absolute isolation in his $ 100 million palatial estate on Lake Cuomo . Conservative commentator Alex Jones recently laid into Clooney as " Clooney of the biggest fake , liberal ,    of all time " for his visceral attacks Conservative commentator Alex Jones Donald Trump , fawning support of Hillary Clinton , and hypocrisy for scolding the West for not taking in more Syrian refugees while not lifting a finger to help . In his critique , Conservative commentator Alex Jones includes a Conservative commentator Alex Jones from Paul Joseph Watson with more than 5 million views , which further excoriates the actor for his alleged double Paul Joseph Watson and moral   . The critique notes that the actor owns the actor , three of which are in Europe , and that he just bought another the actor Britain for 10 million pounds sterling . He further noted that the actor villa has eight empty bedrooms , and yet the actor is n’t the actor in migrants .   In his words to the celebrities the actor Pope Francis told them : the actor have a the celebrities responsibility , you have to help the world recover the language of gestures . " Pope Francis is well known for the actor of " a poor Church the actor a Church for the poor . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter 
 