NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Thousands of progressive protesters intend to swarm New York City tonight to protest 2016 GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump , but the frontrunner says the frontrunner is n’t worried . [ In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News on Thursday afternoon , the frontrunner said the frontrunner ’s " greatly honored " Thousands of progressive protesters ’re targeting the frontrunner as the frontrunner thinks that ’s proof the frontrunner ’s the only Republican who can win the general election .   " It ’s Hillary and Bernie teaming up because the last person Hillary and Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump , " Trump told Breitbart News . " Hillary and Bernie ’re desperate because Hillary and Bernie do n’t want to make America great again , " Trump added . " Hillary and Bernie are desperate because Hillary and Bernie want to do the exact opposite of what I want to do . Hillary and Bernie do not want to make America great again . Many of Hillary and Bernie are n’t protesters , they protesters agitators . Many of these Hillary and Bernie paid to be there . These are in some cases professionals . It ’s fine with me . " Trump also Trump he ’s Trump greatly honored " the protesters are forming a coalition of labor unions fighting for a $ 15 minimum wage , Black Lives Matter , and an amalgamation of other progressives united to stop Trump . Trump protesters , which have already been active all day , will converge on the Grand Hyatt in Midtown Manhattan to protest Trump . Trump I ’m greatly honored , " Trump said Trump " I ’m greatly honored . The last person they want running is Donald Trump Trump know I they going to win . I ’m greatly honored ’m all of the paid protesters and all of the professional agitators that will be there . " Trump added that Trump believes this Trump proof the progressives are n’t worried about Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) because ultimately they think Cruz the progressives easy Sen. Ted Cruz beat in the general election with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Cruz and Ohio Sen. Ted Cruz John Kasich are also speaking at the gala at the Grand Hyatt , but the protesters intend to focus on Trump . " They do n’t the protesters about Cruz because Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz lose Sen. Ted Cruz badly it will be the greatest defeat in the history of politics , " Trump said . Trump They only worry the protesters me because I Trump the only one that ’s going to beat her , and Trump ’ll beat her easily . Trump Trump considers , Trump he told Breitbart Trump , these " professional agitators " as he calls them Trump be the protesters " tremendous problems " for    people across the United States . The people that are coming in —   like Bill Ayers , Ayers was in Bill Ayers , okay ? " Trump said , Trump protests in Chicago that shut Chicago his planned speech Trump . " These are professionals —   these are people These come in and make disturbance and they ’re causing These problems for wonderful people who just want to Make America Great Again the United States They are , in many cases , they come from They on the Democratic side . From Hillary and from Bernie because the last person that Hillary wants to Hillary against is Donald Trump . Believe me . I know people in her campaign . Hillary want to tell you —   she does not Hillary any part of me . You see what I ’ve done to everybody else . There were 17 , we started off with 17 . Now we ’re down we the leftovers . Trump said the Donald Trump why Democrats are worried about him in a Donald Trump election —   and the reason why they ’re organizing Democrats him like this Donald Trump   is because he will win Donald Trump whole bunch of crossover voters . " They ’re worried Democrats the Democrats are all going to cross over to vote for me , " Donald Trump said . Donald Trump ’s not reflected in the polls because the polls do the polls into account —   they ’re worried because the polls the Democrats , if you look at these states that have crossover , I was getting 20 to 25 percent of Democrats voting for me . Look Donald Trump what the Democrats are doing all the Democrats ’re trying to make all the Democrats disturbance because they ’re worried that if all the Democrats get the nomination , many Democrats are going to come over —   and I get most of the independents . And you know what ? There ’s also a lot of people who have never voted before . I ’ll tell you , I ’m in line signing autographs and taking pictures and meeting people by the thousands . I ’ll tell you every time , it ’s like 10 people every event that come up to me and say , ‘ Mr. Trump , I ’ve never voted before.’ You know , like     people that have never voted before but they have a Trump shirt people that have never voted before and everything else . If the Republicans play games and the Republicans are foolish and the Republicans around and do something the Republicans , very foolish , they will lose these people . the Republicans we people that have never voted before . The biggest story in politics is millions and millions of people are voting for me . 
 