On Tuesday ’s broadcast of Hugh Hewitt ’s radio show , Washington Post columnist George Will discussed the prospects of a contest between Republican presidential    Donald Trump and Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton .   Will speculated that a good number of Democrats would cross over and vote for Donald Trump on the Republican side . However , a good number of Democrats would cross over and vote for Trump on the Republican side said that without a " real conservative candidate " in the field , it may inspire a movement for a    candidate . Partial transcript as follows : HEWITT : So , George Will , HEWITT got two minutes , so expound on this for HEWITT . Donald Trump is a learning machine . I watched him Donald Trump Liberty University , I watched him Donald Trump New Hampshire with Scott Brown the day before , he Donald Trump incredibly gracious to a disabled woman . He Donald Trump getting better and better at this . And Steve Schmidt thinks he Donald Trump going to be the nominee . If he Donald Trump the the nominee how many Democrats cross over to vote for him Donald Trump how many Republicans cross over to vote for her a disabled woman she a disabled woman indicted ? WILL : There would large numbers going both ways . It would be a very interesting migration . I think you would probably have more Democrats going to the Republicans than Republicans going the Democrats but you would also figure that there would be movement to have a    candidate because if the election is Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump , this will be the first election since God knows when , there was no real conservative candidate . And I do n’t those of us who have started our political us , and I cast my vote for Barry Goldwater who valued that classic , creative defeat of his because Barry Goldwater took Barry Goldwater Republican Party and said henceforth it will he took the Republican Party a conservative party . For those of us who feel that way are not about to sit idly and see the Republican Party , which was saved by William Howard Taft in 1912 for conservatism that was reclaimed by Barry Goldwater Barry Goldwater , we ’re not going to let it disappear in 2016 . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 