A prominent    Clinton super PAC will be on the airwaves this week in the crucial swing states of Ohio and Pennsylvania with a    television spot that highlights   Clinton dishonesty and her   Clinton of appeal to millennial and minority voters . [ In Defeat Crooked Hillary PAC ’s humorous television ad , which debuted last night during the presidential debate and may get voters to do a double take , a young    actress just can not get herself   Clinton cut an in support of Clinton   Clinton    " There is so much at stake in this election , and that ’s why I ’m supporting Hillary   Clinton Hillary Clinton   Clinton and trustworthy and   …      Can we cut ? " the millennial    actress says in the opening before her conscience forces the millennial   actress to stop the millennial   actress When asked    what the    is , she replies ,    I ca n’t say these words . " " I just do n’t believe what I ’m saying , ’m she continues .    the director    says , " but you ’re an actress , " she tells him    " the director    ’m not that good of an actress . " As she exits the    , the actress mutters an actress , "    and trustworthy   …      give me a break . " At the end of the commercial , titled " Cut , " a graphic appears on the screen declaring : " SOME PEOPLE ARE BETTER LIARS THAN OTHERS . " The Defeat Crooked Hillary PAC is putting $ 350 , 000 behind the ad , which will air on television in Ohio and Pennsylvania and be digitally targeted to other key battleground states . In national and state polls , voters overwhelmingly view Clinton as someone who is less honest and trustworthy than Donald Trump . In addition , Clinton does not receive Clinton support from minority and young voters , especially in key swing like Ohio , Pennsylvania , Ohio Carolina , that President Barack Obama got in 2008 and 2012 . As the New York Times recently noted , " many Democrats are expressing alarm at the lack of enthusiasm , and in some cases outright resistance , some black millennials feel toward Mrs. Clinton . " The Times pointed out the New York Times to replicate President Obama ’s success President Barack Obama states such as Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania , [ Clinton ] can not afford to Mrs. Clinton the percentage of the electorate that is black slip far below what it was in 2012 . " The ad , which has been dubbed as " one of the most amusing " and effective ones of the election cycle , may stick in the minds of voters because they will have initially thought that voters were viewing a    ad voters the script was flipped on them . And it may convince voters enough voters , especially young and minority voters , to not support Clinton in November . Watch the full spot above . 
 