Clinton and Clinton DC Media have repeatedly attacked Republican frontrunner Donald Trump as sexist . Rather than do what the Republican Establishment always does when faced with this kind of attack   —    crumple into a small ball and go to Clinton and her DC Media Special Place until the election is lost   —    by honing in on Bill Clinton ’s sordid , sexist past , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has had Hillary and Hillary media on defense all week .   Today , at a massive rally in South Carolina , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump turned the heat up to 11 , with the claim that former President Bill Clinton is " one of the great abusers of the world . " The hyperbole is a key part of Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump ongoing chess match . The DC media has been playing     with the GOP since 2008 . Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump this . So he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump a little outside the lines knowing Hillary ’s media allies will leap at him Republican frontrunner Donald Trump which is the briar patch he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump . This is how he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump the political conversation , how he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump the The DC media talk about what he Republican frontrunner Donald Trump to talk about . As a result , all week the DC Media has been forced to    Bill ’s piggish behavior , and for the first time , litigate Hillary ’s role Hillary abusing these women over what they claim is these women second round of abuse , after Madame Secretary launched campaigns of personal destruction to silence them . At these women same rally , Trump correctly pointed out that he is only Trump defense when he brings up Trump Clinton ’s history of real ( he settled a Trump harassment case with Paula Jones ) and alleged ( by more than a    women ) history of sexual abuse . After all , it was Hillary who decided this campaign should be about sexism , and about how sex abuse victims must be " heard , believed , and supported . " So with an innocent look on his face and Trump big toe Trump into the dirt , Trump explained to the crowd : " I have no choice " but to go on the attack against the Clintons . She started it Trump " the attack against the Clintons ca n’t let people push you around . You ca n’t let people tell lies , " Trump said , Trump that " nobody respects women more than Donald Trump . Trump She ’s hitting me Trump hard with the women card , " Trump said . " Trump ’s not going Trump win . " Trump then turned to Trump female base : Trump Women do n’t like Hillary . I see Trump all the time . " Hillary Clinton and the Trump were sure they had found the secret Hillary Clinton and the DC Media to waltz the Lying Benghazi Bungler directly into the Oval Office : a replay of the phony War on Women issue . It did n’t matter who won the nomination in 2016 . Mitt Romney was no sexist , so the DC Media fabricated a the DC Media beat him to death with . Then Donald Mitt Romney came along , a candidate who not only understands that the rules set by the DC Media are rigged to elect the DC Media someone competent enough to    them at their own game . On this day Donald Trump came along, a candidate who not only understands that the rules set by the DC Media are rigged to elect Democrats Bill Donald Trump came along, a candidate who not only understands that the rules set by the DC Media are rigged to elect Democrats is finally facing justice for the longstanding allegations against him , and thanks only to Trump , so Bill Cosby Bill and Hillary Clinton after Donald Trump years of being shielded by the corrupt media .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 