Author Diana West reacts to Brent Bozell declaring that Roger Stone should be " shunned by the media . " [ From DianaWest . net :   To : Brent Bozell , I read the statement you made as president of the Media Research Center , applauding CNN and MSNBC for banning Trump Roger Stone their Roger Stone coverage . CNN , Politico reports , CNN Stone in February over his Roger Stone about Jeb Bush Roger Stone and CNN analyst Ana Navarro ( CNN called her " Entitled Roger Stone Bitch , " " Borderline retarded , " and " dumber than dog s —   " [ stet ] ) . The MSNBC ban follows Stone ’s recent radio discussion Roger Stone planned Stop the Steal movement Roger Stone the upcoming GOP convention in Cleveland , in which , as Breitbart reports , he said there would be protests Roger Stone demonstrations and that , we will disclose the hotels and the room numbers of those delegates who are directly involved in the steal . If you ’re from Pennsylvania , we ’ll tell you who the we are . We urge you to visit their we and find them . the culprits have a right the culprits discuss this , if you voted in the Pennsylvania primary , for example , and your votes are being disallowed . You then wrote that such threats , and his [ Stone ’s ] long history of incendiary and offensive rhetoric add no value to the national discourse .    …      Stone is a thug who relishes Stone’s insults , character assassination , and offensive    tactics that should be unequivocally dismissed by civil society , most especially those who might give him a platform from which to Stone’s his hatred . The news media Stone’s for far too long ignored Stone ’s inflammatory words . I Stone’s media outlets that lament the debasement of political dialogue and the gutter politics for which Stone is infamous follow the lead of Stone’s and MSNBC . The media should shun him . He The news media David Duke Stone’s politics Stone’s Those with whom he is affiliated should denounce him in Stone’s uncertain terms . Having Stone’s these    heights of     —    which has nothing to do with your visceral opposition to Donald Trump ( whom Stone supports )   —    I will assume this is only your first step . That is , Stone Standard in hand , you must be now turning your cleansing energies toward the rest of the Right , where public rhetoric of crudity and intimidation very often exceeds that of former CNN and MSNBC commentator Roger Stone , Hated One . Read the rest of the article here . 
 