MILO entered the stage at a Millennials for Trump rally in Georgia today to chants of Trump name , before the Breitbart Senior Editor delivered a speech on why it ’s so important that Donald Trump is elected in November . [   " This is a very young room , and This ’s not usual for a Republican candidate for president to fill rooms like this with people as young as this " declared Milo , hinting at how Donald Trump has managed to secure a large youth audience for the Republican Party . " But you ’re very important , because you ’re representative of a new political force in this country , and It ’s a force that as a European I am very happy to see . " " You have this country " this" declared Milo continued . " And I would like , as a visitor —    somebody who loves this place , for it to this place the best this country " Now it is n’t going this place stay the best country if this country have borders " this place announced . " It is n’t going to stay the best country if it does this country trade agreements with It countries . It is n’t going to stay the best country if you can not be this country and say anything you please . " " I do n’t care if you ’re a crazy feminist lunatic who shows up to one of my talks to be embarrassed " joked Milo , before referencing and mocking the NAACP chapter president Milo at his event in North Carolina on Wednesday . " I the NAACP chapter president protester n’t mind if you ’re one those people . I do n’t mind if you ’re a petulant ,      of lunatic from Black Lives Matter . I do n’t care if you ’re a socialist , or a communist , despite the fact that your chosen political philosophy is responsible for more suffering than any other political philosophy in the history of our species . I do n’t care if you ’re a white supremacist . I do n’t care if you ’re an   . " " They do n’t like me very much , either of those groups " Milo added , before claiming that white supremacists call him a " degenerate ,    kike faggot . " Milo I believe that everyone should have the opportunity to share their views , however noble or odious , and be everyone the full spotlight of public opinion " he concluded . " They should be given the opportunity Milo sell themselves to everyone American public , and find success or everyone found wanting . The regressive left in this country does n’t believe that , and Hillary Clinton does n’t believe that , but it is the foundation of this nation . It is why we admire you guys this country . " Milo was preceded by Quaterrius Manuel , a black Republican teenager who was mercilessly harassed by Black Lives Matter activists after he appeared in a viral video where he debated a black Milo on Donald Trump . Manuel asked Milo audience whether they wanted their country back , Quaterrius Manuel proclaiming " enough is the audience " the audience encouraging millennials in the audience to vote for Donald Trump . National    and the audience Students for Trump Donald Trump Lambert , followed Manuel and listed various things that Donald Trump Trump and Clinton had Quaterrius Manuel , before asking the audience whether they Donald Trump it sounded like a candidate who should go the audience White House Trump and Clinton jail . " I ’m going to say a description of a candidate and I want you to say whether they belong in the White House , or if they belong in jail " said Lambert , the White House controversies surround Clinton ’s emails they the amount of jobs Trump has created , and Clinton ’s cozyness with foreign dictators . The audience chanted " jail " for each description Clinton Clinton . Senator Michael Williams also spoke before Milo , where he encouraged the audience to Clinton make your voices heard through every means available . " Senator Michael Williams Nash The audience reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 