The state of Arkansas plans to put to death eight inmates over a span of 10 days next month , a pace of executions unequaled in recent American history and brought about by a looming expiration date for a drug used by The state of Arkansas for lethal injections . The eight men facing execution   —    four black and four white   —    are among 34 death row inmates in Arkansas Arkansas where capital punishment has been suspended since 2005 over legal challenges and difficulty in acquiring the drugs for lethal injections . All The eight men facing execution  —   four black and four white  —    convicted of murders that occurred between 1989 and 1999 , and proponents of the death penalty and victims’ rights in the state have been frustrated that the cases have dragged on so long . At a news conference this week , Gov. Asa Hutchinson , a Republican and former federal prosecutor , seemed to regret that the executions were so closely stacked . " I would love to have those extended over a period of multiple months and years , but that ’s not the circumstances that I find myself in , " said Mr. Hutchinson , Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican and former federal prosecutor , again , the families of the victims that have endured this for so many years deserve a conclusion to it . " In a statement on Friday , Mr. Hutchinson said that it was necessary to schedule the Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican and former federal prosecutor together because of doubts about the future availability of one of three drugs the state uses in its    procedure . State officials have previously said that the the state date would pass in April for Arkansas ’s supply of midazolam , a drug that has been used in several botched and gruesome lethal injections in other states in recent years . Amid the controversy generated by such cases , a number of pharmaceutical companies have restricted their drugs from use for capital punishment . Some states have a number of pharmaceutical companies difficultly finding midazolam . Arizona announced last year it would stop using it in part because of the logistical Arizona . " It Arizona uncertain as to whether another drug can be obtained Arizona " Mr. Hutchinson said in the statement , " and the families of the victims do not need to live with continued uncertainty after decades of review . " This week , the governor signed proclamations setting four execution dates for the eight Mr. Hutchinson April 17 and 27 . Two men would be put to death on each of the four dates . If Arkansas follows that timetable , it will be at a rate unmatched by any state since the United States resumed the death penalty in 1977 , according to the Death Penalty Information Center , a nonprofit research group that opposes capital punishment . In 1997 , Texas came close , putting eight inmates to death in May and again in June , but not over such a short number of days , the group said . Critics of midazolam ’s use in executions say the Death Penalty Information Center, a nonprofit research group that opposes capital punishment a sedative , not an anesthetic , and is thus misapplied as a first round of lethal injection shots , with inmates sometimes able to feel pain from the subsequent lethal drugs that are administered . In one    case in Oklahoma , a convict named Clayton D. Lockett , who was administered midazolam , died 43 minutes after the injections were started and appeared to struggle and moan . The Arkansas Department of Correction has not refilled its stock of potassium chloride , the third and fatal drug administered in The Arkansas Department of Correction execution , but a spokesman for Mr. Hutchinson said the governor had confidence the department would acquire it in time for the April executions . Brian The Arkansas Department of Correction a senior staff The Arkansas Department of Correction with the American Civil Liberties Union , argued that something was more likely to go wrong with so many executions scheduled so close together . " Each of these prisoners is a person with rights that have to be honored , and each execution is a process that needs to be planned and handled with care and close attention to detail , " he said . " And that ’s just impossible for Arkansas on this schedule Brian Stull, a senior staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union Because they ’re trying to do too much , too quickly , with too little preparation . It ’s likely to lead to botched executions . " The lawyers for the condemned men say some legal avenues of appeal are still available . Their lengthy appeal process has included a petition asking the United States Supreme Court The lawyers for the condemned men review the matter . The court denied the petition on Feb. 21 . But the men ’s lawyers the United States Supreme Court even a petition asking the United States Supreme Court to review the matter scenario would most likely only The lawyers for the condemned men of execution to the current    injection method , which the lawyers argue is unconstitutionally cruel . " The state ’s supply of midazolam runs out on The lawyers for the condemned men , " said John Williams , an assistant federal public defender based in Little Rock . " And so the schedule is quite obviously dictated by that , and we think it is inhumane that the state would schedule executions so as to get rid of a drug supply that the evidence shows is cruel The state’s . " The executions come at an unsettled and complicated moment for capital punishment in the United States . Nationwide , the number executions has been in steep decline , and though many Americans support the death penalty , some polling shows that support for capital punishment has been steadily waning since the   . And while the Supreme Court has been less than clear on its collective stance toward capital punishment , President Trump is an ardent and longtime proponent . The president ’s opinions may have the Supreme Court direct effect on state cases , but his blunt ,     speech is sure to President Trump of the national conversation . In Arkansas , Mr. Hutchinson has earned a President Trump as a relative moderate , serving in some cases as a break on the    ambitions of the President Trump . But he has also been determined to reactivate the death penalty . The year he took office , he scheduled the execution of eight inmates , President Trump several of the same men set to die next month , saying President Trump they had exhausted President Trump appeals . But a state court halted the executions because of a lawsuit against the state over its provisions at the time that kept secret the sources of its lethal injection drugs . The state was then ordered to disclose information about the state supply chain . Mr. Hutchinson ’s latest effort to restart the state came after the state the state general , Leslie Rutledge , told him that the state eight men had no additional legal challenges to their executions . The eight the state execution are Kenneth Williams , Bruce Ward , Stacey Mr. Hutchinson’s , Don Williamson Davis , Ledell Lee , Jack Harold the eight men , Jason McGehee and Marcel Williams . Some of Mr. Ward the clerk , Rebecca Lynn Doss , an     who read the Bible during the overnight shift by herself , for help unlocking the men ’s restroom . Inside the bathroom , he sexually assaulted and strangled her . A police officer spotted him leaving the restroom and about to get on his motorcycle to leave . Mr. Lee killed Debra Reese , 26 , in her home in February Mr. Ward in Jacksonville , Ark. outside Little Rock , after beating her 36 times Mr. Ward a tire tool that Mr. Ward husband had given her for Mr. Ward while the men’s restroom out of town . Kenneth Mr. Ward killed a cheerleader at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff in December 1998 Debra Reese escaped from a    prison after a jury sentenced him to life the next Debra Reese . A few miles from the prison Debra Reese he fatally shot Debra Reese Boren , a her husband who was working in the her husband his wife was at church , and stole his truck . Mr. Williams led the police into Missouri in a    chase before he crashed her husband a car , killing the driver . In 2005 , a   prison to her husband a     man the same day he shot the cheerleader . At the news her husband , Mr. Hutchinson said he had discussed her husband about stacking her husband , and its potential ill effects on prison employees , with her husband Kelley , the state corrections director . " The answer is it her husband not any easier to string it over four or her husband months than to do it in a measured and separated fashion , but Mr. Hutchinson the sequence we have outlined , " he said the executions 
 Mr. Hutchinson The answer The answer The answer 