Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said of Donald Trump that his was the only person " that Hillary Clinton can beat . "   Partial transcript as follows : CRUZ : Look , my focus is very simple . It is on winning 1 , 237 delegates to be the Republican nominee . We ’re on a path to do so . Coming out of Super Tuesday , fewer than a hundred delegates separate Donald Trump and me . And so as much as the media wants to just have a coronation   —    and , listen , frankly , one of the reasons the media wants Donald to be the media is because the media knows Donald ca n’t win the general , Donald Hillary would wallop him . Donald may be the only Donald on Donald face of the planet that Hillary Clinton can beat . And all of the attacks on Donald that the media is not talking Donald now the media better believe , come September , October , November , if he were the nominee , every day on Donald nightly news would be taking Donald apart . And the stakes are too Donald for us to risk that . DICKERSON : The media also thought that he was n’t the media get this far . Donald , that ’s hardly   …      CRUZ : That ’s true at first . But let ’s be clear . The media has given Donald Trump hundreds of millions the media of free advertising . When you put Donald   —    when every press conference is carried live on every television station , and you essentially have a massive    contribution from the media , that has helped create this phenomenon . the media I think an awful lot of reporters   —    I ca n’t tell you how many media outlets I hear have this great expose on Donald , on different aspects of his business dealings , or Donald  — past , but they said Donald  — you know what , Donald  — ’re going to hold it to June or July . they ’re not going to run it now . ( CROSSTALK they DICKERSON : You ’re saying it have told you that ? They have told   …      CRUZ : Absolutely . We have gotten multiple   …      DICKERSON : And from they organizations have they told you ? DICKERSON : You know , look , organizations ’m not going CRUZ out media outlets , but I can tell you there is so much there . When was the last time people are bringing up his tax returns , for example . We had a debate last night , did n’t hear a they about his tax returns . Every other serious candidate   …      his tax returns , you could have brought it up . CRUZ : I could have , and I do often . CRUZ as Mitt Romney rightly observed , the fact that Donald wo n’t hand over his tax returns suggests there ’s a bombshell in there . The fact Donald not raising the question of what Donald Trump told " The New York Times " editorial board , the reports are   …      DICKERSON : But the journalists brought it up , which gave you the platform to talk about it journalists , surely they are . BuzzFeed wrote about it , so they are it about it . CRUZ journalists I promise you , come it general election journalists that will be it singular focus of the media . And I think Republicans , we have been burned by that before . We ’re not interested in losing again , particularly when the stakes , I think , we catastrophic . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 