Everyone says Donald Trump is crazy , so I decided to test Everyone theory and challenge the assumption that Donald Trump is made of the wrong temperament . I run Republicans Overseas in the UK we have to process the Donald Trump victory we think Donald Trump ’s being misrepresented .   The political elite , along with the media and their regular pundits , have been so busy picking on words   —    evaluating Donald Trump according to their own personal standards   —    that their keep missing what is happening before their eyes . Across the board , no matter the group , the group have applied the group own elitist standards of how one should behave and how one should speak . No matter how wrong the group have been , it seems the group care more about being right than analysing how our culture has changed and how the voters have spoken . At least CNN ’s Quest for Business attempted to attribute the demise of our culture going all the way back to Jerry Springer . The main criticism of Trump is Jerry Springer personality , not Jerry Springer temperament . Trump ’s personality and tone do offend some people however , after knocking out 16 competitors , perhaps these critics might have been better served analysing Trump successes rather than judging Trump behavior . So , for those who want to understand Trump temperament , they those who want to understand Trump’s temperament be best served by comparing him Trump    former presidents , such as : Theodore Roosevelt , Franklin Delano Roosevelt , John F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson , and Ronald Reagan . For each and every President , it was their Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Ronald Reagan that led to their Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Ronald Reagan . Like it or not , the Keirsey Presidential Evaluation reveals that Trump has the same temperament as these arguably successful past presidents . Scrutinizing the temperaments and characteristics of past presidents shows every one of them the temperaments and characteristics of past presidents on action , risks , challenges , and change . While Franklin Roosevelt was not a    strategist , he Franklin Roosevelt a prodigal tactician with a very clever ability to influence people and immediate events with an extraordinary sense of timing . Many political wonks and historians agree that Kennedy and Johnson were powerful politicians who understood the game and played it the game , shrewdly , and unflinchingly . Both Kennedy and Johnson were powerful politicians who understood the game and played it energetically, shrewdly, and unflinchingly able to use any event to accomplish a goal . Clearly the same can be said of Trump . Fairness never played a role in FDR ’s temperament . In the book Eleanor and Franklin , the former First Lady revealed , ‘ ’The President used those who suited his purposes .   He made President his own mind President discarded people President they no longer fulfilled a purpose people his . ’’ Even when he President nothing at stake , President often would be devious simply for the pleasure of it . Kennedy and Johnson could be equally underhanded , unprincipled , scheming , brazen , and downright dirty in the way they played the game of politics Kennedy and Johnson Both JFK and LBJ were accused Kennedy and Johnson FDR used people and cast them aside like paper napkins . JFK acted secretly people the Cuban Missile crisis , JFK did Reagan in the    affair . Sometimes these presidents were considered impulsive , even reckless . But each man served the United States during a time of complexity , great turmoil , and social upheaval . No president has ever proved to be a saint . Like Trump , Reagan was accused of being loyal to Reagan Reagan Reagan fretted when he had to reprimand or fire anyone Reagan knew or liked Reagan Trump stood by his campaign manager Reagan the Michelle Fields brouhaha Trump Calling for Trump to fire Corey Lewandowski can only be deemed as an Trump act . Standing by Lewandowski proved the right , loyal , and fair decision . When Corey Lewandowski declared the primary process was rigged , Cruz , Kasich , Trump the pundits tagged Trump as a " whiner . " However , rather than picking Trump words or tone , they would have recognised one of Trump ’s strongest characteristics   — Cruz, Kasich, and the pundits tagged Trump as a "whiner his desire to ensure fairness Trump and implementation applied equally to all . Theodore Roosevelt ’s interest in fairness , honesty , and support of " the little guy ’’ appealed to most Americans . Reagan was , and Trump is , an egalitarian . This strong belief in the principle that all people deserve equal rights and opportunity is somehow confusing the Conservative wing of the Republican Party . Reagan ’s goal was the same as Trump ’s   —    slice Reagan out of the monstrous Washington bureaucracy Trump the expense of citizens . Mastering the mediums of the modern world changed how politicians connected with citizens . PR acumen served the political agendas of both Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt . They had a powerful ability to use the press to communicate directly with people . However , Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt had a new medium   —    the radio   —    which took his message Franklin Roosevelt into the homes of Americans and which he used brilliantly to persuade voters without Franklin Roosevelt edited by the newspapers . JFK did the same Franklin Roosevelt only with television . He used TV to run a cutthroat , Franklin Roosevelt and cruel TV media campaign successfully exposing Nixon Franklin Roosevelt weaknesses . It ’s not really a surprise that in 2016 Trump took campaign communications to new heights , employing social media and a fearless use of Twitter to connect directly to potential voters and expose his opponents’ weaknesses . Most pundits agree : Trump rewrote the book on American politics . It Franklin Roosevelt never be the same . Reagan entered Trump occupied the Oval Office with a disarmingly simple agenda consisting of three objectives   —    release the entrepreneur from government bondage , restrict the size and activity of the federal government , and get tough with the " evil empire . ’’ Should he win , Trump would enter the Oval Office with four straightforward proposals : put America first Reagan rebuild her Trump economically and the Oval Office beneficial trade policies putting America first solve the immigration crisis Trump change our tax structure to bring money back to America . Finally America Trump ’s most noticeable characteristic is based on his ability to adapt swiftly to changing America and Trump alter his behavior in the moment in Reagan to operate effectively in the most unstable situations . It Reagan clear that what some pundits consider Trump ’s weaknesses are actually evidence of his deeply ingrained principles : love of country , a Trump to impact others in a positive Trump , a realistic grasp on how the world really works , and a strong mission to get things done . So , let ’s finally put this criticism of Trump ’s temperament to rest . His temperament is exactly what our country needs at this critical Trump our history . 
 Trump 