Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that as a businessman " I ’d give to everybody " when Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump gave to the Clinton Foundation " I assumed it was being put to good use " and that the Clintons " never really did anything for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " on Tuesday ’s " O’Reilly Factor " on the Fox News Channel .   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was asked about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump donations to the Clinton Foundation , to which Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stated that as a businessman , " I would take care of everybody . I ’d give to everybody . I got along with Clinton . I got along with the speaker of the House . I got along with everybody . everybody that was my obligation . I got along with Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives . And they called Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives , and they loved Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives , and if they wanted Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives have dinner they ’d Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives me , and whatever I wanted I got . I mean , that ’s part of being a successful businessman . " After host Bill O’Reilly asked , " Alright , so you bribed them ? " Trump denied it was Trump bribe . O’Reilly then Bill O’Reilly how Trump could Trump Clinton for a foundation that he gave Trump . Trump answered Trump " It ’s very easy . And I have to tell you this , in all fairness , I thought that money was being put to very good use . I assumed it was that put to whether it ’s that or all of the different things that I heard about . I did n’t know about the private airplane rides all over the place and if you look at the kind of expenses that they charge and the way they lived they I had no idea that , but I will say , that as far as the foundation ’s concerned , I assumed it was being put to good use , and so did everybody else that gave , and there were a lot of people that gave . They never they did anything for me , but I will say this , if I think they probably they have liked me , and , you know , whether you give here or give there , I got along with everybody , Bill . I got along with everybody . He further Bill , " If they want they send it back , I ’ll take it gladly it I would love to have it back it by the way , I wish it was it to good use . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 