Outgoing UKIP leader Nigel Farage told Breitbart News Daily that Hillary Clinton " represents the status quo " and will bring " the stability of failure " to the United States if Hillary Clinton wins the presidential election this November . [ Speaking to Breitbart London ’s     Raheem Kassam , the outgoing UKIP leader and Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) Outgoing UKIP leader Nigel Farage has stated that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , along with the rest of the global political establishment " have led us into a series of wars , they Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, along with the rest of the global political establishment "have led us into a series of wars massively increased our us of debt , and they Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, along with the rest of the global political establishment "have led us into a series of wars failure " .   He Outgoing UKIP leader Nigel Farage : " When Hillary talks about stability , what she Hillary is the stability of failure . The stability of policies that have n’t worked , and what the West needs is a change . " " Hillary Hillary her Hillary are part of the global politics of the last twenty years that has been absolutely     with the big banks and big multinational businesses that have led to the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer . Ordinary people in America , Britain , and elsewhere are not being given an even break . " Remarking on the fact that Clinton had neither met with American voters nor held a press conference for over 270 days , Mr. Farage said : " What she Clinton doing is very simple . She Clinton saying : ‘ I represent the status quo’ ‘ I represent the world the way it the world ‘ I represent safety’ and effectively nothing much will change under me Mr. Farage " Mr. Mr. Farage come after Front National leader and presidential candidate for the 2017 French elections Marine Le Pen said that a Clinton presidency would mean " devastation " in an interview with CNN : " I believe Hillary Clinton means Clinton Hillary Clinton means devastation Clinton the world , economic choices that would be devastating for my people , geostrategic choices that would lead to global conflicts , " Ms. Le Pen Marine Le Pen populist leader then drew Marine Le Pen campaign and that of Mr. Trump Marine Le Pen " we ’re not insiders , we are not taking part in the ‘ system’ we depend on no one and do not take we orders from any financial institutions " . 
 we 