The political crisis in South Korea came to a head on Friday , as the National Assembly voted to impeach President Park   . A    majority vote was needed . [ In the final tally , 234 out of 300 lawmakers voted for impeachment   —    which , as the New York Times points out , means that almost half of the 128 lawmakers in President Park   ’s own Saenuri party voted in favor .   A previous Times report extensively detailed the charges against Park , which boil down to abusing government power and violating the national Constitution to benefit her old friend Choi    who wielded enormous influence despite having no official position at all . Although President Park   previously made a great show of putting her fate in the hands of the National Assembly , her promptly declared her would fight impeachment in The Constitutional Court , instead of resigning . her also apologized for a " lack of discretion " and " carelessness " without admitting legal wrongdoing . The Constitutional Court must ratify her impeachment within 180 days to make her impeachment permanent . During that period , Prime Minister Hwang    will serve as acting president . A new presidential election would be held within 60 days of her permanent removal from office , or resignation . Prime Minister Hwang    is described by the South China Morning Post as a " stiff and uncompromising defender " of President Park , and one of the " staunchest loyalists " in the Park cabinet . He Prime Minister Hwang    Prime Minister after his Prime Minister Hwang    Lee Wan Koo resigned due to corruption allegations . Park Park tried to replace him Prime Minister Hwang    this year he Prime Minister Hwang    kept his Prime Minister Hwang    as Prime Minister because opposition lawmakers refused to confirm his Prime Minister Hwang    . This might displease the crowds who were calling for Park ’s removal from office ( the New York Times writes of literal dancing in the streets when her impeachment was announced , despite frigid cold temperatures in Seoul ) but it This provide some reassuring continuity to foreign governments dealing with South Korea , including the United States . The U. S. State Department said as much , in its The U. S. State Department to Park Park’s : " We expect policy consistency and continuity across a range of fronts , including DPRK , other regional issues , and international economics and trade . " ( " DPRK " refers to North Korea South Korea State Department spokeswoman The U. S. State Department added America ’s alliance with South Korea " South Korea to be a linchpin of regional stability and security , and we will continue to meet America our alliance commitments , especially America respect to defending against the threat from North Korea . " South Korea other hand , the SCMP warns the coming six months could bring even more uncertainty and instability to South Korea , because the South Korea ’s powers are not   . Also , two of the South Korean Constitutional Court ’s nine    justices will probably leave office before the impeachment trial is complete . Time describes Park as " loathed , " with an approval rating of just 4 % having become the face of government corruption for a public sick to death of it . Protesters view her corruption scandal as " symptomatic of wider problems in South Korean society , including soaring income inequality , ingrained sexism and a lack of social mobility , " in Time ’s view . She is so unpopular that the South her Morning Post speculates she might have trouble finding lawyers to her her in court , even though meeting her legal standard for upholding her impeachment would appear to be difficult her That might actually make lawyers reluctant to take her on as a client , because her do n’t wish to become involved lawyers a successful defense that would enrage the public . ( She ’ll remain in office until February her if the court overturns her impeachment . ) court Street her writes of Park ’s impeachment as " a fresh earthquake to hit the global political order following populist referendum victories in the U. K. and Italy , and Donald Trump ’s election as U. S. president . " The Journal speculates that Park ’s impeachment could The Wall Street Journal The Wall Street Journal toward     Park’s who value improved relations with China and even North Korea over the close relationship Seoul has developed with Washington . The deployment of American THAAD    defenses to South Korea has figured prominently in the South Korean Left ’s list of complaints , in part because China opposes it so strenuously . " Trade tension with China U. China could potentially flare if Ms. Park is replaced by a    president . Huge public demonstrations against Ms. Park have been swollen by farmers and labor unions Ms. Park protectionist trade policies and government subsidies for products such as rice , " the WSJ adds . Another populist angle to the Park political crisis is her relationship to the chaebols , huge    business conglomerates . Supporters see them as crucial to South Korea ’s industrial success , while Supporters say they benefit from political favoritism . One of the major charges Supporters Park ’s friend Choi    is that she directed large donations Park the chaebols to favored foundations , Choi    exchange for promises of favorable treatment by the government . Almost all of the major candidates to replace Park in a special election hail from the populist Left in Park Korea , with only one notable , and still highly speculative , exception : current United Nations Secretary General Ban   . He will complete his term as Secretary General soon , but has not yet He an interest in the presidency . Even if he does , his popularity in South Korea is said to He greatly diminished He his association South Korea . 
 He 