Jamie Weinstein , Senior Editor at the Daily Caller , told author David Horowitz that in at least one respect , a President Hillary Clinton would be a better ally for Israel than Donald Trump . [ Weinstein tweeted the contents of an email Weinstein sent to author David Horowitz Monday morning   —    part of an exchange prompted by a controversial Breitbart column which labeled Bill Kristol a " renegade Jew . " Horowitz , a New York Times bestselling author , argued that Bill Kristol effort for a    campaign would hurt Israel by strengthening Hillary Clinton ’s chances in a general election . Weinstein wrote to him Weinstein   If the question is who would be more likely to use force against the Iranians to set back their the Iranians program , I think there is a good argument that Hillary Hillary Clinton be more likely . 15 other Republicans running for the GOP nomination would probably be more likely than her Hillary Clinton but the GOP 1 of the 2 that would probably be less likely , especially if the Ayatollah sent Trump a note saying he was the Ayatollah and handsome . The pair ’s email exchange began with Horowitz confirming to Weinstein that he wrote Horowitz headline calling Kristol a " Republican Spoiler " and " Renegade Jew . " David Horowitz Horowitz in an email that he is responsible Horowitz the @BreitbartNews headline " Renegade Jew " : pic . twitter .    —    Jamie Weinstein ( @Jamie_Weinstein ) May 16 , 2016 ,   Weinstein reached out —   Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) Twitter sleuths began to question whether Horowitz or Breitbart Horowitz wrote the offending headline . Weinstein ’s colleague —   Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) Lewis speculated that Breitbart editors may have pushed the " renegade Jew " phrase onto Horowitz : I Horowitz not so sure we should be so quick to attack this specific column . The headline is the the offending headline thing here , and these are frequently written by someone other than the columnist . What is more , ironies abound . The piece in question is written by David Horowitz , who is Jewish . Commentary editor John Podhoretz questioned whether Horowitz wrote the Horowitz underneath the headline an hour after the offending headline    Horowitz , Podhoretz asked his Twitter the article if Commentary editor John Podhoretz byline Commentary editor John Podhoretz the piece belonged to " the The piece in question Horowitz well .   https :   .    —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) May 16 , 2016 ,   Is the David Horowitz that wrote the Breitbart piece on Bill "the" David Horowitz author of Radical Son " David Horowitz ? Does anyone know ?   —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) May 16 , 2016 ,   Weinstein ’s statement today is one facet of a larger argument that Hillary Clinton will wield executive power better than the Republican presidential nominee . Weeks ago , he wrote a column stating he would vote for Clinton over Trump Weinstein no viable    candidate Weinstein during the general Hillary Clinton . In a White House race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , I ’d prefer Clinton , just Hillary Clinton ’d prefer Malaria to Ebola . In most Hillary Clinton , Malaria is curable . Ebola is more often deadly .    …      Malaria I]f it ’s Ebola with no serious third party option in the fall , Ebola hard    it is for me to believe I am actually writing these words , there is just no question : I ’d take a Tums and cast my ballot for Hillary   —    and I suspect so would many other    conservatives , whether they are willing to admit it now or not . 
 many other   conservatives 