Republican National Committee ( RNC ) Chairman Reince Priebus fired up more than 7 , 000 people before introducing Donald Trump at Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus campaign rally in Erie , Pennsylvania on Friday afternoon , showing the Republican Party is united behind the Republican Party nominee . [ " the Republican Party ’re so honored to be working with Donald Trump and the campaign , " he Donald Trump the packed crowd inside the Erie Insurance Arena , saying the eight to nine thousand gathered to hear Trump Donald Trump " unbelievable . "   " We just had a great poll that came out , " he Donald Trump , referencing a new LA Times poll that shows Hillary Clinton and Trump Donald Trump and neck , adding that it ’s a " tied election in spite of the biased media . " " Do n’t believe the garbage you read , " he Donald Trump . " Donald Trump , the Republican Party , all of you   —    we ’re going to put him Donald Trump the White House and save this country together ! " Priebus ’s appearance comes as reports surfaced that dozens of Republicans are asking the RNC to stop funding Trump ’s campaign and focus on down ticket candidates after recent polls suggested Clinton was catching Trump Trump’s states that are usually Republican strongholds such as Georgia and Utah . " We ’re in a battle for freedom , " Priebus proclaimed about the election . " Look at the choice we ’ve got   …     Hillary Clinton a problem with lying . " " She lied Clinton she lied Clinton and she lied Clinton and over and over again , " he declared Clinton " She lied Clinton she said Clinton turned Clinton those work related emails . She lied Clinton she said Clinton nothing in these emails those work related emails . She lied Clinton she said Clinton she only Clinton one device . " The crowd started chanting " lock her up Clinton in response . " Lets do this , lets beat her in Clinton , ok ? " Priebus replied . " Here ’s the difference   —    Donald Trump and Mike Pence will tell the truth ! " Trump piggy backed off of Priebus ’s criticism Priebus and the " biased media " when he took the stage Trump piggy " Our government is for sale by a crooked person and what they ’re doing is Our government ’re trying to Our government talk about her , " Trump a crooked person on the   Donald Trump emails revealing a relationship between Clinton ’s State Department Clinton The Clinton Foundation and how the media has n’t covered it in detail .   " You go to CNN , as an example , story after story about Trump . " "   Donald Trump people are the lowest form of life , " he added of media   Donald Trump pundits . Trump also knocked Clinton   Donald Trump admitting she Clinton’s an answer   Donald Trump the FBI investigation into her email scandal .   Donald Trump I do n’t want a president that " Trump jabbed . 
   Donald Trump 