Tuesday on Sean Hannity ’s nationally syndicated radio show , conservative commentator Pat Buchanan explained why conservative commentator Pat Buchanan saw those Republicans not supporting GOP nominee Donald Trump for president would not achieve the party ’s nomination in the future .   conservative commentator Pat Buchanan pointed out that the Republicans that abandoned Barry Goldwater in 1964 never went on to rise in the party’s and that Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan who did support Goldwater Barry Goldwater his Barry Goldwater defeat , went on to become president . That could be a repeat of history according to conservative commentator Pat Buchanan . " [ N]ow I read how moral and great and progressive these the Republicans that abandoned Barry Goldwater in 1964 never went on to rise in the party and that Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan who did support Goldwater despite his landslide defeat, went on to become president who have dumped on Trump and cut him dead Trump " conservative commentator Pat Buchanan said . " And how they ’re the Republicans that abandoned Barry Goldwater in 1964 never went on to rise in the party and that Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan who did support Goldwater despite his landslide defeat, went on to become president to do really well and they ’re the Republicans that abandoned Barry Goldwater in 1964 never went on to rise in the party and that Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan who did support Goldwater despite his landslide defeat, went on to become president rebuilders of the party   —    I really do n’t think so . I do n’t think guys   —    when you ’re at Gettysburg and you lost Gettysburg that Gettysburg guys that were n’t there or that knocked you are the ones that whom you elevate and honor and reward . I think that all these folks that have abandoned Trump   Trump I do n’t think any of them will ever all these folks that have abandoned Trump  —    nominated as president of the United States . " Host Sean Hannity rattled off some of the names not supporting the nominee , which included Gov. John Kasich ( ) and former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) . Buchanan responded by saying " Bush Republicanism " former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) dead . " I think Bush Republicanism is former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) , " he continued . former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) Its big ideas   —    what were they ? You know , quote , ‘ immigration reform,’ which was another word for amnesty . He had his former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) in former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) and all the you know , we ’re going to make democracies out of all these countries in the Middle East and send troops to do it , or trade deals   —    they ’re standing troops there with Clinton signing on to NAFTA   —    Jim Baker and all the guys , Mr. Bush , Sr . All these trade deals   —    they were behind All these trade deals  —    of them . What All these trade deals  —    they going to All these trade deals  —    , we were behind these trade deals and we ’re going we work with Hillary and implement them ? I All these trade deals  —    n’t even know if Hillary can implement Hillary now because she herself realizes Hillary has been saying on these trade deals these trade deals been hearing and agreeing Trump . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 