For years in the arts , critics have been known to blabber on , many times missing the very importance of what many times are witnessing   —    especially if the work of art is groundbreaking and defies " conventional " thinking . [ In music , literature , or art there are legions of stories where something new comes along , but some critics who are so stuck in a conceptual time warp are sadly unable to analyze and see something new as something innovative . This happens even in film . Critics have written analysis for films , giving Critics stamp of approval or disapproval , while never really being held accountable for anything . Critics have no risk Critics do not create ! Critics sit back , pontificate an opinion , which is temporal and of the moment , and then drink another dry martini . A work of art has a unique way of lasting beyond A work of art époque .   There are many of these " establishment types " who year after year spew their volcano of ash into the world attempting to choke those who can create . Then there are the effete intellectuals who decide who or what or how something will be defined and supported . the effete intellectuals who decide who or what or how something will be defined and supported create nothing , but try to influence   —    even sometimes campaigning amongst the effete intellectuals who decide who or what or how something will be defined and supported to help shape the groupthink . The recent issue of National Review is dedicated to the proposition that Donald Trump , the GOP ’s presidential frontrunner , is not a true conservative . The 22 contributors in The recent issue of National Review write their barrage The 22 contributors in this special issue articles like a Super PAC mounting another attack against The Donald . They all broke the " Conservative Commandment . " While it is perfectly okay for candidates to slug it out it —    after all , they are candidates for the biggest title in the world   —    I think these conservative pundits should be held to a different rule . The " the "Conservative Commandment phrase used by Ronald Reagan during his 1966 campaign for governor of Ronald Reagan . The Commandment reads : " Thou the "Conservative Commandment speak ill of any fellow Republican . " For years I have heard all of them quote this 11th commandment , feigning shock like the "Conservative Commandment Casablanca when he falsely protested that which he knew was taking the "Conservative Commandment all along . So the "Conservative Commandment , in the back rooms they all band together and perform blasphemy . Ye hypocrites ! Like figures in Madame Tussauds wax museum , they stand together bloodless and stiff   —    figures in Madame Tussauds wax museum dead elitists who dare go among us , the Great Unwashed . I have met some of them . Some are nice , but the majority figures in Madame Tussauds wax museum so elitist that they are like a synod of intellectual snobbery   Some    out of touch with the world and stuck in the dusty rooms they write in , while becoming intoxicated by breathing the majority the stale air of their own gas . This current display of solidarity the majority as smug as the smirk on Glenn Beck ’s face , one of the 22 contributors of National Review ’s " Against Trump " issue who should know better . Beck had an addiction problem . He went through Glenn Beck " change . " Does Glenn Beck make him any less authentic or sincere in his recovery Glenn Beck By trying to " undefined " Glenn Beck , they are saying they can see into Trump heart trying to "undefined" Trump soul . trying to "undefined" Trump , you morons Glenn Beck if you want to see Trump ’s heart and soul , look to his children . That more than anything is the Trump’s of a man . And it is not an easy thing to bring up children . What ’s more , we know that Trump ’s admonishment to his children to not " Trump’s , drink , Trump’s drugs " can be looked on as the words of someone who respects discipline . Also , Trump to my knowledge is the only candidate in Trump’s memory to mention President Eisenhower ! Are you saying that Ike was n’t considered " conservative " ? Is n’t it in our nature to develop , change , and evolve ? The GOP has been on life support . We have heard how it will be harder and harder our them to grow but now that they have a frontrunner who can infuse new blood into them whole party , they stab him in the back on the steps of them Roman a frontrunner who can infuse new blood into the whole party . The attacks they lay on Trump seem to me to be motivated them insider trading gone awry . There seems to be a panicked reaction from the status quo . Elitists hate when an upstart is successful . Over the years alliances have been formed , potential deals made , and expectations shared . They are considered opinion makers , and we are told alliances we think . So , to me , they are we those film critics who have me made alliances film or created anything except give opinions hoping for relevancy . In reality they have contributed to the decline of the GOP . alliances the stale politicians who have let the American people down , the establishment types at National Review behind the " Against Trump " issue cling to their own John Friendly political mafia . Johnny Friendly and the American people goons in the film On the John Friendly anyone who John Friendly their irrelevancy off the roof . So , along comes Trump Johnny Friendly and his goons in the film On the Waterfront , like Terry Malloy , can no longer sit by and watch so he exposes them for what they are . Trump wants America John Friendly get Trump who, like Terry Malloy, can no longer sit by and watch to work Trump who, like Terry Malloy, can no longer sit by and watch He has become the hope and voice of the    men Trump wants America women who have watched America ’s decline and feel ignored . Like the cement blocks America the foundation of the impressive buildings Trump constructs all across America , we have a growing populace Trump knows he can do America same for America . This alone should Trump wants America given pause to National Review , America narcissism is blind , and these 22 , like some in the Congress and Senate , forget what they are supposed to stand for . Let me tell you this some in the Congress and Senate Trump has " conservative " principles , and they are more Trump and resonating than any we have seen since some in the Congress and Senate Reagan . Those 22 who contributed to National Review ’s " Against Trump " issue all have a differing National Review They are Trump Cruz or Bush or Rubio or Kasich or any establishment " issue all   —    for anyone who has served in politics in my estimation is establishment , and they have alliances with the folks that wrote " Against Trump . " " issue all Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront , Trump has seen the hypocrisy from the inside and can no Trump stand by and watch . Trump is going up against the political mafia chieftains of the Trump " conservative old guard . " They are like the Mustached Petes who were stuck in the mud of the political mafia chieftains of the seemingly "conservative old guard own   . This is what has happened with Trump . He the political mafia chieftains of the seemingly "conservative old guard seen the decline of the American worker Trump He Trump seen the corruption and lies and manipulation , and Trump he confronts the Johnny Friendlys who want to hold onto political Trump . Have a look at Brando as he fights for those who have been held hostage : Lastly Trump there is no absolute pure strain of " conservatism , " my dear fellow Americans . There are many differing opinions depending on circumstances . William F. Buckley , Jr. who I greatly respected , had once said that if the United States had a parliamentary system , President Bush would be subject to a " no confidence " vote . He was highly critical of the war in Iraq . In the past President Bush Buckley ’s nephew Brent Bozell has weighed in on National Review ’s relevance . Back in 2012 , he posted this to Facebook and Twitter : " National Review ’s endorsement Buckley’s nephew Brent Bozell Romney   Huntsman proves only that this is National Review the magazine of William F. Buckley Jr. My uncle would be appalled . " So , you see , opinions are all over the place , and there are no absolutes   —    no pure strain of conservatism . The survival of America is at stake , and the 22 writers of National Review are goons trying to muscle and    the America people against the National Review , Donald Trump . Now that is not conservative . 
 