An Ohio millionaire has been indicted on charges that An Ohio millionaire illegally received food stamps and Medicaid assistance . [ Ali Pascal Mahvi is facing four felony counts , which could put Ali Pascal Mahvi in jail for more than four years if convicted , WKYC reported .   " I absolutely believe Ali Pascal Mahvi should serve time behind bars , " said James Flaiz , the Geauga County prosecutor . Prosecutors say Ali Pascal Mahvi illegally collected $ 45 , 000 in Medicaid benefits and about $ 8 , 400 in food stamps , although Ali Pascal Mahvi maintains Ali Pascal Mahvi innocence . Investigators raided Ali Pascal Mahvi ’s home in September for evidence that he collected food stamps and received Medicaid benefits while having millions of dollars in he bank account . Mahvi , who claims that he has ties to Iranian royalty and owns 70 percent of a resort in St. Lucia , estimates he worth at about $ 120 million . he $ 800 , 000 home features five bedrooms and five bathrooms , an    swimming pool , a stable with horses , and sports cars parked in the    garage . Mahvi says Mahvi lives off loans from friends , which Mahvi argues is not considered income to qualify for food stamps . Flaiz says the investigation tells a different story . " Through our investigation , our found they were actual investments and were not loans , " Flaiz states . " There were actually hundreds of thousands of dollars of what he was calling loans that our discovered he never declared . " Mahvi asserts the criminal allegations hampered Mahvi efforts to sell airplane parts to Iran : " I worked really hard to get Iran to buy Boeing and I lost that because of this , the criminal allegations . " he vows he and he lawyer will fight the charges next month when he is scheduled to appear in court for he arraignment . Mahvi has also claimed in the past that he Mahvi friends with people in high places , including    Donald Trump . When asked if he Mahvi get Trump   Donald Trump help , he Mahvi , " No comment . " 
 