A close analysis of the transcript of the first presidential debate on Monday night shows that moderator Lester Holt of NBC News asked 15 questions exclusively of Republican nominee Donald Trump , and only 2 questions exclusively of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . [ The analysis , posted on social media and drawing intense attention on Reddit , walks through the entire    exchange and notes Lester Holt asked six questions of both candidates , in addition to Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s 15 and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s two .   Holt , a newcomer to presidential debate moderation , faced intense pressure from the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton campaign and the mainstream media to be tough on Republican nominee Donald Trump . Some explicitly called for Lester Holt to " " Trump   —    the implication being that Republican nominee Donald Trump is more ignorant or dishonest   —    and implied that Republican nominee Donald Trump would face the same fate as NBC ’s Matt Lauer and Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon , both of whom were slammed by liberal media critics for the crime of treating both candidates fairly . Moreover , most of Holt ’s questions prompts were overly friendly to Clinton ’s point of view , while hostile to Trump . In one of the last exchanges of the debate , for example , Holt strongly implied Trump was a sexist when asking about a past criticism Holt had made about Clinton lacking a " presidential look . " Holt also introduced the opening topic of the debate by praising Obama ’s economic performance , ignoring the fact that growth never reached 3 % under Obama Obama labor force participation has fallen . Breitbart News noted that Holt intervened several times to " " Trump   —    often erroneously   —    while never checking Clinton ’s facts , even when she Clinton completely wrong , as in her Clinton that she Clinton never    on the    Partnership . In addition , the Washington Examiner‘s Eddie Scarry notes Holt Holt Trump six    questions , and none of Clinton Clinton leaving Trump Trump to debate the highly anticipated event ’s moderator as well as his Democratic Trump . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 