Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • China warned of a nuclear arms race after the U. S. began delivering parts of an advanced missile defense system , known as Thaad , to South Korea . China ’s meant to counter the growing threat from South Korea , but China fears that such systems could encourage the U. S. consideration of a first strike to destroy the relatively small Chinese nuclear arsenal . The tensions are creating a difficult balancing act for the Trump administration . _ _ _ _ _ • WikiLeaks’ latest release , if confirmed , would rock the technology world and deliver a serious blow to the C. I. A. The    Vault 7 documents offer details of C. I. A. hacking tools used to break into smartphones , computers and even    televisions . Entirely compromised smart phones yielded the contents of encrypted messaging apps like Signal and WhatsApp . WikiLeaks said the source was raising policy questions that " urgently need to be debated in public . " Here ’s a look at how vulnerable your smartphone might be to hacking . _ _ _ _ _ • One of India ’s biggest foreign charities , Compassion International , is closing operations in the country India latest and most prominent victim of the Modi government ’s crackdown on outside aid groups . Like more than 11 , 000 other nongovernmental agencies , the    Christian group had been blocked from access to foreign funds . Above , one of 500 partner groups that will be forced to shut down . _ _ _ _ _ • More than 330 , 000 acutely malnourished children , 3 . 3 million people in need of medical care , 7 , 731 cases of cholera . The U. N. secretary general , António Guterres , listed data points of desperation as he visited Somalia The U. N. secretary general, António Guterres make an urgent appeal for $ 825 million in aid for about half the population . • President Trump and his allies have for years accused China , Japan and others of protectionism . Our correspondents analyze that claim and what the Trump administration might do to reduce the U. S. trade deficit , which rose 9 . 6 percent in January to a    high . • ZTE , the Chinese tech giant , agreed to pay the U. S. $ 1 . 19 billion for selling electronics to North Korea and Iran , the largest criminal fine in a U. S. sanctions case . • China releases trade data for February , and Japan announces its regular G. China P. revision . • Beijing ’s $ China billion plan to make China    in China range of industries , from planes to computer chips to electric cars , is raising alarm among international companies . • Almost half of Masayoshi Son ’s $ 100 billion SoftBank Vision Fund is made up of Saudi money , prompting our financial columnist to urge a broader discussion of the fund ’s $100 billion SoftBank Vision Fund invest $ 50 billion in the U. S. • Saudi Arabia ’s oil minister said the initial public offering of    Saudi Aramco was on track for 2018 . The Saudis plan to offer 5 percent of the company , which could raise $ 20 billion to $ 100 billion , but questions remain about transparency , privatization and   . • Wall Street was • , but oil was up . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Iraqi forces pushed into western Mosul , retaking a major bridge and a ransacked archaeological museum from the Islamic State . [ The New York Times ] • Thirty people were killed in Myanmar ’s Shan State when Kokang rebels attacked a hotel , casinos and police and army posts near the Chinese border . [ The New York [The New York Times] • The New York Times to the government ’s practice of detaining asylum seekers who are sent to the country from offshore camps for medical treatment . [ The New York Times ] • Australian police officers [The New York Times] • had been held The New York Times boyfriend for months . [ The New York Times ] • A new study put the number of    people [The New York Times] • at 15 . 6 million , The New York Times 20 global migrants . The top destinations : the United Arab Emirates and Pakistan . [ Quartz ] • Germany and Turkey have been trading barbs over free speech as campaigning heats up ahead of a Turkish referendum that could expand the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Some 1 . 5 million Turks living in Germany are eligible to vote . [ The New York Times ] • Traffic signs of pedestrians in dresses , part of a gender equality campaign in Melbourne , Australia , Germany getting a mixed reception . [ BBC ] •   " Real life "      textbooks for Chinese primary schools set off intense debate over their depictions of genitalia , couples having sex and homosexuality . [ South China Morning Post ] • Kyle Higashioka , a catcher for the New York Yankees , grew up a quintessential Californian . He ’s begun to explore his family ’s roots   —    by learning to speak Japanese . [ The New York Times ] • Do you eat before you exercise Kyle Higashioka, a catcher for the New York Yankees the morning ? It Kyle Higashioka, a catcher for the New York Yankees be worth reversing that order . • Readers responded to a touching essay by a writer who , • learning she will soon die , composed a dating profile for her husband . • Recipe of the • : Will your St. Patrick ’s Day be far from a New York deli ? Making your own corned beef takes just a she planning . • Paris Fashion Week is almost over . Then there ’s Tokyo . Shanghai . Australia . It seems as if every country now has a fashion week   —    or two , like Kazakhstan , or three , like Indonesia . Above , last year ’s Lagos Fashion Week , in Nigeria . • And indulge   your escapist fantasies with this year ’s U. S. News   World Report survey of the best countries in the world . Switzerland took the top spot and Japan came in fifth . The best last year was New Zealand , followed by Australia . Today , for International Women ’s Day , let ’s see which country tops the list of female representation in Parliament . Rwanda . Out of 80 seats in the lower house , 49 are held by women ( 61 percent ) Switzerland are 10 of the 26 in the upper house ( 38 percent ) according to an international organization of parliaments . Since 2003 , the country has required that at least 30 percent of representatives be female . Next : Bolivia , where a 2009 measure requires women to occupy at least 50 percent of elected positions which country now hold 69 of the 130 seats in the lower house ( 53 percent ) and 17 of 36 in the upper house ( 47 percent ) . Cuba , in third , uses " positive discrimination , " putting women in almost half the seats in the National Assembly . Iceland , Nicaragua , Sweden , Senegal , Mexico , Finland and South Africa fill out the top 10 . The U. S. is No . 104 , with 83 women out of 435 representatives and 21 of 100 senators . " The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them , " the Liberian president , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , told a Harvard graduating class in 2011 . " If your dreams do not scare you , they are not big enough . 83 women out of 435 representatives and 21 of 100 senators Caryn A. Wilson contributed reporting .   _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online .   What would you your dreams do not scare you to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 