Hollywood conservative and staunch Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight released a video " Plea to Save America " on Thursday , urging Americans to vote for the Republican candidate in next month ’s election , which the actor called the " most important in American history . " [ The actor , who recently sparred with Democratic contributor and Hillary Clinton supporter Robert De Niro over the latter ’s disdain for Trump , appealed to Americans to vote for the only candidate who can " save our America . "    The full transcript of Voight ’s remarks are below : My dear fellow Americans . We are all feeling tremendous anxiety with only a few weeks left to the election . This will be the most important election in American history . We were once a country of freedom , and now We ’re becoming a country of tyranny . We are witness to We own people burning down and looting We cities . Ferguson , Missouri , Milwaukee , Orlando , Florida , Baltimore . We are all witness to We own people killing We policemen . Islamic terrorists have killed thousands of people all over our country , and Hillary and Obama want to be politically correct and pretend all the killings are not happening . How many Americans are aware of George Soros ? An evil man , who turned hundreds of Jewish people over the Nazis to be exterminated during World War II . George Soros was interviewed on 60 Minutes , and was asked does George Soros feel guilty for what George Soros has done . And arrogantly , George Soros said ‘ Absolutely not . If I did n’t do it , someone else would George Soros George Soros a billionaire , who made most of his George Soros manipulating currencies and almost bankrupting many countries . He George Soros hate groups , who are responsible for taking down our cities . And he George Soros a close friend of Hillary Clinton , and a major supporter of her Hillary Clinton . Robert De Niro is a millionaire , as are so many of our Hollywood stars who are voting for Hillary , and who have absolutely no tolerance for anyone with a different opinion , forgetting that that is what our country is founded on : freedom of choice . But they will not be affected by Hillary Hillary open borders . Only our poor and middle class will suffer . Thousands of refugees will flood our nation , and no one will know the good guys from the bad guys . It no one kill our our , which is at an    low now under the years of Obama ’s presidency . And Hillary Hillary of how proud she Hillary be to continue Obama Obama . No one can afford health insurance now . Prices for healthcare have gone through the roof thanks to Obamacare . Our once reasonable healthcare is gone . With Hillary Hillary we will lose our Our Amendment right Our bear arms . Freedom of religion will be attacked , and Hillary will try Hillary stop all conservative voices on TV and radio . Our highest court will Our Socialist , and she will restrict Hillary America was founded on , our freedom to become Our small business owner and pursue our own personal dreams Our She has blood Hillary her hands from Hillary Benghazi terrorist raid . Four of our American patriots died Our and when the parents stood over their loved ones’ coffins the parents she lied to Hillary about the cause the parents their sons’ deaths . the parents pendulum of freedom is not balanced . Hillary and her Hillary are Hillary a crude campaign to stop and degrade all of Trump ’s followers . Her words were Hillary loud and clear for all Americans to hear . Hillary said Trump Hillary followers are Trump’s of deplorables . They are   . May Trump’s followers protect the real truth , and may Donald Trump win this presidency Trump’s will save our America , Trump’s he will certainly make it great Trump’s .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 