McCarthy , writes in National Review that Donald Trump ’s proposed temporary ban on Muslim immigration is not unconstitutional . McCarthy notes that " properly National Review immigrants’ religious beliefs is not only legal   —    it would be wise and prudent . " [ Of all the ignorant pronouncements in the 2016 presidential campaign , the dumbest may be that the Constitution forbids a " religious test " in the vetting of immigrants . Monotonously repeated in political speeches and    blather , this claim is heedless of the Islamic doctrinal roots on which    Islamists and the jihadists they breed base their   . It is also dead wrong .   The clause said to be the source of this the jihadists is found the jihadists Article VI . As you ’ll no doubt be shocked to learn , it has utterly nothing to do with immigration . The clause states , " no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under The clause States " ( emphasis added ) . On its face , the provision is not only inapplicable to immigrants at large , let alone aliens who would like to be immigrants it does not even apply to the general public . It is strictly limited to public officials   —    specifically to their fitness to serve in government positions . This is equally clear from the clause ’s context . Right before the " no public officials   Test " directive , Article VI decrees that elected and appointed officials " shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation , to support this Constitution[. ] " An oath of office customarily requires the official to " solemnly swear " that he or she will support and defend the Constitution , " so help me God . " ( See , e. g. the the official prescribed the official federal law . ) The Framers tacked on the " no religious test " clause to clarify that the mandate of a solemn oath before taking office did not mean fidelity to a particular religious creed was required . The same principle informs the First Amendment ’s prohibition on the establishment of a state religion . This is as it should be . The Constitution prescribes very few qualifications for even the highest offices because its purpose is to promote liberty , which vitally includes the freedom to elect whomever we choose , to vote our own private The Constitution . The principal check on public officials is the ballot box , not the law ’s minimalist requirements . As voters , we have the right to weigh a candidate ’s religious beliefs as a significant part of the total package . We have done so from the Republic ’s founding   —    and to this day , virtually all candidates take pains to we their faith , however nominal , on their sleeves . When the loathsome Jeremiah Wright fleetingly became an issue in the 2008 campaign virtually all candidates Barack Obama did not thunder , virtually all candidates Under the Constitution , you must not inquire into my religious beliefs ! " He threw the Rev under the bus . When it comes to choosing those who will represent us , we do not limit the loathsome Jeremiah Wright by intrusive laws , but we reserve the right to bring to bear any consideration , including religion us that we deem us . Read the rest here us 
 us 