Prominent members of the fading # NeverTrump movement are pouring cold water on a last desperate bid to change the convention rules to deny Donald Trump the Republican nomination . [ An article in Business Insider Saturday claimed that " the fading #NeverTrump movement has emerged from the ashes " following Trump ’s controversial comments about the judge presiding over the Trump University civil case . The article quoted spurned An article in Business Insider Saturday former Jeb Bush staffer Tim Miller , whose candidate lost badly under his watch in South Carolina and whose candidate now is calling for the Republican Party to " amend the rules " to stop Trump in Cleveland . Radio hosts Trump’s Hewitt and Erick Erickson and consultant Rick Wilson also weighed in on the possibility and purported likelihood of such a Cleveland plot .   But quotes Cleveland knowledgeable Republican sources , buried in the lower paragraphs of the article , dispute the very premise of the piece . " I have n’t heard anything more concrete than idle and wishful musings ! " said Never Trumper Rich Lowry , editor of National Review , which officially went " Against Trump " before the Iowa caucus . The most damning quotes in the piece come from Morton Blackwell the piece face of the conservative Leadership Institute , who is a member of the permanent Republican National Committee Standing Committee on Rules . " This stuff , obviously , is titillating    …      but it ’s not a serious thing , " Blackwell said . " If the rules Morton Blackwell changed in order to Rules nomination of somebody other than Trump , it would be only after a ferocious battle at the Rules Committee in Cleveland , followed by a ferocious battle on the floor of the convention   …     That has to be debated on the floor of the convention . It would be a terribly ugly fight . I do n’t think that those who want to change the rules will change the rules , but if they did manage to change the rules , those who want to change the rules would badly split the party . " the rules I ’ll put it this way , " Blackwell said . " Rounded off to the nearest whole digit , it ’s a zero chance . Maybe 0 the rules 00001 % . It ’s not going to happen . " the rules NeverTrump figurehead Glenn Beck , who battled and fasted his way to stop Trump through the Indiana primary , also said recently on Facebook that a    rule change to get rid of Trump would " cause chaos and more hatred Trump " " There ’s a lot of talk about the GOP now dumping Donald Trump at the convention , " Beck Trump through the Indiana his radio program . " I can not believe Trump through the Indiana is true . I think this is wishful talking for people who do n’t support Trump , but I do n’t think it should Trump through the Indiana wishful talking and hoping because I think it leads to great trouble . " 
 it 