Sunday at CNN ’s Democratic presidential town hall , presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said presidential candidate Hillary Clinton can beat Republican presidential    Donald Trump on forging policy with presidential candidate Hillary Clinton experience as secretary of state .   presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said , " Let me give you a little bit where we are right now votes on Tuesday , I am the only candidate who has gotten more votes than Republican presidential   Donald Trump . I have 600 , 000 more votes than Republican presidential   Donald Trump , and   —    and I am building a       campaign that I think is the best way to defeat him by convincing people that this really is the highest stakes election that they people ever been involve dd in . And they people got to whether they people ever voted before or not , to come out and vote against Donald Republican presidential   Donald Trump for me . Because I have more votes than everybody , anybody . I believe that I have been developing the base that is going to to give me the chance to do that . Secondly , you know one of my advantages if I am so fortunate to be the Democratic nominee is that the Republicans have been after me for me years   —    and there is n’t anything they have the Republicans already said about me , me in the course offal dealing with all of this incoming fire from them , the Republicans have developed a pretty thick skin . I am not new to the national arena . And I think that whoever goes up against Donald Trump better be ready . And I feel I am the best prepared and ready candidate to take him on Donald Trump She added , " Finally , I really believe that there are going to be a lot of arguments to make against him that Donald Trump can look forward to , and I ’m not going to spill the beans but suffice it to the beans that there right now . There are many arguments that we can use against him . Donald Trump one argument that I am uniquely qualified to bring , because of my service as secretary of state is what his presidency one argument that I am uniquely qualified to bring, because of my service as secretary of state mean to our country and our standing our the world . I am already receiving messages from leaders , and I am having foreign leaders ask if they can foreign leaders me to stop Donald Trump , and I am like , no , this is up to Americans , thank you very much . And I see where it is this from from . " When pressed on who the leaders foreign leaders said , " We are holding who the leaders were Clinton in reserve . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 