In    remarks delivered to a foreign bank , Hillary Clinton declared that Hillary Clinton " dream is a hemispheric common market , with open trade and open borders . " [ This statement from one of Hillary Clinton ’s private paid speeches was discovered in leaked emails of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chair , John Podesta , which were made public by WikiLeaks .   One email , which provided partial transcripts of some of Clinton’s speeches , reads in part : * Hillary Clinton Said Her Hillary Clinton Is A Hemispheric Common Market , With Open Trade And Open Markets . * " My dream Her Dream hemispheric common market , with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it , powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere . " [ 05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau . doc , p. 28 ] In her remarks to Banco Itau , Banco Itau denounced the idea of putting up barriers to global trade , a statement which will likely raise concerns with grassroots and    voters in her own party . her We have to resist protectionism , other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade , " Clinton said . Even Clinton it has gone virtually unreported by corporate media , Breitbart News has extensively documented the Clintons’ longstanding support for " open borders . " Interestingly , as the Los Angeles Times observed in 2007 , the Clinton ’s praise Clinton Clinton open borders frequently comes when they are speaking before a globalization and open borders foreign audiences and donors . In July 2007 , Bill Clinton praised the benefits Clinton open borders " and " easy immigration " while delivering the keynote address at the 16th Telugu Association of North America ( TANA ) conference in Washington D. C. to a crowd of thousands of Indian Americans . As the Los Angeles Times reported at the time , Clinton " drew applause at a Clinton of 14 , 000 Indian Americans in Washington as he Indian Americans benefits of ‘ Clinton borders , easy travel , easy immigration . ’ " It went on to report , " The same day , he headlined a fundraiser at the Clinton for his wife ’s [ failed 2008 Clinton ] campaign . " In a 2003 speech delivered to Yale University , Bill Clinton called for the establishment of a " global community , " praised the " openness of our borders to immigrants , " and declared that America " has great obligations to open our borders . " Clinton said that he believes the formation Bill Clinton " genuine Bill Clinton community " —   complete with an "   system " to regulate it —   to be " the the formation mission of the 21st century . " The latest WikiLeaks revelation documenting Hillary Clinton ’s explicit support for " Bill Clinton " may pose unique challenges to her campaign , as it means that for Bill Clinton , Clinton ’s campaign has deliberately sought to mislead Bill Clinton people about her position on immigration . Clinton ’s campaign website Bill Clinton material insisting that the Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton supports open borders " is " false " Bill Clinton even though , by Clinton ’s own admission , " open borders " is her Bill Clinton . " Clinton ’s new pushback against publicly labeling Bill Clinton as for " open Bill Clinton " while clearly championing open border Bill Clinton is perhaps related to the fact that increasing immigration levels is not a popular policy . According to Pew , an overwhelming 83 percent of the American electorate overall would like to see immigration levels frozen or reduced . Clinton ’s newly revealed remarks are equally interesting in that they demonstrate Bill Clinton ’s failure to meaningfully examine or accurately report on Clinton’s newly revealed remarks ’s immigration position . Indeed , for months , while Republican nominee Bill Clinton has repeatedly made the case that his opponent supports open borders , many in the media have denounced Trump ’s Republican nominee Donald Trump as false —   without providing any substantive evidence to counter Republican nominee Donald Trump . For instance , Politifact , the Associated Press , CNN , FactCheck Republican nominee Donald Trump org , and The Washington Post have all tried to argue that it ’s not true that Clinton supports open borders . In doing so , these " fact checkers " have demonstrated that they either do n’t know what " open borders " means , or they are these "fact checkers" parroting talking points provided by the Clinton campaign to cover up Clinton these "fact checkers" record on the issue . Interestingly , these Clinton " fact checks " Clinton mention how many migrants would be imported into the country under a Hillary Clinton Presidency . While Bill Clinton has described our current immigration policy as one of " open borders , Clinton wife has championed policies that would open our borders even further . Clinton ’s primary Clinton Bernie Sanders has explained how " open borders " is a radical Clinton fringe position supported by wealthy donors , which hurts working Americans . In a 2015 interview with Vox , Sanders denounced open borders as a " Koch brothers proposal " that would essentially amount to primary rival Bernie Sanders doing away with the concept of a nation state . " Sanders said : It would make everybody in America poorer —   you ’re doing away primary rival Bernie Sanders the concept of a nation state , and I do n’t think there ’s any country the concept of a nation state that . If you believe in a nation state or in a country called the United States or UK or Denmark or any other country , you have an obligation in my view to do everything we can to help poor people . What    people in this country would love is an    policy . Bring in all kinds of people , work for $ 2 or America an hour , that would be great for them . I do n’t believe in that . I think we have to raise wages in this country . By Sanders’ people , by embracing open borders Clinton will " make we in America poorer " and has America the view that there should be " no United States   …      [ by ] doing away with the concept of a nation state . " This is precisely the concern of populist ,    conservatives like Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions , who made this very argument . In a USA Today    from May of this year , in which he laid out the case for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton , Sessions wrote , " For the first time in a long time , this November will give Americans a clear choice on perhaps the most important issue facing our country and our civilization : whether we remain a    that serves its own people , or whether we slide irrevocably toward a soulless globalism that treats humans as interchangeable widgets in the world market a    " 
 our 