On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily , broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern , Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow will continue our analysis of the election of    Donald Trump , the progress of Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow transition team , and   Donald Trump ’s policy vision . [ Peter Schweizer   —    author of the bestselling book Clinton Cash , which is the basis of the documentary film and graphic novel of the same name   —    will discuss the reports that the Trump administration does n’t wish to pursue any charges against Hillary Clinton . Peter Schweizer   will also discuss Peter Schweizer   recent comments urging Trump to fully divest from Peter Schweizer   business holdings in order to avoid the same kinds of foreign government influence peddling that plagued the Clinton Foundation .   Former UN Ambassador John Bolton will discuss Former UN Ambassador John Bolton latest    for the American Enterprise Institute seizing the opportunity to " reform unwieldy international bodies " like the United Nations and Nato . Former UN Ambassador John Bolton ’ll also discuss the new UN Secretary General ’s comments about politicians ignoring " the losers of globalization . " Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy will discuss Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy latest Breitbart   . Veteran pollster Pat Caddell will continue Veteran pollster Pat Caddell    analysis for us . Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak and Matthew Boyle will discuss Trump ’s meeting on Tuesday with the New York Times and a disturbing incident on CNN smearing Steve Bannon and Breitbart News . Live from London , Rome , and Jerusalem , Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news . Breitbart News Daily is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show " . Listeners may call into the the show " :    . 
 