NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana   —    During a demonstration on the Tulane University campus , protesters largely from social justice organizations demanded white students be held accountable for perceived racism on campus . [ With chants like " White silence is violence , " social justice warriors marched across Tulane campus holding signs reading " White students : No one has to do everything , everyone has to do something , " claiming everyone campus was full of racism , according to the Tulane Hullabaloo .   The student newspaper reported that the demonstration was " in response to a lack of action from Tulane " regarding racism on campus , but did not cite any specific incidents . Roughly 10 organizations promoting multiculturalism demanded " accountability from white students in regards to deconstructing the racism on Tulane ’s campus , " the Tulane Hullabaloo reported . The the Tulane Hullabaloo Hullabaloo such racism at Tulane impacted the " personal safety and human rights , " but did not cite any reports of violence against minority students on campus . Student speaks about the importance of The O pic . twitter .    —    Hullabaloo News ( @hullnewsTU ) November 14 , 2016 ,   " We no longer have room to be silent . We no We have room to not unite . " pic . twitter .    —    —   Hullabaloo News ( November 14 , 2016 @hullnewsTU) " What do we want ? Accountability . When do We want it ? Now ! " We . twitter .    —    Hullabaloo News ( @hullnewsTU —   Hullabaloo News ( ,   Protester went on @hullnewsTU) the Hullabaloo that Tulane is " dangerous " in its dealings with minority students . " There have been so many Tulane of    and    against us on this campus , " Students Organizing Against Racism    and News Editor for the Hullabaloo Canela Lopez said . " Anywhere from students wondering what sport we play to be at Tulane to assuming we ca n’t speak English properly to outright hate crimes    … we We are unsafe , " Lopez told the Hullabaloo . Khristyan Trejo we the Generating Excellence Now the Hullabaloo Canela Lopez the Hullabaloo there was " violence happening " on the campus , the Hullabaloo the Hullabaloo examples . " [ The aministration is ] complicit because there ’s violence happening , " Trejo told the Hullabaloo . " The message Tulane ’s administration is sending Khristyan Trejo they the Hullabaloo care about students of color until things get ugly . " ’s administration Muslim student at the protest , Haneen Islam , said she did not " feel safe " on the campus , saying " I A Muslim student at the protest, Haneen Islam to f*cking strut down this campus wearing a hijab and feel proud , " according to the Hullabaloo the campus the middle of the protests ,    Tulane students from the Hullabaloo dorm interrupted by chanting through a megaphone " Go Trump " and telling the protesters to " go to class . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 