On Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow , Dr. Sebastian Gorka said , " All of the attacks over the weekend , all three of the attacks over the weekend , and the detonation of a backpack that we had just now , is part and parcel of the new jihadi tactic that we ’ve seen in the last two years . " [ Gorka added :   ISIS has encouraged , since ISIS declared the Caliphate , the use of classic guerilla warfare . ISIS ’s not like   . ISIS ’s not about giant spectacle . ISIS ’s not     attacks . ISIS ’s cheap ,      return .   We have seen , literally , scores of knife attacks in Israel since September . scores of knife attacks in Israel since September ’ve taken a leaf out of the Palestinian playbook . We ’ve seen the attack , the murder of the French priest . We ’ve seen the lorry attack , the truck attack in Nice , France .   These are all very , very simple to do , and the ISIS mantra , from These magazine Dabiq , has been clear : look for high concentrations of unarmed civilians . What did We see ? We see a food court in St. Cloud . We see in New Jersey a Marine Corps    run . If those pipe bombs had detonated when the runners were going past   —    by the grace of God , the runners had been delayed at the registration desk   —    those pipe bombs had detonated when the runners were going past  —   by the grace of God would have made the weekend ’s events much worse . Another bit of " connective tissue " between these terror attacks highlighted by Gorka was the use of    bombs , similar to those favored by the Tsarnaev brothers in Boston . " A lot of people miss the fact that when they A lot of people being chased by the police , after the marathon attack , they A lot of people used pipe bombs , " he added . " They A lot of people pipe bombs at the police officers that were trying to neutralize them A lot of people " " Anybody who says they A lot of people surprised by what happened over the weekend has been asleep for the last two years , " he he . Marlow trenchantly noted that Hillary Clinton seemed to have literally been asleep during the latest round of terror attacks : " sleepwalking through it , she Hillary Clinton barely keep her Hillary Clinton open as she Hillary Clinton declares it it bombing and then condemns Donald Trump for using the word ‘ bomb . ’ " Gorka addressed Marlow Marlow point about the danger of Americans growing accustomed to terrorist atrocities : Let ’s just look at the numbers . Three attacks , okay ? Eleven devices . There were five that were found in a backpack just last night . There were four only one detonated in New Jersey . Then we have the two    bombs , and on top of that , we we the knife attack . This is the kind of density of attack and devices that we recall from the Cold War . This is like the IRA period . The the Cold War real , and the war the Cold War at America ’s shores , and I think it makes the the Cold War decision all the more a decision about which candidate you think is going to be the more effective     who takes this war seriously the Cold War who does n’t have just incredible gaffes , like Johnson , or just complete    oxymoronic statements , such as Secretary Clinton ? Gorka said there are two big reasons the Left is more obsessed with policing language than stopping terrorism : Number one , if they admit this is Number one jihadi threat coming from Arab or Muslim communities or Egypt , then the whole multicultural narrative is proven to be bankrupt . Number one is this huge failure , for the last 30 years , of politically correct multicultural narratives . And secondly , the other reason the administration , and people like Secretary Clinton , have to deny the reality of the escalating threat is the natural conclusion everybody will draw . So what does that mean about the last      years of your counterterrorism policy ? It means it is that utter that abject failure .   Dr. Sebastian Gorka is the National Security Editor for Breitbart News , and the author of the    book Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 