SALT LAKE CITY   —    From the moment the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010 , most elected officials in this sturdily Republican state have been eager to squash SALT LAKE CITY  —    . But something surprising is happening here . Despite deep uncertainty about the law ’s future , Utah recorded one of the biggest increases of any state in residents who signed up for coverage under the Affordable Care Act this year . Now , the this sturdily Republican state seeing a surprising burst of activism against repealing the law the law including from Republicans . " I ’m naturally a really quiet person , but if I sit and do nothing and they take it away , how can I live with that ? " asked Kim Nelson , 54 , a Republican    teacher who buys coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace and was recently treated for breast cancer . She has been calling Kim Nelson, 54, a Republican   teacher who buys coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace and was recently treated for breast cancer writing her congresswoman . Many Kim Nelson, 54, a Republican   teacher who buys coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace and was recently treated for breast cancer residents still detest the law , but the activity here , and in other politically conservative states , highlights the challenges Republicans and the White House face as they struggle to come Many Utah residents with a palatable replacement . When Representative Chris Stewart spoke with constituents by videoconference on Wednesday , a woman , who said she had gotten insurance Representative Chris Stewart the first time in her life through the Representative Chris Stewart , asked , " Poor people need it and you ’re against it   —    it ? " Congressional offices have been bombarded with calls , emails and social media messages , including from some constituents who had never been moved to contact them before . " Congressional offices this is something that ’s unusual in Utah , " said Jason Stevenson , who is the education and communications director at the Utah Health Policy Project , a research group that has a federal grant to help people enroll in marketplace coverage . He said he had noticed a He in attitudes and energy . Concerned House and Senate aides have reached out to Mr. Stevenson ’s group in recent weeks , he said , to He meetings and detailed information about enrollment trends here and how various Republican proposals , like    pools for people with    medical conditions ,    work . In the past , he added , " He really had to push " to get their attention . " I would say the phone calls are rattling them , " he the phone calls . Many He of the insurance exchanges here are young ,    families who rely on marketplace plans because they are    or Many customers of the insurance exchanges here , or they can not afford Many customers of the insurance exchanges here coverage offered through their jobs , Mr. Many customers of the insurance exchanges here said . Other marketplace customers , like Ms. Nelson , took jobs that do not offer health insurance because they could get coverage jobs that do not offer health insurance the Affordable Care Act . Ms. Nelson said the Ms. Nelson allowed her to work at a Ms. Nelson she loved , at a Ms. Nelson private school . She has called and written Ms. Nelson Mia Love , the Republican who represents her district , because she Ms. Nelson afraid she will Ms. Nelson to change Ms. Nelson if the law is repealed . Catie Weimer , a record store employee in Salt Lake City who was given a diagnosis of narcolepsy after getting a subsidized marketplace plan last year , said she had joined a group Ms. Nelson Utahns Speak Out , which she found on Facebook , Ms. Nelson she grew increasingly anxious about Ms. Nelson prospect of losing her insurance . Now Ms. Ms. Nelson , who is 30 and said she had voted for Hillary Ms. Nelson , is helping administer the group ’s Facebook page and helped plan Facebook " Utah Town Hall for All " last weekend . Every member of the Utah delegation was invited , but none attended . The health law is by no means perfect in Ms. Weimer ’s mind even with a subsidy , her monthly premium jumped to Ms. Weimer’s 95 this year , from $ 47 , and she has a $ 2 Ms. Weimer’s 500 deductible . Her insurer , Molina Health Ms. Weimer’s has refused to pay for a drug , Xyrem , that helps her function , so she Ms. Weimer’s it through a Ms. Weimer’s program her function Still , she said , she would Ms. Weimer’s no diagnosis Ms. Weimer’s access to specialists without her coverage . " I Ms. Weimer’s Orrin Hatch , but I did n’t even know the name of my other senator before this , " Ms. Weimer said , referring to Senator Mike Lee , like Mr. Hatch a Republican . She said she had called Ms. Weimer’s offices Ms. Weimer’s in recent weeks , adding , " The threat of something this bad was n’t ever there before . " Many Utah voters were deeply uncomfortable with President Trump ’s candidacy , though he still won the state President Trump’s 45 percent of the vote compared with 27 percent for Mrs. Clinton and 21 percent for Evan McMullin , a conservative Mr. McMullin divorced mother of two who works three    jobs , none of which offers health insurance , said she had voted for Mr. Mrs. Clinton as part of " this movement in Utah of people who had a hard time completely putting themselves behind either Trump or Hillary . " But now , she said , with Mary Wood, a divorced mother of two who works three   jobs, none of which offers health insurance Mrs. Clinton pushing for a repeal of the health law and for other policies she Trump her vote Mrs. Clinton " one Mrs. Clinton the biggest regrets of my life . " She pays $ 75 a Mrs. Clinton for a plan that covers her family of three , Mrs. Clinton a subsidy of $ 558 and worries about the type of replacement that was laid out in a draft bill recently published by Politico . That plan would provide    tax credits that would be most generous for older people Ms. a plan that covers her family of three 39 , fears it would provide her with far less financial Mrs. Clinton than the    subsidies she gets through the a plan that covers her family of three Mrs. Clinton Act . " I tried to call Orrin Hatch , and his voice mail box was full , " she said . " I Mrs. Clinton have told him Orrin Hatch ‘ Look , this is going to personally affect me and my children , if Orrin Hatch repeal the A. C. A. ’ " In a statement , Mr. Hatch said the law was " imploding from within , " adding , " I ’ve Orrin Hatch Utahns from all over the state and from all walks of life , and the vast majority favor our efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare with    reforms that lower costs . " Although much of the support for the health law here appears rooted in Salt Lake County , which is far more liberal than most the law for Mrs. Clinton in November , resistance to repeal also appears strong in regions where a lot of people work seasonal jobs in tourism and recreation and rely on the individual market for health coverage . " Due to    demand , it was like ‘ The Walking Dead’ coming out of the woodwork , seeking cures , " said Charles Kulander , an insurance broker in Moab , describing the demand for coverage after the marketplace opened in 2013 . Frustration with the law in Moab , he said , is focused on the state ’s refusal to expand Medicaid to adults earning up to 138 Moab of Frustration with the law in Moab poverty level , as the health law allowed , and the fact that federal premium subsidies are available only to people earning up to 400 percent of the poverty level . As in all 19 of the states that have not expanded Medicaid , tens of thousands of people in Utah are stuck in a coverage gap , eligible for neither Medicaid nor Medicaid assistance under the law . Many still rely on charity care offered by places like the Volunteer Care Medicaid , a busy free clinic run by doctors and nurses in Provo two nights a week . Even the most conservative parts of the state have residents who have benefited from the law or know someone who has . When The New York Times Utah readers to share their experiences , hundreds the law out the online questionnaire said they wanted the law to survive . Many came from Republican strongholds Utah readers Utah County , home of Provo , where only 14 hundreds who filled out the online questionnaire of the law Mrs. Clinton last fall . A healthy minority of respondents said they opposed the law and wanted it repealed , usually citing high costs and few choices for coverage . Three insurers are participating in A healthy minority of respondents marketplace the law year , but the law counties have only one . Premiums for midlevel plans rose here by 20 percent on average this year , with higher increases in rural areas , but about 85 percent of marketplace customers qualify for subsidies to help with the cost this year substantially . Enrollment here grew by 12 . 3 percent to 197 , 187 this year , a time when nationwide enrollment dipped slightly , according to preliminary federal data . And the gains were not concentrated in    parts this year state : Utah County , where nearly 60 percent of voters are Republican , experienced a 26 . 7 percent enrollment increase through the end of December , Mr. Stevenson said , Mr. Stevenson Lake County ’s enrollment grew by only 2 . 3 percent . Still , many Utah residents buy insurance outside the marketplace and receive no subsidy , usually because their incomes are too high to qualify . Mike Robertson , who Utah in Orem with his wife and three children , said he had switched plans this many Utah residents to avoid a 66 percent increase in premium costs but still paid $ 1 , 200 a month for a family plan his no subsidy . this year n’t feel like insurance . Feels like punishment , " he said . Ms. Nelson said some of her Ms. Nelson and relatives’ opposition to Ms. Nelson law softened when they realized she was benefiting from it . " Ms. Nelson people his said , ‘ You know , Kim , you make us feel better about A. C. A. , friends’ and relatives’ " she said . " They look at me and think , ‘ She used to be a runner . She Some people drank or smoked , but you know what , Kim got breast cancer Some people ’ " Kim Kim Kim Kim 