Sen. Ted Cruz hit the campaign trail in both Pennsylvania and Indiana on Saturday bringing Sen. Ted Cruz campaign message to Pittsburgh , Plainfield and Indianapolis with a new joke based on Trump ’s criticism of North Carolina ’s new transgender bathroom law . [ At Sen. Ted Cruz ’s Saturday evening rally at the Boone County Fairground in Indianapolis Sen. Ted Cruz joked : " Even if Trump’s dresses up as Hillary Clinton , he Trump’s n’t be usin’ the girls restroom . "   Sen. Ted Cruz started on with Sen. Ted Cruz speech , " The third critical issue on this election   …     " then stopped to revisit the joke . By the way , I apologize for that image , it that image going to haunt you at night as you sleep . Donald in a bright blue pants suit . But let me just say , to Jimmy Fallon and the Tonight Show , please give us that that image The crowd erupted with laughter . " I ’m gon na stop goin’ down this road , " Cruz remarked .   He carried goin’ with the remainder of his stump goin’ to the Indianapolis The crowd Thursday Trump told NBC ’s Today Show viewers , " North Carolina did something   —    it was very strong   —    and they ’re paying a    price , " then argued , " Leave it the way it it . " it added , " Trump has been so little trouble . And the problem with what happened in North Carolina is the North Carolina the economic   —    I mean , the economic punishment that they ’re taking . " Cruz accused Trump of joining the Trump police " in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News on Friday . " This is political correctness on steroids . It is basic common sense that This grown adult man , a stranger , should not be alone in a restroom with little girls . As a father of two young daughters , I can say unequivocally that ’s a terrible idea . That is not a matter of right versus left or Democrat versus Republican . It ’s a matter of common sense . " Cruz also said Saturday : . @tedcruz : " The media says the most pressing issue in the world is whether a man dressed as a woman can enter a women ’s restroom . "     —    Jessica Hopper ( @jesshop23 ) April 23 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz : " When I think @tedcruz the great pressing challenges of the day that does not rise high to the list . " ( )   —    Jessica Hopper ( @jesshop23 ) April 23 , 2016 ,   Indiana ’s primary contest will be held in just over a week on May 3 . Both Trump and Cruz have appeared in skits on former SNL cast member Jimmy Fallon ’s late night show . Fallon himself has impersonated Trump . former SNL cast member Jimmy Fallon Michelle Moons Trump Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 