    Donald Glover made reference to the death of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump while fielding questions from reporters Tuesday about    Donald Glover departure from the television series Community , saying that creative content should have " death clauses " like human beings . [    Donald Glover played Troy Barnes on the hit NBC comedy from 2009 to 2014 , but left the show rather abruptly before filming began for the sixth and final season . Speaking about    Donald Glover departure from the    comedy ,    Donald Glover said , " I just like endings . "   " I think every thing should have death clauses . Thank God , one day Trump is gon na die . That is guaranteed . That is awesome , "    Donald Glover said , according to The Hollywood Reporter . " It ’s important that things end and    …      I ’m glad things end because it forces things to progress . I get really frustrated in the world because I see a lot of things that could be better but are n’t better because things have n’t died yet . "    Donald Glover ’s comments came during a discussion at the Television Critics Association press tour to promote    Donald Glover new show Atlanta , set to premiere on FX next month . The new comedy sees Glover , who created and executive produced his new show Atlanta , as " ‘ Earnest ‘ Earn’ Marks , " a college    who attempts to guide his estranged cousin through the perils of rap superstardom . " The thesis with the his new show Atlanta kind of to show people how it felt his new show Atlanta be black , " Glover , who raps under the pseudonym Childish Gambino , told reporters . " What was important to me was that this show his new show Atlanta and had a specific take , because that ’s all you can really ask for from a show nowadays , is having a specific point of view on something . " The first promotional footage for Atlanta was released last month .   Glover says the show will his new show Atlanta somewhat dark , wistful tone that he hopes will add Glover the current conversation about racial prejudice in America . " People can get shot and die and you actually care about these characters . " Glover said of the Glover . " his new show Atlanta want people to be scared , because that ’s kind of how it feels to be black . " The     actor , who was hired at 21 as a writer for the NBC comedy series 30 Rock , is also releasing a new album in September . In June of 2016 , Glover was cast in Marvel Glover ’s   : Homecoming . Although Glover ’s role in the Glover superhero film is not known , filming is currently underway in Atlanta , Georgia .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 