On Friday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " Rachel Maddow Show , " former CBS anchor Dan Rather stated David Bossie ’s appointment as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s Deputy Campaign Manager " has to be a great concern for the Clinton camp . "   Rather said , " Well , with David Bossie’s becoming a major character , this has to be a great concern for the Clinton the Clinton camp guy David Bossie’s professional political hitman , and he ’s very David Bossie’s at doing it . And I ’ve been saying for some time this campaign is going to be as nasty as a frat house bathroom on New Year ’s Eve , and here ’s further proof positive . But the Trump forces and Trump himself , they feel that they ’re the Trump forces and Trump himself , and the Trump forces and Trump himself polls indicate that . The Clinton polls have been inching backwards , and the Trump polls have been sort of surging forward , and I think they see a real chance the Trump polls score here . They think a combination of the Trump polls emails , the Clinton foundation , the global Clinton   —    the Clinton Global Initiative , and Clinton any dirt they can get . you the Trump polls going to see more of this as they go . and by the Trump polls way , i think this ups the ante for the coming debates . There are going to be three presidential debates , and this raises the stakes in those debates . " Rather later commented on Bossie ’s , Kellyanne Conway ’s and Breitbart News executive chairman , Stephen K. Bannon ties with Robert Mercer . He stated that Mercer wants Stephen K. Bannon power of Robert Mercer a " . " He continued , " And Stephen K. Bannon you ask yourself , what was Donald Trump thinking when he delivered that speech in Stephen K. Bannon ? Remember , after he met the Mexican president Stephen K. Bannon which was a hellish mix of   …     venom , and was one of those things that ran counter to his effort to convince white Stephen K. Bannon , which is basically what his campaign is aimed at Stephen K. Bannon now , white suburbanites , to get them to accept the fact white suburbanites well , I ’m an okay guy . I ’m not a bigot . ’m ’m not a racist . ’m know , I am of presidential temper . Well , he was making some headway Stephen K. Bannon that , and then he delivers this Arizona speech Stephen K. Bannon I did n’t understand it then , I do this Arizona speech understand it now as a campaign this Arizona speech . " Rather concluded , " [ T]he Clinton people , they should be worried , T]he Clinton people Donald Trump has stayed on the offensive all the way through the campaign   —    since he won the primaries , Donald Trump the Clintons have been basically on the defensive . Placed on the defensive again today about the defensive . And by the way , you heard it here first if it happens . I would not it surprised to see the Clintons announce at some the Clintons the global initiative , the big Clinton affair , in September , that this September will be the last time that they hold that . They have n’t announced it yet , they I would n’t be surprised to see them do it , because they ’re they so it heat from they and the emails . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 