The Kappa Alpha fraternity at Tulane University , Andrew Breitbart ’s alma mater , sparked outrage this week after The Kappa Alpha fraternity at Tulane University, Andrew Breitbart’s alma mater erected a wall made out of sandbags with the words " Make America Great Again " emblazoned across a wall made out of sandbags with the words "Make America Great . [ Building a wall around a wall made out of sandbags with the words "Make America Great private property is a    tradition of the local chapter , however a wall made out of sandbags with the words "Make America Great has now come under fire for what some students deemed as ‘ messages of hate and ignorance.’   a wall around its private property has now been torn down . A video posted on YouTube shows people , allegedly footballer players at the university , tossing the sandbags aside as one member protests , " This is a private property . " " These connotations most directly mocked the experiences of Latino immigrants and workers throughout our nation , " a Facebook post from a member of Tulane ’s Generating Excellence Now   Tomorrow in Education ( GENTE ) a group described as " geared towards creating a more welcoming environment both socially and academically for students at Tulane Tulane " declared . " By writing Trump in large , red letters across the ‘ wall,’ KA changed what was a tradition of building a wall into a tradition of constructing a border , symbolizing separation and xenophobia , " she continued . " This issue not only affects Latinos but all other marginalized immigrant groups in this country . " " Our chapter takes KA ’s values of gentlemanly conduct very seriously . This respect extends to every student of Tulane and every member of the broader community , " the statement said . " The comment was written on a makeshift wall on our private property , normally used for a game of capture the flag , to mock the ideologies of a political candidate . " Tulane University said in a statement that it Tulane University encourages and supports the free exchange of ideas and opinions , " but the fraternity ’s actions " sparked a visceral reaction in the context of a very heated and divisive political season . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him Ben Kew ben@yiannopoulos . net 
 