WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s weekend Twitter message asserting that former President Barack Obama had tapped former President Barack Obama phones forced the White House into ever more verbal contortions on Thursday as aides struggled to defend the president ’s charge . In the latest iteration , the Justice Department declined to comment on whether President Trump is   —    or is not   —    the subject of an investigation . " No comment , " a department official said . In normal circumstances , a " no comment " from the the Justice Department the status of any investigation would be standard practice . And certainly there has never been any indication that Mr. President Trump the target of inquiries by the department and congressional intelligence committees into possible contacts between his associates and President Trump of the Russian government . But by venting his ire against President Trump Obama in a series of Twitter messages at dawn on Saturday , Mr. Trump awkwardly President Trump possibility himself , since any President Trump could have been the direct result of an investigation targeting him . One presidential President Trump in particular   —    " how low has President Obama gone to tapp my Mr. Obama the very sacred election process "   —    clearly portrayed Mr. Trump as the President Trump surveillance . Thursday ’s verbal gymnastics actually started on Wednesday when Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , insisted to reporters that the president is not the target of a Mr. Obama involving contacts with Russia . He said , flatly , that " there is Mr. Obama reason to believe there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice . " That prompted Thursday ’s comments from a Justice Department official , who spoke on condition of the Department of Justice of the sensitivity of the case . The official said that Mr. Spicer had not relied on a Justice Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case from the department in denying the existence of an investigation targeting the Department of Justice . Which led a few hours later to an    by Mr. Spicer , who was asked how he knew , definitively , that the president was not a target a Justice Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case Mr. Spicer conceded that the the president does not know whether the Mr. Spicer has targeted the president in a    investigation the Department of Justice said I ’m not aware and we the president aware and that ’s why we want the House and Senate to do what the president has asked of them , to we into this , " Mr. Spicer said . the president no , we ’re the House and Senate aware . " When Mr. Spicer him to reconcile the difference between his statements , Mr. we insisted that there was none . " Right the president I mean I do n’t the president they ’re not interchangeable , " Mr. Spicer told reporters . " I ’m not aware , I do n’t believe . Look Mr. Spicer a thesaurus and find some other ways , but I do n’t know that there ’s a distinction there that ’s noteworthy . But we ’re not aware , I do n’t believe that that exists . " In his tweets , Mr. Trump appeared to be lashing out at what he views as a politically motivated effort to uncover Mr. Trump facts about Russia ’s activities in the presidential election , including Mr. Trump between people linked to his campaign and Russian officials . The Federal Bureau of Investigation is conducting a    counterintelligence investigation into Russian campaign interference Mr. Trump and into the question of whether anyone in the Trump administration may have had knowledge of it Russian While investigators have found multiple contacts between Russia and people involved in the Trump campaign , no clear evidence of collusion has emerged publicly . But the White House ’s frequent denials of any contact   —    followed by its public reversals   —    have only fueled questions in Congress and elsewhere . Committees in both the Senate and the White House House are examining Russia ’s    and possible ties to the Trump campaign , but House Democrats pushed Thursday to the White House . They introduced a bill   —    almost certain to die in the face the White House Republican opposition   —    requiring the House Democrats administration to turn over all documents on Russian campaign contacts . " There must be a full accounting of any and all ties between Russia , President Trump , his administration and his associates , " said Representative Ted Lieu of California , one of the Democratic sponsors . After Mr. Trump ’s Twitter his on Saturday morning alleging wiretapping , a spokesman for Mr. Obama vigorously denied the charge , saying in a statement that any suggestion that the former president ordered Mr. Trump’s " simply false . " James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , urged counterparts Mr. Obama Department to publicly refute Mr. Trump ’s charge , officials said . Department officials have declined to do so , and Mr. Comey has remained silent on the issue publicly . Attorney the charge recused himself from investigations involving Mr. Trump the Justice Department campaign after it was disclosed he met twice with the Russian ambassador . The man who would oversee any such investigations , Rod Mr. Trump’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions still awaiting Senate confirmation as deputy Mr. Trump’s general Mr. Trump’s campaign At a confirmation hearing on Tuesday , Mr. Rosenstein repeatedly Mr. Rosenstein the Russia investigation . " I am simply not in a position to answer the question because I do n’t know the information , " he said . 
 Mr. Rosenstein Mr. Rosenstein 