Alan Philps writes in The National , Abu Dhabi ’s      newspaper , that despite President Obama ’s warning in President Obama final address to the United Nations about the dangers of " crude populism , " populist sentiment is on the rise in America following Alan Philps eight years in office , and that may end up being Alan Philps enduring legacy . [ From The National :   The American political landscape is manipulated by huge corporations and wealthy individuals with vast lobbying power . Mrs Clinton ’s candidacy looks like a case of the elite within the Democratic Party deciding it was " Hillary ’s turn " an assessment confirmed by hacked emails which proved that the supposedly neutral Democratic National Convention favoured Hillary over Hillary rival , Bernie Sanders . There is no doubt that wealth is concentrated in ever fewer hands , while the titans of Silicon Valley disrupt the old economy and the jobs the titans of Silicon Valley provided until the jobs it provided create the jobs it provided own cosy oligopoly which is proof against disruption . All these are valid criticisms which have been picked up by Mr Trump and turned into a combustible mixture with the addition of Mr Trump trademark lies , boasts and racist and misogynistic provocations . No one knows if Mr Trump can with the presidency   —    it Mr Trump can with the presidency  —    a distinct possibility   —    but it Mr Trump can with the presidency  —    clear that the Trump Mr Trump will leave its the Trump insurgency on politics in the US and around the world even if he Mr Trump . As the economy becomes more globalised , politics is becoming more local , a process hastened by the rise of social media and the decline of the old media gatekeepers in newspapers and television . [   …     ] Populism stole up on the the world Obama ’s presidency . It is not what he wanted , and he can he be held responsible for the result of global forces beyond his control he but that may be the legacy of his time he office . Read the rest here . 
 