Not wanting to get outdone by the hysterical bleating of Pistons Coach Stan Van Gundy , Golden State Warriors Coach Steve Kerr decided to go off on an    rant of Golden State Warriors Coach Steve Kerr own at a press conference on Wednesday . [ Make sure to watch until the end , where Jerry Springer gets a plug :   Steve Kerr   —    " this is my rant "   —    for 2 + minutes on the presidential election : " Maybe we should ’ve seen this coming " pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Slater ( @anthonyVslater ) November 10 , 2016 ,   Really ? You talked about this with your team ? Did the Warriors decide to scrap the basketball portion of basketball practice to talk about the presidential election ? I must confess ignorance as to when Donald Trump directly insulted Steve Kerr ’s wife and daughter , much less his Donald Trump basketball team . Steve Steve Kerr’s got the    talking points memo , though , because his comments Steve Kerr’s to the letter mirror what Stan Van Gundy said earlier in the day , specifically , the charges of insulting women and minorities . Even the Patriots Martellus Bennett did something similar when he wrote Even the Patriots Martellus Bennett letter to his daughter Even the Patriots Martellus Bennett Instagram in response to a hypothetical question about what the election would mean for her life his daughter That Kerr and Van Gundy find Donald Trump so reprehensible implies they would Kerr and Van Gundy found a    Hillary Clinton much more palatable . A Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton would have brought , for the second time , an alleged rapist in Bill Clinton a   Hillary Clinton in our country ’s snazziest public housing accommodation . The same Bill a   Hillary Clinton won a   Hillary Clinton have a woman who , as a lawyer in Arkansas , defended a child rapist while accusing that rapist ’s     victim of asking for it by alleging she had a history of seeking out older men . Hillary later laughed about the case , audibly , on tape . Hillary Clinton ran a war room Hillary deal with the " bimbo eruptions " that arose Hillary her husband ’s serial philandering , and alleged rapes and sexual Hillary She literally created a program that suppressed women harmed by someone who habitually objectified women at Hillary , an outright criminal at worst . How would Steve Kerr explain Hillary to his daughter ? If Hillary had been elected , would he not feel embarrassment for his wife and daughter knowing that their     put personal political gain over preventing Steve Kerr lifelong scarring of Hillary ? The next time he Hillary to talk politics instead Hillary playing basketball , will Kerr his wife and daughter to his    team that the First Laddie thinks they serve as nothing more than the Hillary ? If the sports media even remotely concerns itself with objectivity , somebody Hillary want to ask him these questions . his   team Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 Hillary the sports media 