Fiction author Brad Thor denied that Fiction author Brad Thor was referring to an assassination attempt on Donald Trump in Fiction author Brad Thor controversial recent comments on Glenn Beck ’s radio program . [ The Blaze reported Tuesday :   In a comment to TheBlaze , Thor , who previously called on people to pray for Donald Trump safety , said he Donald Trump discussing a " hypothetical America under a dictator , " reiterating that he Donald Trump not referring to an " assassination " in his Donald Trump . " What happens if a president suspends the Constitution and Congress does nothing ? " Thor asked . " Safeguarding the Republic against despotism is a topic of conversation that dates back to the Founders . " Offering additional clarification about his Thor comments , Thor Thor , " If we had to unseat a president without the backing of the Congress , we we need a patriot along the lines of George Washington to lead the the Republic tyranny back to liberty . " SiriusXM has suspended Glenn Beck from his morning Glenn Beck slot on the cable radio giant over Thor Thor in a Beck interview . Glenn Beck is what Thor said Thor Beck on air Glenn Beck week about Trump : THOR : Thor is a Glenn Beck to America and I got to ask you a question and this is serious and this could ring down incredible heat on me because I ’m about to suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping Trump: THOR authority as Trump: THOR ? If Congress wo n’t remove Congress from office , what patriot will step up and do that if , if , he oversteps his mandate him president him his    authority , him should say , as president . If he oversteps that , him do we get him out of office him And I do n’t think there is a legal means available . I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it through Congress . Trump : I would agree with you on that and I do n’t think you actually have the voices we ’ve been talking about and we ’ve been talking we this    for a while . I think the voices like ours go away . I do n’t think we are allowed   we    especially if things , and I believe the economy is going to go to crap , even if Jesus was in office . It ’s going to the economy reset . It has to . the economy   Schuster , which is publishing Thor ’s latest book through its subsidiary Atria Books the economy did not immediately return a request for comment about Thor ’s remarks and Thor’s latest book tour will Thor’s forward as planned this summer . 
 