Thursday on " CBS This Morning , " former " Daily Show " host Jon Stewart offered " former "Daily Show" host Jon Stewart reactions to last week ’s presidential election victory by Donald Trump .   While " former "Daily Show" host Jon Stewart had some question about Donald Trump , " former "Daily Show" host Jon Stewart also had criticisms for Donald Trump detractors , regarding their Trump’s detractors of American history and hypocrisy when it comes to Trump Donald Trump . When asked by host Charlie Rose if now was the time to have a conversation about " who we are " as a country , Stewart said " absolutely " and that he Stewart rather have the conversation openly than in " dog whistles . " " I would rather have this the conversation openly than in "dog whistles and honestly than in dog whistles , " Stewart Stewart . " You know , somebody was saying , ‘ There might be an    that is working in the White House.’ I was like , have you listened to the Nixon tapes ? Like , forget about advising the president   —    the president . Like , have you read LBJ ? Do you know our history ? " He criticized those quick to attack Trump voters as racist , pointing out that to do so would be creating Trump voters Trump a " monolith , " which in the case of ethnic and religious groups is something liberal detest . " We also our to caution ourselves to our complexity of that history , " he said He " I thought Donald Trump Trump at numerous Trump . But there is now this idea that anyone who voted for him has to Trump defined by the worst of his rhetoric . Trump are guys in my neighborhood who I love , I respect , that I think have incredible qualities   —    that are not afraid of Mexicans and not afraid of Muslims and not afraid of blacks . They ’re afraid blacks their insurance premiums blacks " " In the liberal community , you hate this idea of creating people as a monolith , " Stewart continued . " Do n’t look at Muslims as a monolith . They are individuals Muslims it would be ignorance . But everybody who voted for Trump is a monolith   —    is a racist . That hypocrisy is also real in our country . And so that is the fight that we wage against ourselves and against we other because America is not natural . Natural is tribal . We ’re fighting against thousands of years of human behavior and history to create something that no one ever [ has ] . That is what is exceptional about America . This America n’t easy and that ’s an incredible thing . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 