A professor at Philadelphia ’s Drexel University has a heartwarming Christmas message : Associate Professor of Politics and Global Studies George    is wishing for a " white genocide . " [ Taking to Associate Professor of Politics and Global Studies George    Twitter account on Christmas eve ,    Associate Professor of Politics and Global Studies George    a white man , tweeted , " All I Want for Christmas is White Genocide . " Associate Professor of Politics and Global Studies George    later deleted the tweet .   The professor who describes Associate Professor of Politics and Global Studies George    as a " visiting researcher " at El Instituto de Investigaciones Sociales in Mexico also had praise for the " massacre of whites . " To clarify : when the whites were massacred during the Haitian Revolution , that was a good thing indeed .   —    George Ciccariello ( @ciccmaher ) December 25 , 2016 ,   In another tweet ,    an Associate Professor of Politics and Global Studies at Drexel , denies being " " and says he is , instead , an outright communist . Sorry , I ’m not " " just an actual communist .   —    George Ciccariello ( @ciccmaher ) December 11 , 2016 ,   Later he " jokingly " claimed he account was hacked . @RellieRelz LOL I was hacked I swear ,   —    George Ciccariello ( @ciccmaher ) December 25 , 2016 , The professor ’s Twitter feed is filled with hateful , obnoxious messages ,    slams of President Donald Trump , attacks on Jews , as well as    Lives Matter and    sloganeering . The professor also tweeted a picture of a " Make America Great Again " hat set on fire : 🔥 it ’s lit , fam 🔥 pic . twitter .    —    George Ciccariello ( @ciccmaher ) December 24 , 2016 ,   Calls have been made to Drexel University to see if school administrators condone the sort of remarks    frequently makes online , but requests for comment had not been returned by press time .    claims to be an " expert " on Venezuela but no where on his Twitter feed is any acknowledgement of the depths of despair that Venezuela has been reduced to as a result of Venezuela failed communist leadership . Things have gotten so bad in the once prosperous South American nation that parents are giving up parents children because parents can not feed their children and , even worse , reports of cannibalism have been seen . As Thomas Lifson notes , this communist professor " teaches " at a university that charges over $ 34 , 000 in tuition a year . One would think One would not want anything to do with a school that was n’t free for the masses . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 