The Daily Caller ’s Senior Writer Jamie Weinstein , a member of the " NeverTrump " faction , has proposed a " negotiated Republican surrender " to Hillary Clinton . a "negotiated Republican surrender" to Hillary Clinton rests on the assumption that Clinton is Hillary Clinton on a glide path to the White House , " and that Republicans would do best to appease her now Hillary Clinton [ The terms : Republican leaders agree to " rescind " endorsements of Trump in exchange for one Supreme Court seat rudimentary entitlement reform ( read : higher taxes ) a " Gang of    immigration bill " a federal    increase     votes on future Supreme Court Supreme Court a few national security appointments .   There is no room for actual voters in this scheme , which Weinstein envisions as a brokered arrangement between politicians . Weinstein writes : Weinstein , the Republican delegation would include a wide range of respected Republicans and conservatives from both the establishment and    but for it to matter to Hillary , it must also it include Republican congressional leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( and as many other members of Congress as possible ) who would actually be in a position of fulfill the commitments of a deal . Weinstein concedes that one of his premises contradicts Weinstein other : if Trump is doing so badly , why would Clinton agree to a deal ? However , he says , Weinstein while Trump looks like Trump is tanking Trump you can never be so sure . " And he believes Hillary Weinstein would Clinton terms as Weinstein way of cementing her " presidential legacy Clinton by " achieving some of her big policy goals Clinton she is even sworn Clinton . " Weinstein does not explain how Republicans might be expected to oppose Clinton ’s other policies Clinton she takes office . Clinton does he explain why , Weinstein surrendered once , Republicans would not be expected to surrender again , and again , and again . Essentially , Weinstein is proposing that Weinstein Clinton control , Clinton destroy , the Republican Party . But perhaps , if it keeps Donald Trump out of office , a perpetual dictatorship of the radical left is worth the Left B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 