The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) the United Nations ’s nuclear watchdog group , reported on Wednesday that Iran has violated the terms of the nuclear deal again , exceeding a limit of 130 metric tons for heavy water . Iran exceeded the same limit last February . [ " On 2 November 2016 , the director general expressed concerns related to Iran stock of heavy water to the vice president of Iran Iran president of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran Iran " said the confidential IAEA report , a copy of which was obtained by Reuters .   Iran Iran told the the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran would the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran preparations to ship 5 tons of the excess heavy water out of the Iran the next few days . " It ’s important to note that Iran made Iran effort to hide this , hide what it was doing this the IAEA , " U. S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said at a press conference . The U. N. U. S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner the limit Iran violated Iran a " soft limit , " based on a calculation of how much heavy water Iran needs Iran its reactors Iran with a stipulation that excess material must be exported to the international market . The United States has purchased excess heavy water from Iran in Iran past . Reuters invests several paragraphs in speculating that    Donald Trump would be unwilling to accept these " soft limit " violations because he was strongly critical of Donald Trump nuclear deal during the campaign , although it cites no specific statement the nuclear deal him about heavy water or Donald Trump export provisions of the agreement . The Wall Street Journal , however , reports that some of Trump ’s aides have suggested   Donald Trump enforcement of restrictions like the heavy water limit and ballistic missile testing might " force Tehran to pull itself out " of the Tehran deal . Also the nuclear deal Cotton ( ) is quoted castigating Iran : " It ’s no surprise that Iran is once again testing the limits Iran the nuclear deal to see what it the nuclear deal with . In January , Iran President Trump and a Republican Congress will begin a new policy of resolve toward Iran ’s ayatollahs . " " On top of Iran ’s illicit development of ballistic missiles , its Iran’s its regional aggression , this latest Iran is another Iran that Iran has been emboldened by President Obama ’s concessions Iran weakness , " Cotton said of the heavy water violation . 
 