Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is blaming internet websites for eroding Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton trustworthiness poll numbers . [ " A lot of what people read about Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in certain corners of the internet and a lot of what Donald Trump says about Donald Trump is just that same nonsense , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during a speech at the International Women ’s luncheon , referring to a long history of political attacks .   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was troubled by polling numbers which show that voters did n’t trust Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton put the blame on political opponents and conspiracy theories about Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " I could say that political opponents and conspiracy theorists have accused me of every crime in the book over the years , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton added . " None of it ’s true , never has been . " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton grew reflective , admitting that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had " work to do " to convince voters that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was trustworthy . " You know , you hear 25 years worth of wild accusations , anyone would start to wonder , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . " And it is certainly true that I ’ve made mistakes . I do n’t know anyone who has n’t . So I understand why people have questions . " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton insisted that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was n’t hiding anything . " I can say the reason I sometimes sound careful with my worlds is not that I ’m hiding something   —    it ’s just that I ’m careful with my words , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lamented that more Americans had lost more Americans trust in government and other professional institutions like the media , businesses , religion , and even professional sports . " It is crucial for this country to get this back , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . " I will do everything I can to rebuild our trust in our government . " 
 