TheBlaze founder Glenn Beck interviewed Full Frontal host Samantha Bee on TheBlaze founder Glenn Beck show Thursday as the first part in an effort between the rightwing talker and the leftwing comedian to find common ground . [ " We ’re doing a piece with TheBlaze founder Glenn Beck , " Samantha Bee said . " And so you [ TheBlaze founder Glenn Beck ] generously invited me to be on his show . We are merging worlds in a way . "   TheBlaze founder Glenn Beck and Bee   —    both vociferous critics of    Donald Trump from the right and the left , respectively   —    bonded over their Beck and Bee   distress at the election outcome , the dangers of " fake news , " and their Beck and Bee   to " stand up for people who are imperiled " now that Trump   Donald Trump . While they both conceded that there are " many things " they do n’t agree on , Bee said , " It ’s okay with us to agree with each other on some things . I feel like there ’s a shared humanity , right ? " Beck agreed and complimented Bee Bee , saying that he finds Beck " Bee , very funny . " Beck suggested Beck the way he responded Beck Barack Obama ’s victory in 2008 was comparable to Bee ’s Bee to Trump ’s election . " Does it bother to you that we seem to be playing musical chairs , that under the last president I was freaked out and thinking , ‘ Oh , my gosh.’ And now , under this president the last president ’re saying , ‘ Oh , my gosh,’ " he asked . the last president Well , it ’s not just me saying it . There it a lot more people , " she replied . " I ’m saying it as well it " Beck said , quick to add himself to the Beck of people disturbed by Trump . Beck explained that Beck does n’t Beck any leader should " ever make you feel that way . " " No man should have so much power that he can reach No man your life and change our culture and change everything , " he said . No man I guess fundamentally I do n’t really trust anyone , " Bee replied , saying that she does n’t Bee presidents as " messianic figures . " " I just do n’t think that any one person or leader is going to be everything to everybody . And , you know , the pendulum swings , " she said . Bee , who is from Canada , noted , " I think what we ’re going through right now feels very different to me , in Bee experience , which is limited because , remember , I ’m an immigrant . And this is the first election that I was able to vote in . " Beck suggested that the Bill of Rights is the one thing " they could unite on . " " I was dumb enough in 2003 to go , ‘ Oh , George Bush , he ’d never George Bush the Patriot Act.’ By 2006 , I ’m like , ‘ Oh , my gosh , how stupid was I,’ " Beck said . Beck The people on the left were right there , " he continued . George Bush And the reason why a lot of us did n’t listen to that warning was because , ‘ You ’re just the other side . You ’re just against George Bush.’ Oh , my God , shut up . And now , under Barack Obama , it expanded and got worse . And under this guy [ Trump ] it ’s going it expand and get even worse . " Bee explained , " Part of the reason why we ’re here today is because I do think that it ’s important it us to kind of redraw the lines a little bit . I do n’t think that it ’s as    as left and right or liberal and conservative anymore . " She continued : Bee feel like you need to form alliances in a different way now . I think that , you know , there are things that are imperiled now , or certainly there feels like there ’s an urgency and there feels like there ’s violence in the air to me . And I think that it ’s going to be more important than ever for people to kind of reach into areas where they would n’t people feel comfortable and hold hands with people in a different way . They both agreed that while it ’s important to engage in " civil discourse " and " speak nice " and " listen to each other , " that is n’t enough . " Civil discourse is really , for me , just the beginning of change , " Bee explained and Beck agreed . " There ’s an action moment too , where you have to defend people " she continued . Bee You have to stand up for people who are imperiled in this new world . You have to take action . I do n’t know what the action moment is . We do have to find it . " the action moment said that Beck the time comes , the left and the right will have to " stand on common principles . " He lamented , Beck No one wants to talk about common principles . Everybody is talking about policies . And that ’s been our problem   We    that ’s been my problem . I wanted you here because I think you felt   —    you feel right now like I felt   —    not in ’08 , but in ’12 . " He explained that Beck the 2012 election , he was astonished Beck people    Obama despite all of the information available showing how unacceptable he was . Beck And you feel that way now about Donald Trump . So do I , " Beck said and Bee agreed . " You kind of lost faith in , ‘ Crap , it ’s not just the president , it ’s the it around me too . Beck do n’t understand how they ’re disconnecting the people around me truth . They ’re just the people around me it . ’ it " So my question is : How do we take on   —    how do you take on your side and say , You know what , there are some things that   —    lying about Benghazi did matter . It did matter , " Beck asked . " There are consequences to lies . I think we are seeing we , " Bee responded . " There are just false narratives , " she explained . Bee I mean , we ’ve all we talking about fake news . We were talking we it on the show the other night . There ’s so much distrust . " " People are receiving their news in People own bubble People the internet , " Bee said , Bee Beck nodded in agreement . " It ’s very difficult to penetrate that with actual information . " " On both sides , " Beck interjected . Beck I agree , " Bee said . Bee We ’re    out , " Beck added . Beck Well , of course , " Bee agreed , Bee : " I do n’t really know how to penetrate that . I do n’t think anybody really does . " " But that ’s what we ’re here for , " Beck offered . Beck agreed , " That is why we need to we so vigilant and so diligent and do things in a different way and take ownership of those . " " We ’re going to spend some more time together , " Beck said , Beck back to their collaborative project . " I ’m doing something for your show . And then we ’re going to spend some time on Facebook . " " It ’s going to be delightful , " Bee said . The call for civil discourse , speaking " nice " to each other , and " hold[ing ] hands with people in a different way " is a striking departure from the tone these hosts took during and immediately after the election . The day after Trump ’s victory , Bee claimed on Bee show that Bee white people " " ruined America " by voting for Trump . This Trump in keeping with her penchant during Bee campaign of smearing Trump ’s supporters Trump’s . Beck , for his part , has Beck unrivaled in his invective against Trump Beck During Trump campaign , he the campaign of smearing Trump’s supporters as racists the New Beck builder as a    psychopath with supporters he compared to Nazi Brownshirts Beck The former radio shock jock Beck a Trump in April when he donned swim goggles and Beck his face in a bowl Beck crushed Cheetos to see if he could " look like Beck Trump . Trump ’s interview with Bee seems to be the latest example of his recent rapprochement with liberals . In October , he Bee featured in a flattering profile in Rolling Stone Bee . In early November , a New Yorker profile of Beck explained that he had " rethought some things " Beck listening to Bee recent speech by Michelle Obama that he praised as " the most effective political speech I Bee heard since Ronald Reagan . " The article described Beck as a " Black Lives Matter supporter " and Beck him praising the president he once harshly criticized , declaring Beck Barack Obama made Beck " a better man . " Listen to the Beck audio of Beck and Bee ’s interview below . Read the transcript Beck .   Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 