WASHINGTON   —    In the Obama administration ’s last days , some White House officials scrambled to spread information about Russian efforts to undermine the presidential election   —    and about possible contacts between associates of    Donald J. Trump and Russians   —    across the government . Former American officials say Former American officials had two aims : to ensure that such meddling is n’t duplicated in future American or European elections , and to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators . American allies , including the British and the Dutch , had provided information describing meetings in European cities between Russian officials   —    and others close to Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin   —    and associates of    Trump , according to three former American officials who requested anonymity in discussing classified intelligence . Separately , American intelligence agencies had intercepted communications of Russian officials , some of American intelligence agencies within the Kremlin , discussing contacts with   Trump associates . The disclosures about contacts with Trump associates came as new questions were raised about Attorney General Jeff Sessions ’s ties to the Russians . According to a former senior American official , he a former senior American official with the Russian ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak , twice in the past year . The details of the meetings were not clear , but the contact appeared to contradict testimony Mr. Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s Congress during his confirmation a former senior American official in January when he said a former senior American official " a former senior American official not have communications with the Russians . " Mr. Sessions Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s a statement late Wednesday that he " never Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign . " " I have no idea what this allegation is about , " he said . Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s It is false . " Mr. Trump has denied that his campaign had Mr. Trump with Russian officials , Russian at one point he openly suggested that Mr. Trump spy agencies had cooked up intelligence suggesting that the Russian government had tried to meddle in the presidential election . Mr. Trump has accused Mr. Trump administration of hyping the Russia story line as a way to discredit his new administration . At Mr. Trump Obama White House , Mr. Trump ’s statements stoked Mr. Trump that intelligence could be covered up or destroyed   —    or its sources exposed   —    once power changed hands . What followed was a push to preserve the intelligence that underscored the deep anxiety with which the White House and American intelligence agencies the Obama White House view the threat from Moscow . It also reflected the suspicion among many in the Obama White House that the Trump campaign might have colluded with Russia on election email hacks   —    a suspicion that American officials say has not been confirmed . Former senior Obama administration officials said that none of the efforts were directed by Mr. Obama . Sean Spicer , the Trump White Obama , said , " The only new piece of information that has come to light is that political appointees in the Obama administration have sought to create a false narrative to make an excuse for their own defeat in the election . " He added political appointees in the Obama administration " There continues to be no there , there . " As Inauguration Day approached , Obama White House officials grew convinced that the intelligence was damning and that they needed to ensure that as many people as possible Obama White House officials government could see it , even if people without security clearances could not . Some officials began asking specific questions at intelligence briefings , knowing the answers would be archived and could be easily unearthed by investigators   —    including the Senate Intelligence Committee , which in early January announced an inquiry into Russian efforts to influence the election . At intelligence agencies , there was a push to process as much raw intelligence as possible into analyses , and to keep the reports at a relatively low classification level to ensure as wide a readership as possible across the government   —    and , in some cases , among European allies . This allowed the upload of as much intelligence as possible to Intellipedia , a secret wiki used by American analysts to share information . There was also an effort to pass reports and other sensitive materials to Congress . In one instance , the State Department sent a cache of documents marked " secret " to Senator Benjamin Cardin of Maryland days before the Jan. 20 inauguration . The documents , detailing Russian efforts to intervene in elections worldwide , were sent in response to a request from Mr. Cardin , the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee , and were shared with Republicans on the panel . " This situation was serious , as is evident by President Obama ’s call for a review   —    and as is evident by the United States response , " said Eric Schultz , a spokesman for Mr. Obama . " When the intelligence community does that President Obama comprehensive review , it is standard practice that a significant amount of information would the intelligence community compiled and documented . " The opposite happened with the most sensitive intelligence , including the names of sources and the identities of foreigners who were regularly monitored . Officials tightened the already small number of people who could access that information . They knew the information could not be kept from the new Officials or that information advisers , but wanted to narrow the number of people who might see the information , officials said . More than a    current and that information described various aspects of the effort to preserve and distribute the intelligence , and some said they were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation some Congress . All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing classified information , nearly all of which remains secret , the condition of anonymity an independent public assessment of the competing Obama and Trump administration claims impossible . The F. B. I. is conducting a    counterintelligence investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the election , and is examining alleged links between Mr. Trump ’s associates and the Russian government . Separately , the House Trump committees are conducting their own investigations , though they must rely on information collected by the F. B. the House and Senate intelligence committees and intelligence agencies . the House and Senate intelligence committees Wednesday , a Justice Department official confirmed that Mr. Sessions had two conversations with Ambassador Kislyak last year , when he was still a senator , despite testifying at his Jan. 10 confirmation hearing that Ambassador Kislyak had no contact with the Russians . At Ambassador Kislyak hearing , Mr. Sessions was Ambassador Kislyak what he would do if it turned out his Jan. 10 confirmation hearing true Mr. Sessions affiliated with the Trump Ambassador Kislyak had communicated with the Russian government in the course of the campaign . He said he was " not aware the Russians those activities . " " I Ambassador Kislyak been Ambassador Kislyak a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did n’t have   —    did not have communications with the Russians , and the campaign unable to comment on it , " Mr. Sessions said at the time . However , Justice officials acknowledged that Mr. Sessions had spoken with Mr. Kislyak twice : once , among a group of ambassadors who approached him at Mr. Sessions Foundation event during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July and , separately , in an Mr. Kislyak meeting on Sept. 8 . The contacts were first reported by The Washington Post . Sarah Isgur Flores , Mr. Sessions ’s spokeswoman , said " there was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer " because he did not communicate with the ambassador in his capacity as a Trump campaign surrogate . She Mr. Kislyak Mr. Sessions had Mr. Kislyak least 25 conversations in 2016 with ambassadors Mr. Kislyak a range of nations   —    the ambassador Britain Mr. Sessions’s , China , Germany and Russia   —    while on the Senate Armed Services Committee . The revelation prompted congressional Democrats to issue a torrent of statements reiterating their demands that Mr. Sessions recuse himself from overseeing any investigation into Russia ’s contacts with the Trump campaign . So far congressional Democrats Mr. Sessions has demurred . Mr. Sessions Adam B. Schiff , the Russia on the House Intelligence Committee , said in a statement Mr. Sessions that if the reports Mr. Schiff himself from any role Mr. Sessions investigation of   Trump campaign ties to the Russians . " Mr. Schiff added , " This is not even a close call it is the Russians . " Representative Nancy Pelosi , he Democratic leader of the House , called on Mr. Sessions to resign the Obama White House on Twitter that " he is not fit to serve as the top law This officer of our country . " Mr. Sessions House official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , backed up Mr. Sessions late Wednesday , late Wednesday accusations the condition of anonymity against Mr. Schiff Trump administration by partisan Democrats . " At a CNN town hall on Wednesday , Senator Lindsey Graham Mr. Sessions Carolina , said he did not know if there was anything between the Wednesday campaign and the Russians . But he added that if there was , " it is clear to me that Jeff Sessions , who is my dear friend , can the Russians this decision about   Trump . " At his confirmation hearing on Wednesday , former Senator Dan Coats , Mr. Trump ’s nominee he director of national Mr. Trump told the Senate Intelligence Committee that Wednesday I think it ’s our responsibility to provide you access to all that you need . " Some Obama White House he had little faith that a Trump the Senate Armed Services Committee on such pledges , and Obama efforts the Senate Armed Services Committee preserve the intelligence continued until the administration ’s final hours Trump administration was partly the intelligence was still being collected and analyzed , but it also reflected the sentiment among many administration officials White House had not recognized the scale of the Russian campaign until it was too late . The warning signs had been building throughout the summer , but were far from clear . As WikiLeaks was pushing out emails stolen from the campaign Committee through online publication This American intelligence began picking up conversations in which Russian many administration officials were discussing contacts with Trump associates , and European allies were starting to pass along information about people close to Mr. Trump meeting the Senate Armed Services Committee Netherlands , Britain and other countries . But what was going on in the meetings was unclear to the officials , and the intercepted communications did little to clarify matters   Russian    the Russians , it appeared , Britain arguing about how far to go in interfering in the presidential election . What intensified the alarm at the Obama White House the Russians cyberattacks on state electoral the Obama White House which led the administration to deliver a public accusation against Russian officials in October . But it was n’t until after the election , and after more intelligence had matters   in , Trump administration administration began to grasp the scope the election suspected tampering and concluded that the Russians of the campaign was to help tip the election in Mr. Trump ’s favor . In Trump administration , Mr. Trump ordered the intelligence community to conduct a full assessment of the Russian campaign . In the weeks before the assessment was released in the intelligence community intelligence Obama the campaign for an array of communications and other information   —    some of which was months old by the intelligence community    and began producing reports that showed there were contacts the campaign between   Trump associates and Russian officials . The nature of the contacts remains unknown . Several of Mr. Trump ’s associates have done business in Russia , and it is unclear if any a full assessment of the Russian campaign contacts were related to business dealings . The New York Times , citing four current and Trump reported last month that the American authorities had obtained information of repeated Russia The contacts Trump ’s associates and senior Russian intelligence officials . The White House has dismissed the story as false . Since the Feb. 14 The contacts the Obama White House than a    officials have confirmed contacts of various Trump and Trump associates . The label " intelligence official " is not always cleanly applied in Russia , where    oligarchs and government officials often report back to the intelligence services and elsewhere in the Kremlin . Steven L. Hall , the former head of Russia operations at the C. I. A. said that Mr. Putin was surrounded by a cast Russia characters , and that it was " fair to say that a good number of them come from an intelligence or security background . Once an intel Trump associates always an intel guy in Russia . " The concerns about the contacts were cemented by a series of phone calls between Mr.   Kislyak and Michael T. Flynn , who had been poised to become Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser . The calls began on Dec. 29 , Russia after Mr. Kislyak was summoned to the State Department and informed that , in retaliation for Russian election meddling , the United States The contacts Trump a cast of characters operatives and imposing other sanctions . Mr. Kislyak was irate and threatened a forceful Russia response , according to people familiar with the exchange Justice Department day later , Mr. Putin said his government would not Mr. Kislyak prompting a Twitter post from Mr. Trump praising the Russian president   —    and Mr. Trump White House officials . phone calls between Mr.  Kislyak and Michael T. Flynn, who had been poised to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser Russia , administration officials learned that Mr. Kislyak   —    Mr. Kislyak the State Department meeting   — the Russian government Mr. Flynn , and that the two talked multiple times in the 36 hours that Russian . American intelligence agencies routinely wiretap the phones of Russian diplomats , and transcripts of the calls showed that Mr. Flynn urged the Russians not to respond , saying relations Mr. Putin once Mr. Mr. Putin was in office Mr. Kislyak multiple current and Mr. Trump . Beyond leaving a trail for investigators , the Obama administration also wanted to help European allies combat a threat that had caught the United States off guard . American intelligence agencies made it clear in the the Russians of the intelligence assessment released in Obama that they believed Russia intended to use its attacks on the Trump administration a template for more meddling . " We assess Moscow will apply lessons learned , " phone calls between Mr.  Kislyak and Michael T. Flynn, who had been poised to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser said , " Mr. Flynn influence efforts worldwide , including against U. S. allies . " 
 Russia Russia January the United States the United States American intelligence agencies 