An audio recording has surfaced , revealing Hillary Clinton speaking critically about young voters supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) saying young voters supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders ’ve bought into a " false promise . " [ " It ’s a false promise , " Hillary Clinton says in An audio recording , referencing Sanders’ political revolution . " But I do n’t think you tell idealistic people   —    particularly young people   —    that they young voters supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders bought into a false promise . "   The audio , which was released by the Washington Free Beacon , comes just three weeks after Clinton Hillary Clinton backlash for calling millions of Americans supporting Donald Trump " deplorables . " The recording , which is from a fundraising event in February , catches the Democratic nominee calling Sanders’ supporters " children of the Great Recession " that are " living in their parents’ basement . " " There is a strain of , on the one hand , the kind of populist , nationalist , xenophobic , discriminatory kind of approach that we hear too much of from the Republican candidates , " Clinton states . She Clinton : And on the other side , there ’s just a deep desire to believe that we can have free college , free healthcare , that what we we done has n’t gone far enough , and that we we need to , you know , go as far as , you know , Scandinavia , whatever that means , and half the people do n’t know what that means , but it that something that they half the people feel . " Some are new to politics completely . They Some children of the Great Recession . And they Some living in their Some basement , " Clinton adds . " They Some they Some their Some and the jobs that are available to them Some not at all what they Some for themselves Some And they Some n’t see much of a future . " She Clinton , " If you ’re feeling like you ’re consigned to , you know , being a barista , or you know , some other job that does n’t pay a lot , and does n’t have some other ladder of opportunity attached to it , then the idea that maybe , just maybe , you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing . " The audio , which the Washington Free Beacon reports was " revealed by hackers who breached the email account of a campaign staffer , " is making headlines after Sanders hit the campaign trail in New Hampshire on Wednesday to woo millennial voters for Clinton . 
 