Wednesday on the Fox News Channel , conservative commentator expressed conservative commentator skepticism of Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) a candidate for the 2016 GOP nomination , for conservative commentator aggressive attacks on party    Donald Trump .   In an interview with " Hannity " host Sean Hannity , Buchanan argued that while this may win Rubio    successes with the media and political establishment , in the long run , this will hurt his political career . Partial transcript as follows : HANNITY : So are Rubio    ’s attacks turning into a suicide mission ? And could a suicide mission actually ruin Rubio    career and destroy and hurt the Republican Party ? Here to answer that question , author of the book " The Greatest Comeback , " the original insurgent himself , Patrick J. Buchanan . Sir , how are you ? PAT BUCHANAN , " THE GREATEST COMEBACK " AUTHOR : Doing fine , Sean . HANNITY : So I watched Marco in two interviews last night . And I want to be very clear here . For the record , I ’ve always liked Marco . It ’s very hard not to like Marco Rubio . I get the sense that Marco Rubio could n’t get out the word " con artist , " " fraud , " supporting the KKK , hiring illegal immigrants , Trump University over and over enough , probably a preview of tomorrow ’s debate . Here ’s my question . Do you agree with Marco Rubio that probably this is   —    that this is not Marco Rubio we ’ve known , and B , that Marco Rubio ’s probably being influenced and Marco Rubio ’s the hired gun now to take out the insurgency ? BUCHANAN : I think Marco Rubio ’s made a calculated decision that Marco Rubio ’s going to be the   —    Marco Rubio ’s getting the applause of the media establishment . Marco Rubio ’s getting the applause of the media establishment . Marco Rubio the media establishment down Donald Trump . The establishment wants Marco Rubio destroyed the media establishment has volunteered to be the instrument of destruction . I agree with you in the longer run , Marco Rubio is not going to be the nominee . I do n’t think the Trump people at the convention would Donald Trump support Marco Rubio after these kinds of attacks . But in the short run , Sean , there ’s no doubt about it . It is an effective tactic . It ’s got Marco Rubio tremendous amounts It attention Marco Rubio never otherwise got . Let me just tell you about the strategy they had in Virginia . They ran all these savage attack they on Trump again and again and again . That ’s where I live . Marco Rubio is calling Marco Rubio a scam artist , a con artist . And Marco Rubio closed the gap there . That ’s the strategy between now and the ides of March . HANNITY : OK . But if you look , Pat , you know , he got the votes   — Pat most of his votes in northern Virginia . Pat is not an area where any Republican is going to really do well on   —    in the general election , same in Minnesota . I mean , he ’s looking in   . Pat , not exactly    territory here . So what is his goal here ? In other Pat , is his goal   …      BUCHANAN Pat This is not   …      HANNITY :    …      to win or is his goal to prevent Trump or Pat from getting 1 , 237 delegates ? BUCHANAN : His goal   — BUCHANAN this is not a   —    you ’re right . This is not a general election this . It ’s not even a good this strategy . But it is a good strategy if this objective of you and your supporters is to bring down Trump , no matter how you Trump to do it , because we ca n’t accept him . And there ’s a Trump in the media , there are a lot here in the establishment in Washington , there are a lot of folks in the party who would be delighted to see Donald Trump taken down . HANNITY Trump that ’s what   —    and you do n’t think there ’s been back door meetings and closed door meetings and    rooms and he ’s not and he ’s not Trump support and being Trump money to do all this ? Maybe it ’s my conspiratorial mind . I think this is orchestrated , well funded and well organized . BUCHANAN : Right . I think this helps Marco in the short run . In the long run , I agree with you . I think it may terminate the political career . this what I do n’t understand is if they manage to destroy Donald Trump , who do they think ’s going to get the they , Marco ? HANNITY : Ted Cruz . Marco : Well , the likelihood is BUCHANAN Cruz , and the establishment does Ted Cruz him anymore than   …      HANNITY : Ted Cruz hate him , too HANNITY BUCHANAN they    … Ted Cruz they like   …      ( CROSSTALK they HANNITY : They hate them both , HANNITY they they you , also , Pat they Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 