Politico , a struggling progressive centerpiece of the mainstream media based in Northern Virginia , has again embarrassed Politico, a struggling progressive centerpiece of the mainstream media based in Northern Virginia in Politico, a struggling progressive centerpiece of the mainstream media based in Northern Virginia coverage of Donald Trump , the presumptive GOP presidential nominee . [ In a piece about Donald Trump ’s Thursday morning meeting with about 200 House Republicans , the publication accidentally inaccurately reported that Ivanka Trump —   Donald ’s daughter —   was Trump ’s " wife . " Politico also misspelled Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus ’s name .   " With Republican National Committee chairman Reince Preibus and Ivanka Trump —  Donald’s daughter —   wife Ivanka in attendance , the billionaire real estate tycoon met with the full House GOP conference at RNC headquarters , " Politico ’s Rachael Bade , Heather Caygle , and John Bresnahan wrote in a triple byline epoch on Trump ’s speech inside the RNC headquarters to 200 House Republicans . Of course , it takes three Politico scribes to make such silly mistakes . Trump’s is Donald ’s daughter not his Donald wife . " They three Politico scribes misspelled Priebus ’s name . But what ’s even funnier than the silly mistakes is how Politico has handled them three Politico scribes then . Thankfully , Breitbart News has a series of screen shots to capture all the ways Politico changed the piece . The first screen shot shows Politico originally published version of the article , how they misspelled " Priebus " as " Preibus " and called Ivanka the " wife " of Donald Trump .   The second The first screen shot Politico update , shortly before 11:40 a. m. which still misspells " Priebus " but removes all reference to Ivanka Trump .   The third screen shot , which still misspells " Priebus , " adds Ivanka Trump back into the story Ivanka Trump correctly refers to her as Donald Trump ’s daughter . Ivanka Trump Donald Trump Breitbart News ’s publication 0f this article , Politico has Politico not updated the story with the correct spelling of Priebus the story . What ’s more , a Politico spokesperson Politico   Christyn Lansing —   has not responded to a Breitbart News request for comment about this latest embarrassment . Despite all the changes to the Politico piece Politico there has been no notice to readers anywhere in it or at the end of the piece to the Politico piece them that Politico erred Politico the Politico piece Trump the " wife " of Donald Trump . The Politico Politico writing this piece , as clearly laid out in the next sentence after the Politico piece fail , is for them to use their influence as members of the media to drive an inaccurate narrative that them is somehow widespread discontent with Trump inside the GOP . "    Republicans are trying to suppress their displeasure with his controversial campaign and rally behind Trump before the GOP Republicans this month , " the three Politico reporters Trump inside the GOP . Of course , most in the Republican Party are now fully in support of Trump —   the party ’s presumptive nominee who will easily win the Trump inside the GOP on the first ballot in Cleveland at the Republican National Convention —   but Politico wants to hype divisions while downplaying unity . In the Democratic Party Politico they are doing the exact opposite for presumptive Democratic the Republican Party —   who the Republican Party actual serious problems getting     Democrats who backed Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the primaries to support her —   by doing whatever they can to help her unify before their convention presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Philadelphia . But the bastion of progressive media has presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton its edge they recent months as a series of    reporters and editors have announced the bastion of progressive media resignations —   or have already left —   leaving the Northern Virginia outlet   reporters and editors a rough spot . Meanwhile , amid the departures , Politico has seemingly —   as Breitbart News has reported —   been taken over by a large group of registered Democrats . Specifically , national editor Kristin Roberts has admitted to Breitbart News that she was once a registered member of the Democratic Party in both Breitbart News New Jersey national editor Kristin Roberts but now claims she is an independent . Voter registration forms for several other Politico reporters and editors show national editor Kristin Roberts or former Democratic Party membership is now rampant inside Politico publication ’s upper circles . As the progressive wave has swept into Politico , more and more of these embarrassing errors keep appearing in the publication —   as the true purpose of the outlet has shifted away from telling the publication’s stories towards protecting Democrats like Hillary Clinton while undermining Republicans like Donald Trump . Trump has responded in kind by    Politico from coverage of his campaign events . UPDATE 4:07 Donald Trump m. : Politico has still not corrected the misspelling of Donald Trump name in the article , but does seem Politico have added a correction to the bottom of the piece .   The correction , however , misstates Politico ’s original error . It says that the progressive outlet a correction to the bottom of the piece incorrectly stated that Trump Politico attended the meeting with House a correction to the bottom of the piece " and that it was actually " [ h]is daughter [ who ] attended . " The correction does not make clear that the error Politico made was in identifying Ivanka Trump as Trump ’s a correction to the bottom of the piece Ivanka Trump did attend the meeting Politico as well as other meetings with her father in Trump’s D. C. on Ivanka Trump as Trump’s wife but Ivanka Trump is Trump ’s daughter not his wife as Politico Ivanka Trump as Trump’s wife reported . 
 Politico Trump Trump Ivanka Trump as Trump’s wife 