Fox News host Greta Van Susteren took to Twitter to blast anyone encouraging Michelle Fields to pursue a legal case against Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . [ Van Susteren , a veteran criminal defense and civil trial lawyer and Georgetown Law faculty member prior to her career in broadcast journalism , tweeted out " free legal advice to Michelle Fields " last night after news broke that a Florida prosecutor declined to pursue a case against Lewandowski , who was charged with misdemeanor battery for an incident involving Fields at a campaign event in March .   Free legal advice to Michelle Michelle Fields do n’t bring a civil lawsuit https :   .    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   The tweet linked to post on her Greta Wire blog explaining why " Anyone encouraging Michelle Fields Michelle Fields a civil law suit is not doing her a favor her " Van Susteren wrote : Anyone encouraging Michelle Fields to Michelle Fields civil law suit is not doing her a favor . her She does not want her take the stand in a civil case , subject to rigorous cross examination , that is likely to be on television to discuss a case that the DA wo n’t prosecute because he does not believe the DA evidence shows assault .   Yes , the burden of proof is less in a civil case , but she is just not her to win and it will be expensive and a heartache .   Even if one can win , it is not always worth it . Anyone encouraging this young woman to bring a lawsuit is irresponsible to her . PS . this young woman so we are clear , I am not ‘ for’ assault .   I know the court system . Van Susteren reaffirmed her criticism on Twitter Van Susteren " anyone encouraging " Fields to pursue this case , tweeting : " anyone advising her to drag herself Van Susteren the legal Van Susteren by filing lawsuit is using her anyone who has Van Susteren ANY experience in criminal courts knew the DA would not prosecute Lewandowski based on that video . " Actually it is not and anyone advising her to drag herself Van Susteren the legal Van Susteren by filing lawsuit is using her https :   Van Susteren    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   anyone who has had ANY experience in criminal courts knew the DA would not the DA based on that video Lewandowski _ ,   —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   " Terrible that some in the media pushed her to this , Van Susteren Van Susteren tweeted . She then doubled down Van Susteren her criticism of those Van Susteren encouraged Fields to prosecute : " Anyone in the media telling Michelle Fields the media that claim was using her , " she Van Susteren . " Van Susteren lawyer    ounce of experience knew the DA would not pursue case against Lewandowsky . " Anyone in the media telling Michelle Fields to prosecute that claim Michelle Fields her ,   that claim Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Any lawyer    ounce of experience knew the DA would not pursue case against Lewandowsky the DA —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   " She is young and Van Susteren    no experience encouraged her , " Van Van Susteren concluded . She is young and Van Susteren    no experience encouraged her   https : Van Susteren .    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Though Van Susteren did n’t name anyone in particular , Van Susteren was perhaps Van Susteren at individuals like former Breitbart columnist Ben Shapiro , who on March 2 , declared on Megyn Kelly ’s program that he had personally " encouraged " Fields to file a Van Susteren report . " I had a conversation with Michelle for an hour last night where she told me this whole story . I did encourage Michelle to go to the police , " Shapiro said Michelle adding , " I strongly urged her to go and file a police report . " Michelle , a Harvard Law School graduate , offered his legal analysis of the story last night on Twitter Shapiro, a Harvard Law School graduate For those who this whole story understand how law works , this is called exercise of prosecutorial discretion . https :   .    —    Ben Shapiro ( @benshapiro ) April 13 , 2016 ,   Exercise of prosecutorial discretion is not innocence . Lewandowski grabbed her and bruised her . https :   .    —    Ben Shapiro her @benshapiro ) April 13 , 2016 —   Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) than prosecute minor battery cases . Lewandowski grabbed , bruised , lied , smeared . End of story . https :   . Lewandowski —    Ben Shapiro ( @benshapiro ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Your hackery and basic —   Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) https :   .    —    Ben Shapiro ( @benshapiro ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Van Susteren , who was always skeptical of Fields’ legal —   Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) expertise , tweeting , " It was not brilliance that predicted DA would not prosecute Michelle Fields’ claims , it was experience . " She later added , " I have years of experience in courts —   this is no surprise that DA would not prosecute this Fields’ " Dylan , I Fields’ years of experience in    is no surprise that DA would not prosecute this . https :   DA    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   It was not brilliance DA predicted DA would not prosecute Michelle Fields’ claims , it was experience ,   —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Nicknaming the DA " " Van Susteren has long taken Fields’ with the fact that the    incident was being classified as a " crime . " On her April 1 episode of On the Record , Van Susteren said : " Now , whatever happened in the scrum , and I do n’t think the video or eyewitness statement is convincing , this incident never Van Susteren ended up as a crime . It should have ended with an apology . " Fields , for her part , responded to Van Susteren the   incident last night , dismissing the advice and blasting the Fox the   incident host as a " Trump shill . " I think I ’ll pass on getting Van Susteren from a Trump shill . Thanks tho .   https :   .    —    Michelle Fields ( @MichelleFields ) April 14 , 2016 ,   Van Susteren responded to the accusation , linking to a Politico article about it and tweeting : " Is everyone who disagrees    her , including the prosecutor who says no Van Susteren ‘ Trump shill’ in her mind ? " Is everyone who disagrees    her , including the prosecutor who says   no case a " Trump shill " in her mind ?   https :   . a ‘Trump —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) a ‘Trump 14 , 2016 ,   Close friend of Trump ? What are you drinking ? a ‘Trump have never socialized    Trump do n’t make stuff up https :   .    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 a ‘Trump 2016 ,   she is just upset at the DA for a ‘Trump there is no case and is just lashing out with insult https :   .    —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) April 14 , 2016 ,   According to a report in TheBlaze , Fields does indeed plan to pursue a civil lawsuit against both Lewandowski and Trump for defamation of her character . Responding to someone ’s suggestion that Lewandowski should file charges against Fields " for defamation and false accusation , " Van Susteren tweeted , " He should not sue either Trump He should likewise move on from this . Lewandowski 
 Van Susteren Van Susteren 