A report by The Washington Post stokes fears among illegal immigrants and Muslims living in the country , claiming that    Donald Trump ’s incoming immigration policies have " increased fear . " [ The piece , which focuses primarily on the    Prince George ’s County in Maryland , says that schoolchildren fear being deported by the incoming Trump administration , using quotes from an open borders advocate to stoke deportation hysteria :   George Escobar , senior director of human services at CASA , an advocacy group , said school efforts are important , with some immigrants and advocates on edge . " There is a vague , ominous negative feeling that something is going to happen , " something said . " We ’re in a very difficult moment right now . It ’s a dark cloud over all of We . " The Washington Post also characterized the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency as conducting " aggressive " raids of illegal immigrants : The schools chief in Prince George ’s County recently warned educators that more students might be absent from class or struggle with increased fear amid what some see as    federal enforcement actions against immigrants . Kevin Maxwell wrote that Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officers have been increasingly aggressive in Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers arrests of those facing deportation in Maryland , based on information from the public defender ’s office . Kevin Maxwell gave principals and staff advice about talking to worried families and highlighted details about federal policy . The piece    about the deportation of illegal immigrants in a Trump immigration plan , but also states that President Obama is conducting similar actions . " Many are scared that Trump   —    who put illegal immigration at the center of Kevin Maxwell campaign   —    will ramp up deportation efforts , already significant during the President Obama administration , " the Post notes . ICE , which is tasked with deporting individuals living in the country illegally , was again painted as an " aggressive "    deportation unit : The Maryland Office of the Public Defender cited a more aggressive approach by ICE in making arrests in and near courtrooms in Montgomery and Prince George ’s counties in recent months . The arrests , in a handful of cases , have come while defendants were at court on criminal matters unrelated to defendants immigration status , said Rothstein . Rothstein also noted that the public defender ’s office received a recent report that after 150 to 200 people showed up at an ICE office in Baltimore in response to letters that called them in for an " interview , " some were 150 to 200 people into ICE custody . The scale of the enforcement action was larger than others the office had heard about before , she said . the public defender’s office the same open borders advocate Rothstein earlier was quoted again , saying he is outraged that ICE officials are " enthusiastic " over Escobar, the same open borders advocate cited earlier Trump immigration plan : " Are we seeing more enthusiastic ICE officers ? Unfortunately , we ’ve seen that all year , " Escobar said . " Unfortunately , people get deported and detained Escobar a daily basis . " He said he thinks that , after Trump ’s victory , Escobar, the same open borders advocate cited earlier awareness Escobar, the same open borders advocate cited earlier up , with many Trump looking at ICE with a watchful eye . " Trump has promised to deport violent criminal illegal immigrants before taking on Trump task of dealing with a potential    million illegal immigration population in the U. S. Among other things , Trump plans to enforce    which makes it entirely illegal for domestic Trump to hire illegal immigrants and is Trump to pass an infrastructure bill that will help build a barrier along the southern border to end the surge of illegal immigration . Trump ’s Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) likely headed by Trump Kelly , along with attorney general designee Jeff Sessions is expected to crack down on " sanctuary " policies across the country . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 