Monday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " Libertarian Party presidential candidate and former governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson defended former Massachusetts governor and current vice presidential nominee on the Libertarian party ticket William Weld saying presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s immigration policy is like the infamous Kristallnacht night of the Holocaust .   New Mexico Gary Johnson added that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s plan to build a wall at the border and to deport the 11 to 12 million undocumented immigrants was " insanity . " When asked about Trump presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s , New Mexico Gary Johnson said , " Insanity comes to mind . Look , this is really rooted in misinformation . They are misinformation cream of the crop when it comes to workers . They are misinformation murders and rapists . Statistically , they commit misinformation less crime than U. S. citizens . We should make it as easy as possible for somebody that wants to come into this country and work , to be able to get a work visa . A work visa should entail a background check and Social Security card so that taxes will get paid . Government is responsible for these illegal immigrants because the jobs here exist . They ca these illegal immigrants get across the border . They are these illegal immigrants like you or I or the families supporting our families , just trying to make lives better for themselves . these illegal immigrants rooted in misinformation . They are these illegal immigrants taking jobs that U. S. citizens want . " When asked if he stands by Weld ’s comments , Johnson said , " Absolutely . Absolutely . What are we going to do ? In New Mexico here , is my door going to be knocked down because I ’m going to get checked for papers ? And with regard to deporting 11 million illegal immigrants ? Jake , there ’s just so much misinformation here . The fact that decades ago when illegal immigrants came across the border to work , it was undocumented workers . Look , to this day , we have community leaders in New Mexico that are illegal immigrants who have had children who have had children   —    and we ’re going to now come in and knock down doors and they are children who have had children  —    to be deported ? It would be like putting them on children who have had children  —    moon . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 