Angie Morelli , a delegate to the Democratic National Convention for Sen. Bernie Sanders and a U. S. Marine Corps veteran , lit into Hillary Clinton   —    Sanders’ chief rival for the Democratic nomination   —    over Hillary Clinton   shoddy record on women ’s rights as it relates to Hillary Clinton   husband ’s sex scandals . [ Specifically , Morelli told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview inside " Bernie ’s Diner " that Hillary Clinton ’s public persona of being    does not hold up under scrutiny after what Hillary Clinton did to the various women who have alleged that Hillary Clinton husband former U. S. President Bill Clinton sexually assaulted and raped the various women who have alleged that her husband former U. S. President Bill Clinton sexually assaulted and raped them .   Hillary Clinton , Morelli told Breitbart News , " has had a very colorful background with her Hillary Clinton of women ’s rights . " " I specifically have a really big issue with how she Hillary Clinton the scandals of what was going on when he [ Bill Clinton ] was president , " Morelli Morelli . " What I understand about that it is exactly how you would not have wanted to handle those situations . " Morelli Morelli comments came in an exclusive interview inside a famous    diner normally called " Johnie ’s " in Los Angeles . It a famous   diner normally called "Johnie’s" in Los Angeles famously used in films like The Big Lebowski , but has been transformed into a Sanders volunteer headquarters . Morelli , a Sanders Sanders from Nevada to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July , has come down to California to help her candidate in the final    ahead of what ’s become Sanders ’s last stand : The Battle of California California " I do n’t see how she her have handled these things that way and also come out and say , aw , I am a protector of women ’s rights,’ " Morelli said . " It ’s like , no you are not , you were specifically tearing down these women who were saying they felt wronged in one way or another , and you are telling them they shut up and you are also dragging them they the mud in the media . That ’s not what I want , I do n’t want someone like that representing me , and certainly do n’t want some one like that saying represent women ’s rights , because that is not what she is doing . " A number of women , including Juanita Broaddrick , Kathleen Willey , Paula Jones , Gennifer Flowers , and more , have alleged that Bill Clinton engaged in inappropriate behavior towards them A number of women, including Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Paula Jones, Gennifer Flowers, and more It Bill Clinton engaged in inappropriate behavior towards them also been alleged by many of those women that Hillary Bill Clinton in efforts to intimidate them into those women after Bill Clinton Bill Clinton . Media figures and Clinton allies for years Bill Clinton argued that those scandals do not affect the public perception of the Clinton family , and NBC News’ Andrea Mitchell has dismissed the allegations as old news and as " discredited , " not worthy of   . Most in the media , and allies of the Clintons throughout the Democratic Party , have scoffed at presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s decision to force this issue back into the mainstream political discussion . But it appears to be presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s decision to force this issue back into the mainstream political discussion dividends , as now the unlikeliest of allies   —    as far on the left as they come in Morelli allies   —    is laying the wood to the Clintons even harder the Clintons could . Morelli represents presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s strain of Morelli   Democrats who ca n’t find solace in ever supporting the Clintons —   but the Clintons it hard looking to Republicans , even Trump , for leadership . When asked if she thought that women should support Hillary Clinton just because she is a woman , Morelli she very passionately in an Morelli   with Breitbart News . " I think that us a ridiculous sentiment , " Morelli said . " I am Morelli   woman and I have been accused of being a feminist from one time or another , and I think suggesting that we support her just because she us a a woman is an a woman to the whole point of having equality . It is no longer making her equal , it is making a woman some shinny It object that a woman should just vote for because she has a different chromosome then a woman else , and that exactly what we should not be doing . That is not a conversation we should be having . That we not propping women up , that ’s saying , ‘ hey , you are good for a girl , and that is not okay . ’ " Morelli is the type of Democrat that Clinton is going to have serious trouble wooing into her camp if and when she Clinton finally finish off Sanders Clinton wrap up the Democratic nomination . That Morelli is openly criticizing the Clintons Morelli the sex scandals —   as Sanders himself finally starts criticizing Clinton Sanders private email server Clinton in Clinton wake of a devastating Inspector General report from the State Department ’s internal watchdog —   is a sign that Hillary Clinton is far from out Clinton woods yet with her own internal party battles . But Clinton because Clinton is having a tough time winning Clinton these voters —   who normally fall in line right behind the Democratic nominee —   does not mean it will be any easier for Trump . Morelli , who was in boot camp for the U. S. Marine Corps back during    in 2001 , became an    protester upon her discharge from the military years later . That , she told Breitbart News , did not sit her with her fellow veterans . " That ’s when her budding heads started , " she said . She would frequently get emails her her fellow her , telling her " they her with everything she was her , emails from her fellow Marines the respected her her   …      Go Morelli . her But as she transitioned from being an    protester to her a Sanders campaign supporter , her Marine buddies began to come around . her of getting the emails saying they disagreed with her , she now gets her Marine buddies telling her her Sanders her coming to their town her When Sanders gets emails like her Marine buddies , she very her responds and encourages them to her to the rally . " emails like that go to his rally , just go to one of the rally , just go to one of Sanders ! Look up his stuff on Veterans emails like that " Morelli has Sanders been able to convert some of her fellow Marines into Sanders supporters , she her Breitbart News . " I have her a lot of them who will text me and tell me ‘ some of her fellow Marines got my Bernie button . ’ " Morelli feels that Sanders’ record on veterans speaks for Morelli , as he serves on the Senate ’s Sanders’ record on veterans Affairs Committee Morelli " He is the best of anyone else who has Morelli ran , unless they were in the military , " Morelli says anyone else who has ever ran tells people on the stump for Morelli . Morelli , however , disagrees significantly with Trump ’s Morelli on veterans . " I think that everyone thinks that , " she replied when asked if she agreed with Trump Morelli belief that veterans need Morelli be helped Trump’s than they are currently being helped . " He [ veterans ] is the most vocal about it but Trump’s the same time he is the worst out of all of them He " Morelli said of Trump ’s veterans plans . " He keeps having He [Trump] these fake veterans’ events He There was a marine who had just had a protest against Trump in New York . Trump lies about supporting the He [Trump] worse than doing nothing He [Trump] Do n’t count me and say you are doing us any favors , when you are the one who is taking money out of our pockets . He is the worst . " 
 us 