WASHINGTON   —    A senior American general told Congress on Wednesday that Russia has deployed a prohibited cruise missile , the first public confirmation by the United States that the Kremlin had fielded the weapon in violation of a landmark arms control agreement . The missile is believed to have been moved in December from a test site in southern Russia to an undisclosed operational base . " We believe that the Russians have deployed a    cruise missile that violates the spirit and intent of the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty , " Gen. Paul Selva , the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told the House Armed Services Committee . " The system itself presents a risk to most of our facilities in Europe , " he added . " And our believe that the Russians have deliberately deployed it in order to pose a threat to NATO and to facilities within the NATO area of responsibility . " The New York Times reported last month that Russia had deployed a battalion of the prohibited missiles . A typical battalion has four launchers , each of which is equipped with six missiles . While senior Trump administration officials have not said where the new unit is based , there has been speculation in media reports that a missile system with similar characteristics is deployed in central Russia . The Times also noted that a second battalion was staged at a missile test range at Kapustin Yar , in southern Russia near Volgograd . Russia foreign ministry criticized the article as an example of " fake news . " The treaty Russia Russia accused of violating bans the testing , production and possession of American and Russian    missiles based on land . Commonly called the I. N. F. treaty , it the I. N. F. treaty signed in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev , the Soviet leader , and is regarded as one of the cornerstones of arms control . General Selva appeared skeptical during his General Selva testimony about the prospects of persuading the Russians to remedy the violation . " I do n’t have enough information on their the Russians to conclude , other than that they the Russians not intend to return to compliance , " he General Selva the lawmakers . General General Selva that the Pentagon was considering steps the United States and its allies the United States take to pressure the Russians Russians , but had not yet determined what " leverage points " might be effective . " I do n’t know what those points are what "leverage points" point in time , " he said General Selva The Obama administration , starting in 2013 , sought to persuade the Russians to Russians violation while the missile was still in the test phase . But the Russians have denied Russians Russians the treaty Russians responded with their the I. N. F. treaty , which Russians Americans have dismissed as specious . American lawmakers say it is very unlikely that the Senate would ratify a new agreement requiring deeper cuts in    nuclear arms unless the dispute over Russian compliance with the I. N. F. treaty is resolved . In a February interview with Reuters , President Trump said he was concerned about the alleged violation President Trump planned to take it up with President Vladimir V. Putin the alleged violation Russia . " To me it ’s a big deal , President Trump the alleged violation Mr. Trump , who added that he would raise the matter with Mr. President Trump " if and when we President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia " If the Russians agreed to eliminate the new cruise missile , verifying that the missile was no longer deployed could require the new cruise missile inspections . The mobile launcher for the cruise missile is very similar to the mobile the new cruise missile the Iskander , a      system that is permitted under arms control treaties . Having failed to persuade the Russians to fix the alleged violation , the Russians experts say the United States could increase the pressure by announcing plans to expand missile defenses in Europe or deploying    or    nuclear missiles . But many say that the United States should seek to avoid a heated debate within the the United States the deployment of a new generation of      missiles in Europe . The Russian cruise missile is also a concern for the United States’ Europe allies . Since the system is mobile , it could easily be moved across Russia , depending on its potential target . the system the system 