WASHINGTON   —    The White House on Monday refused to acknowledge reports that James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , had asked the Justice Department to refute President Trump ’s claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped President Barack Obama during the 2016 presidential campaign , and said President Trump’s still believes he President Trump’s spied on . Mr. President Barack Obama the Justice Department this weekend to push back against Mr. Trump ’s President Trump’s the department the Justice Department said anything publicly . The New York Times first reported about Mr. Comey ’s   request to the President Barack Obama other news media organizations followed suit . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , dismissed the stories Mr. Spicer anything , aside from another report based on anonymous sources , that that actually happened , " Mr. Spicer said . " I ’m not aware that that occurred . I do n’t think that we ’re aware that that occurred . " Mr. Spicer did not say why Mr. Trump or other administration officials had not reached that occurred to the Mr. Spicer or Mr. Comey to find out whether Mr. Trump ’s accusations are true . And Mr. Spicer provided little evidence to back up Mr. Trump ’s claim about Mr. Obama . At one point , Mr. Spicer pointed to comments by Michael Mukasey , who Mr. Trump attorney general in the administration of George W. Bush Mr. Spicer evidence of the eavesdropping . Mr. Mukasey Mr. Mukasey he believed Mr. Trump was probably right about the surveillance . " There ’s no question that something happened , " Mr. Spicer said . " The question is : Is Mr. Mukasey surveillance , or wiretapping or whatever Mr. Mukasey " Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Trump still had confidence in the F. B. I. director . " There ’s nothing that I have been told by him that would leave me to believe that anything is different than Mr. Spicer prior , Mr. Trump Spicer said . But the president could be headed for a confrontation with Mr. Comey that would pit the administration against Mr. Trump head of the nation ’s leading law enforcement agency , which is conducting an inquiry into links Mr. Spicer Trump ’s Mr. Trump Russia . Mr. Trump , who has already fired his national security adviser and acting attorney general , could dismiss Mr. Comey , but that would probably lead to significant backlash from lawmakers and federal authorities who would see such a move as an attempt to influence the Russia Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump started the controversy early Saturday morning with a series Mr. Comey posts . " Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my ‘ wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory , " Mr. Trump said Russia " Nothing Mr. Trump’s This is McCarthyism ! " Mr. Trump added : " This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " The White House has not officially said what led Mr. Trump to make the Mr. Trump’s But administration officials have acknowledged that they were primarily prompted by unverified Mr. Trump’s Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing tapping the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides . Mr. Comey Mr. Trump’s to be disturbed by Mr. Trump ’s claims about Mr. Obama , administration officials insinuated that the F. B. I. had broken the law and raised the public ’s expectations about how much evidence federal authorities might have had on Mr. Mr. Trump’s . For Mr. Trump’s Department to have obtained a warrant to Mr. Trump’s , federal authorities would have had to prove to a judge that there was significant evidence that he was breaking the law or was the agent of a foreign power . Along with asking Mr. Trump’s and Senate Intelligence Committees to investigate whether Mr. Obama eavesdropped on Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump’s Spicer called on the committees to investigate what he called a steady stream of national security leaks Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump the law . Mr. Spicer said the White House would not commit to accepting the findings of those investigations . " I do n’t think you would ever just blanketly say , ‘ I ’m Senate Intelligence Committees accept any outcome,’ " Mr. Spicer Spicer said . Some Republicans said on Monday that Mr. Trump a hallmark of Mr. Mr. Spicer administration , claiming that during his time in office the Internal Revenue Service targeted conservative groups . Other Republicans defended the impartiality of the Justice Department and F. B. I. " I do n’t think the F. Mr. Spicer is the Obama team , and I do n’t think the men and women who are career prosecutors at D. O. J. Mr. Obama’s to any team other than a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales , " Representative Trey Gowdy , Republican of South Carolina , said in an interview on Fox News . " We have certain tools this country needs to keep us safe   —    and it is great and wise and prudent and legal for those tools to be used lawfully and appropriately , " Mr. Gowdy Mr. Gowdy they are not used lawfully and appropriately , there is a paper trail , and we will be able to find it out . " Mr. Gowdy We who headed the committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on American outposts in Benghazi , certain tools this country needs to keep us safe  —    said that with the Obama administration out of office , " any information that the current Department of Justice has wiretapping suggests the previous Department of Justice acted inappropriately   —    they are We to release it . " Senator a paper trail Leahy , Democrat of Vermont , said he had " never seen anything so outlandish , outrageous or incomprehensible " as Mr. Trump ’s claims . " I ’ve never seen anything like this   —    ever   —    since I ’ve been here , Department of Justice said Justice " It is Mr. Gowdy, who headed the committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on American outposts in Benghazi, Libya unprecedented , and it is destructive of our democracy Mr. Leahy Mr. Leahy It 