HOLLYWOOD , Fla. ( AP )   —    Donald Trump ’s chief lieutenants told skeptical Republican leaders Thursday that the GOP    has been " projecting an image " so far in the 2016 primary season and " the part that he ’s been playing is now evolving " in a way that will improve he standing among general election voters . [ The message , delivered behind closed doors in a private briefing , is part of the campaign ’s intensifying effort to convince party leaders Trump will moderate he tone in the coming months to help deliver big electoral gains this fall , despite he contentious ways .   Even as he team pressed Trump ’s case , he raised fresh concern among some conservatives by speaking against North Carolina ’s " bathroom law , " which directs transgender people to use the bathroom that matches the sex on transgender people birth certificates . Trump’s also came out against the federal government ’s plan to replace President Andrew Jackson with the    figure Harriet Tubman on the $ 20 bill . The developments came as the GOP ’s messy fight for the White House spilled into a seaside resort in south Florida . While candidates in both parties fanned out across the country before important primary contests in the Northeast , Hollywood ’s Diplomat Resort   Spa was transformed into a    political battleground . Trump ’s newly hired senior aide , Paul Manafort , made the case to Republican National Committee members that Trump’s has two personalities : one in private and one onstage . " When he ’s out on the stage , when he ’s talking about the kinds of things he ’s talking about on the stump , he ’s projecting an image that ’s for that purpose , " Manafort said in a private briefing . " You ’ll start to see more depth of the person , the real person . You ’ll see a real different guy , " he said . The Associated Press obtained a recording of the    exchange . " he gets it , " Manafort said of Trump ’s need to moderate he personality . " The part that he ’s been playing is evolving into the part that now you ’ve been expecting , but he was n’t ready for , because he had first to complete the first phase . The negatives will come down . The image is going to change . " The message was welcomed by some party officials but criticized by others who suggested The message raised doubts about he authenticity . " he ’s trying to moderate . he ’s getting better , " said Ben Carson , a Trump ally who was part of the GOP ’s   ’s RNC outreach team . While Trump ’s top advisers were promising Republican leaders that the GOP    would moderate he message , the candidate was telling voters the candidate was n’t ready to act presidential . " I just do n’t know if I want to do it yet , " Trump said during a raucous rally in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , Thursday that was frequently interrupted by protesters . " At some point , I ’m going to be so presidential that you people will be so bored , " Trump said , predicting that the size of Trump crowds would dwindle if Trump dialed back Trump rhetoric . There was evidence of drama on the Democratic side as well . Prominent Southern Democrats urged Bernie Sanders to stop dismissing Hillary Clinton ’s landslide primary wins across the South , where the   ’s popularity among    has helped fuel Hillary Clinton’s success . Bernie Sanders said the results in the South " distort reality " because they came from the country ’s " most conservative region . " Don Fowler of South Carolina , a former chairman of the Democratic National Committee , and other Clinton supporters told Bernie Sanders in a letter that " our national Democratic leaders " should " invest in our races and causes   —    to amplify our voices , not diminish our voices . " Yet as Clinton ’s grasp on the Democratic nomination tightens , Trump ’s overwhelming Republican delegate lead has done little to calm concerns from GOP leaders , gathered at the resort for the party ’s meeting . As Trump continues to rail against " a rigged " nomination process , Trump sent Manafort and Trump newly hired political director , Rick Wiley , to help improve relationships with party officials at the party’s meeting . " Trump might not win some of these blue states , but you can make the Democrats spend money and time , " Wiley Rick Wiley . Trump ’s team also signaled to RNC members a fresh willingness to dip into the New York real estate mogul ’s personal fortune to fund his the New York real estate mogul’s bid , in addition to helping the national committee raise money , a promise that comes just as Trump Trump his Trump big television advertising campaign in a month . His Trump reserved about $ 2 million worth of air time in     Pennsylvania and Indiana , advertising tracker Kantar Media ’s CMAG shows . " He Trump willing to spend what is necessary to finish this out . That ’s a big statement from him Trump " Manafort said in the briefing . Trump is increasingly optimistic about his Trump in five states holding primary contests Tuesday : Rhode Island , Connecticut , Pennsylvania , Delaware and Maryland . He Trump now the only Republican candidate who can possibly collect the    majority needed to claim the nomination before the party ’s July convention . Chief rival Ted Cruz hopes Trump will fall short of a    delegate majority so that he Chief rival Ted Cruz turn enough delegates to his Chief rival Ted Cruz at the the party’s July convention give him the Chief rival Ted Cruz . The political posturing came as Trump sparked Trump criticism by addressing the debate over which bathrooms transgender people should use . Speaking at a    event on NBC ’s " Today " show Thursday , Trump said Trump Carolina ’s bathroom law has caused unnecessary strife and transgender people should be able to choose which bathroom to use . " There have been very few complaints the way it is , " Trump said Trump " People go , they use People bathroom which bathroom feel is People . " Cruz lashed out at Trump ’s Trump of grown men using women ’s restrooms . " The Texas senator Trump position " a Trump policy that will endanger our loved ones . " Trump also said the plan Trump swap Jackson for Tubman on the $ 20 bill is an act of " pure political correctness . " 
 