President Barack Obama is again complaining about conservative media , accusing President Barack Obama of creating candidate Donald Trump . [ " candidate Donald Trump did n’t come out of nowhere now , " President Barack Obama said during a campaign speech in Miami . " For years , Republican politicians and    media outlets had just been pumping out all kinds of toxic , crazy stuff . "   President Barack Obama employed a straw man attack against conservative media , accusing conservative media of starting " the whole birther thing " and calling climate change a " Chinese hoax . " " According to conservative media , I ’m powerful enough to cause these hurricanes , and I ’m about to steal everybody ’s guns in the middle of the night and declare martial law , but somehow I still need a teleprompter to finish a sentence , " he said incredulously . Obama argued that Republicans knew better than to allow such theories to continue , but Republicans were silent because it would help Republicans stay in power . " Republicans just stood by and said nothing , even though Republicans knew better , while Republicans base actually started believing some of this stuff , " Obama said . Trump , Obama suggested , only took advantage of the current political climate to win the Republican primary . " Trump did n’t start all this . Like he Trump does , he Trump slapped his Trump on it his name took credit for it his name and promoted the heck out of it his name " Obama said . Obama has spent a great deal of his Obama in office complaining about conservative media , particularly Fox News and talk radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh . Earlier this month , Obama Obama the idea for " truthiness tests " for media outlets on the internet . " There has to be , I think , some sort of way in which we can sort through information that passes some basic truthiness tests and those that we have we discard because they just those that we have to discard n’t have any basis in anything that ’s actually happening in the world , " he Obama . 
 