Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sander ( ) said , " If we run against Trump , we ’ll beat Trump . I am absolutely confident that we can win the general election . "   Partial transcript as follows : STEPHANOPOULOS : ‘ Well , that ’s the other key question , can you win the general election ? And you heard what Secretary Clinton had to say about those other Democrats who are concerned that you , a democratic socialist , you ’re going to get slapped with that label , you ’re not going to be able to win in a general election . " SANDERS : " Well , look , in terms of what people are going to get slapped with , look at the front pages today in terms of what Secretary Clinton Secretary Clinton slapped with . " STEPHANOPOULOS : " What is it ? " SANDERS : " SANDERS here is the point . Well , you   —    you know , you know as well as I do , it has to it with emails . But what is more important is that our campaign is this country an enormous amount of excitement and enthusiasm all over this country . We are bringing this country numbers of people into the political process . Democrats win elections when large numbers of people come out and vote . That ’s what Obama did in 2008 . That ’s what we can do this country now . Republicans win elections when people are demoralized and voter turnout is low . So I think there is no question but that we have the this country . Second of all , George , just look at some of the polls that are out there . Look at polls that come from battleground states in terms of Wisconsin , New Hampshire , Iowa . Sanders versus Trump , we do a lot better than Hillary Clinton does against Trump . National Trump , we ’re doing National polls against Trump . Will Trump throw the National polls sink at me ? They Sanders versus Trump will National polls We ’ve got a lot to throw at them . The National polls people do not want to vote for Republicans who want to cut Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid and give huge tax breaks to billionaires Republicans who refuse to even acknowledge the reality of climate change , let alone do something about it Republicans who are bought and sold by billionaires and corporate America . If we run against Trump , we ’ll beat we . I Trump absolutely confident that we can win we general election . " Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 