Speaking with host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot Ch . 125 , Breitbart Tech reporter Allum Bokhari discussed the private meeting between the GOP establishment and billionaire international tech leaders in order to try and stop Donald Trump , as well as Breitbart Tech reporter Allum Bokhari ’s new story on the " progressive plutocrats " of Silicon Valley . [ " It does n’t surprise me at all that these guys ’ve tried to gang up on Donald Trump   —    progressivism is sort of like a religion in Silicon Valley , " said Breitbart Tech reporter Allum Bokhari .   " I thought these guys were all capitalists . You ’re telling me they these guys all progressives ? " asked Bannon in response . " Well , they these guys progressive in the sense that Donald Trump , as someone who disagrees with social progressivism   —    the agenda of diversity and immigration   —    really frightens them , " Breitbart Tech reporter Allum Bokhari explained . " Especially with the H1B Visa program which Trump has spoken out against and which Marco Rubio supports . That ’s quite vital for many Silicon Valley companies . But it That not just as    thing . They really believe this progressive stuff . Mark Zuckerberg just a few weeks ago said he Mark Zuckerberg the US should follow Germany ’s lead on immigration . " On the question of whether the tech CEOs are motivated by ideology versus a pragmatic concern for the bottom line , Bokhari Mark Zuckerberg : " It ’s hard to tell sometimes what ’s really motivating them the tech CEOs …      but there are certainly cases where these companies have taken decisions that do n’t seem to make any business sense . You can clearly see that from the case of Twitter , where they have been going after Conservative users and Trump supporters for the past few months . " " It ’s gotten so bad that    conservatives like Adam Baldwin have actually quit the platform , " he Adam Baldwin . " So if you ’ve got users with hundreds of thousands of followers quitting your the platform that does n’t seem like a very good decision from a business standpoint . " Asked by Bannon why he ’d Bannon to call the tech leaders ‘ plutocrats’ Bokhari replied : " It ’s ’d just the case that they ’re the tech leaders   —    they also the tech leaders incredibly powerful communication platforms . " " They ’re the tech leaders to use these communication platforms , which they own the tech leaders to influence elections . It used to be the case that on Twitter and Facebook , you ’d choose who to follow , you ’d choose what you see , and which information you get from your followers , " he said plutocrats’ Bokhari " That ’s not the case just the case that they’re wealthy  —    Now there are algorithms and computer programs that determine what you see on Facebook , what Facebook pushed up to your feed , and it ’s very Facebook for these companies these days to manipulate that process so that supporters of Donald Trump get hidden . "    Charlie Nash is a frequent contributor to Breitbart Tech and former editor of the Squid Magazine . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash . 
 