Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs has cancelled Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs glitzy ,    annual holiday celebrations in solidarity with those whom Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs chief executive says are people who feel targeted by Donald Trump . [ " We ’ve been talking a lot about how to protect the things We care about , " Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs told industry outlet TheWrap on Tuesday .   " I felt the morning after was nothing compared to how I felt talking to people in this office , those who felt their citizenship   — people in this office in a matter of moments   —    was gone or had been lessened , " Sachs said of the Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs . " Being the diverse workplace we are , many of us felt under assault we " Sunshine Sachs represents screen Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs Natalie Portman to Leonardo DiCaprio , and also works with major tech companies like Facebook . The firm spends big to Hollywood publicity powerhouse Sunshine Sachs parties in New York City and Los Angeles , usually attended by the journalism and Hollywood elite . But the election of Donald Trump marked the election . In lieu of its its annul parties , the firm will donate the the company the company LBGT rights , and immigration organizations like Planned Parenthood , the Human Rights Campaign and the Immigrant Defense Fund . Sunshine Sachs will also donate money to gun control advocacy groups like Everytown for Gun Safety , as well as the Environmental Defense Fund and Muslim Aid America . Later this week , Sunshine Sachs , which has offices in Los Angeles , Washington Sunshine Sachs " Following the community service work , the firm ’s employees will participate in an intimate holiday gathering . The move by Sunshine Sachs comes as another public relations firm , New York City ’s    LaForce , also cancelled its annual holiday celebrations due to the presidential election results . LaForce similarly donated the proceeds from its scheduled party to progressive groups including Planned Parenthood , Housing Works and the Stonewall LaForce .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 LaForce LaForce 