During Saturday night ’s ABC News debate , Donald Trump and    Jeb Bush got into a feisty exchange on the issue of eminent domain . Jeb Bush hit Donald Trump for Jeb Bush use ( or attempted use ) of eminent domain to enrich Jeb Bush casino business in Nevada . [ Donald Trump responded by saying , " Jeb wants to be a tough guy tonight . I did n’t take the property . " Boos then rained down on The Donald , who was ready . Pointing at the audience , Donald Trump charged   …       That ’s all of his donors and special interests out there . So ,   that ’s what   is . And by the way , let me just tell you , we needed tickets . You ca n’t get tickets . You know who has the tickets to the television audience ? Donors , special interests , the people that are putting up the money . That ’s who . The RNC told The RNC . The RNC have all donors in the audience . And the reason The RNC ’re not loving me   —    the reason The RNC ’re not loving me is , I do n’t want The RNC money . I ’m going to do the right thing for the American public . I do n’t need their money . And I ’m the only one up here that can say that . the audience continued to boo throughout . Sean Spicer of the RNC told Breitbart News that in the audience of 1000 , there are 75 donors . According to sources on two different campaigns , individual candidates received fewer tickets than at any other debate ,   just 20 . According to Breitbart News’ Matt Boyle , when you look at the ticket ratio of donors and various special interests , " Way more donors to    ratio this time at debate audience . "   —    Here ’s the specifics , from RNC : 1000 ppl in audience . 75 RNC DONORS RNC candidates , state party , school , Abc , IJ review , WMUR and google ( )   —    Matthew Boyle ( @mboyle1 ) February 7 , 2016 ,    —     : all got tix . St. Anselm got most    tix . ALL THAT MEANS THIS : Way more donors to    ratio this time at debate audience ,   —    Matthew Boyle ( @mboyle1 ) February 7 , 2016 ,    —    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 