On Sunday , with Martin Luther King Day right around the corner , George Stephanopoulos of ABC News asked Donald Trump what Donald Trump would say to Americans , especially    who believe Dr. King ’s dream has not been achieved . [ " Oh , I agree with Americans , and especially under President Obama , " Donald Trump replied .     " We have an    president and the black youth , the    youth , has essentially all never done worse . You look at the unemployment in the ’50s . You look at    people that are 30 and 35 and 40 , in the height of their strength and lives , and their ’re doing horribly . " " President Obama , an    has done a terrible job for " Trump concluded .   " Trump will do a great job for   . I ’ll bring back jobs to this country from China and many other places . And I ’ll let people work and make a great living . I will be great for   . " Trump Trump right about    unemployment being far worse than the national average , and the rates have been awful throughout the Obama presidency , although at the moment it ’s not correct to say things have never been worse .       black unemployment rate is always about double the national average .   As the general unemployment rate slowly settled back to " normal " in the final months of the the Obama presidency so too did the black unemployment The black unemployment rate 2008 and 2009 highs . The black unemployment rate As of December , the white unemployment rate was 4 . 5 percent , while it ’s 9 . 5 percent the white unemployment rate blacks . However , The Atlantic notes that the current gap between black and white is still slightly larger than the gap from 15 years ago .   It ’s even worse for those who lack advanced degrees .   The unemployment rate for white    dropouts is 6 . 9 percent , but it ’s nearly two and a The unemployment rate for white   dropouts times higher , 16 . 6 percent , for   .   At the other end of the educational spectrum , unemployment for Americans with a bachelor ’s degree or higher is 2 . 4 percent for whites , 4 . 1 percent for blacks . By now we should all be familiar with the way unemployment statistics can be sliced and diced for political purposes , so it ’s necessary to also consider unemployment statistics kind of    unemployment that falls completely off the media radar screen .    Even those most eager to    the    " Obama recovery " have been forced to admit    have n’t benefited nearly as    as other demographics .   The black workforce is far smaller relative to the overall population than the white workforce is , while    on both Right and Left consistently find that average black wages are far lower .    One study found that over    past 15 years , the average hourly wage of black workers fell by 44 cents , while white and Hispanic wages rose by 48 and 45 cents during the same period .   Such wage gaps are often attributed to black Americans working in more    and temporary jobs , as well as jobs with high turnover rates , making it difficult for them to build careers . Another black Americans working in more   and temporary jobs, as well as jobs with high turnover rates that has gotten steadily worse through the Obama years is the " wealth gap , " referring to the sum of income and valuable assets , most significantly , home ownership .    A study reported by Forbes in March claimed the typical black household now has only 6 percent of the wealth owned by the typical white household .   The report suggested several reasons for the disparity : Causes include the fact that blacks and Latinos are less likely to have jobs that include    health care , a retirement plan or paid time off . The net result is that families of color spend more of their savings on dealing with life families of color emergencies such as     health care . Or , they have fewer    vehicles , families of color as    accounts , available to them . Other factors stem back families of color homeownership and education : A child whose parents were steered into a    neighborhood with a    school has decreased chances of obtaining a    degree , which also then cuts off future job opportunities . Additionally , although it is illegal , discrimination on the basis of race or national original endures , whether unconsciously or overtly . Of course , that ’s what all discussions of black economic difficulty come back to : racial discrimination .   It ’s an unquantifiable    that can be cited as the cause of every problem , since it ca n’t be measured with It accuracy .    It ’s politically useful to say It insidious racism is the cause of " inequality , " and it ’s impossible to " prove It it is n’t .   The size of the disparities in employment , wages , and wealth mentioned above is supposed to be taken as evidence of systemic racism in America , because nothing else could possibly explain those differences . This line of thinking prevents us from considering what those other explanations might be , which in turn makes it impossible to address them . If racism is the those other explanations for black economic difficulties , we might ask how racism is supposedly getting worse under a black President who won two elections , and presides over the richest and most powerful regulatory state in the world .   As Forbes noted , racial discrimination is illegal , and the mightiest enforcement state ever created by Man works tirelessly to enforce that prohibition .    One does not hear many credible allegations that the government is ignoring serious complaints of racial discrimination , under either President Obama or his predecessors .   Among other things , it would be strongly contrary to the nature of bureaucracy to ignore the sort of complaints that make a bureau more prestigious and powerful   —    they ’re not in the habit a bureau downplaying the crises they exist to combat . One a bureau the biggest problems facing black Americans is that they ’ve been locked into destructive black Americans that keep pushing the same failed " solutions , " with alternative approaches considered beyond the pale .   Large numbers of black Americans live in cities that have been dominated by Democrat political machines for generations .   The same bogus federal remedies have been thrown at them for decades , under Administrations Large numbers of black Americans both parties .    An increasingly expensive educational bureaucracy , coupled with a university system dominated by political correctness and    programs , have failed to    on the theory that education automatically confers wealth .   Instead ,    are among the groups hardest    by the Big Government and Big Business mania for importing cheap foreign labor , at both the low and high ends of the skill scale .   We spend more on education than ever , with more attention paid to getting minority youth into college than ever   …      but the inequality gap widens . The effort to confer    wealth by making it easier for people with shaky credit to take out mortgages produced the apocalyptic financial crisis of 2008   …      and it ’s nevertheless being tried again it by people who remain convinced    is a benefit the government can bestow .   And yet , despite those incredible expenditures and the horrendous damage inflicted on our financial system by the crash , the wealth gap between white and black Americans grows larger .    It should n’t come as a    that " giving " someone a house does n’t make them wealthy , if you also a house give " them a mortgage debt they ca a house afford .   a house depressingly common outcome is foreclosure , and a family left worse off than ever .    Likewise , attempts at legislating    income by raising minimum wages have the practical effect of abolishing the jobs    and marginal workers need to get into the game .   Forbes mentions the lack of health insurance as a factor in the    wealth gap ObamaCare " fixed " that by making everyone ’s healthcare worth less , with exchange plans so wretched that huge numbers of health young people decided it was better to pay a fine than buy overpriced health coverage . Liberal social policies inflicted tremendous damage on the black family   —    the factor in that " wealth gap " nobody wants to discuss honestly .   There is simply no substitute for intact families accumulating wealth across generations , including the incredibly valuable intangible gifts that mothers and fathers can pass along to their children   —    from mothers and fathers work and study habits , to family connections that ease young people into the workforce .   Any employer will tell you that hiring young people for marginal jobs is a    endeavor .   Family and community reputation go a long way toward easing those jitters . The effect of the welfare state on our human capital has been horrendous as well , generation after generation .   It ’s another of those truths The effect of the welfare state on our human capital elites have stubbornly refused to confront during the Obama era : high unemployment is not only due to a lack of jobs offered , but a lack of jobs sought .   There are people from every demographic background chomping at the bit to work   …      and there are people , especially younger people , who wo n’t throw themselves into the workforce unless they absolutely must .   Demand themselves employment does influence supply .   Entrepreneurs who see themselves surrounded by eager , dependable Entrepreneurs who see themselves surrounded by eager will make different expansion decisions than those who think good help is hard to find in their community .   Entrepreneurial risk dependable workers even riskier in communities that do n’t enthusiastically seek investment , commerce , and employment . Is there racism mixed among those factors   —    including both racial discrimination by whites against black employees or entrepreneurs , and the reverse ?   Certainly   …      and sadly there always will be , barring a significant upgrade to human nature over the coming generations .   The question is how to best minimize its effects .   There is The question better answer than the flourishing of opportunity , which has been artificially suppressed by creeping statism for far too long .   Voluntary cooperation , in the pursuit of mutual profit , and vigorous competition have a way of dissolving prejudice .   It takes time , but patience is rewarded . Look at it this way : the Obama Obama the Obama presidency ultimate example of the opposite viewpoint , which holds that imperfect citizens must be molded to virtue by the strong hand of an    State .   More spending than ever , more regulations , more enforcement , more    social and media pressure against racism   …      and the    economic gap got worse .    How much more evidence do we need    a different path must be tried , before we go bankrupt following this one , into we future of absurdly expensive social strife ?  
 