BAYSIDE , California   —    Representative Jared Huffman ( ) urged voters Saturday to " calm down " about superdelegates in a visit to his constituency in the second congressional district in northwest California . [ Huffman is a superdelegate who has endorsed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . But former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton district , which includes the liberal northern suburbs of San Francisco and the    region of Humboldt County , is likely to back rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) .   " I really do n’t like the superdelegate system , " Huffman told Breitbart News . " I ’d just like to let voters vote and decide who wins and loses . I ’m kind of    that way . But what I have promised everyone is that I ’m not trying to rig this election as an insider somehow in the Democratic Party in a way that overrides the voters . I ’m not going to do that . " I ’m not going to go to the convention and cook the books , or rig an outcome , " the San    Democrat continued . " What I ’m going to do is follow what the voters of this country do in the primaries and the caucuses . There has never been an election where a superdelegate has decided the nominee . I do n’t think this is going to be the first , so I hope everyone kind of calms down a little on the superdelegate issue . " In a fundraising speech to roughly 120 supporters at the rustic Bayside Grange event hall in this unincorporated community in Humboldt County , Huffman appealed to party unity . Huffman ripped Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump and bemoaned what Huffman called a " crass , " " juvenile " and " depressing " election season . Huffman also warned that the makeup of the Supreme Court is " hanging in the balance , " along with the Supreme Court attendant decisions on abortion , campaign finance reform and climate change .   " There are fundamental different directions this country will take depending on the outcome of this election , " Huffman said . Huffman continued : Think about , for a moment , what a President Donald Trump would look like . I know that ’s kind of painful , but just imagine for a moment the division and the conflict that would come , in addition to all of those policy choices that we would lose out on . Imagine the loss of we credibility all over the world , think about that , and the chaos that would ensue . This is a guy who says his foreign policy strategy is to be ‘ unpredictable.’ What could go wrong ? his ’s a guy who says , ‘ Maybe we should give nuclear weapons to Japan and South Korea , then we wo n’t have to spend so much money defending them’ ‘ Maybe we should get rid of NATO’ ‘ we definitely ought to bring back torture.’ This is the Donald Trump foreign policy platform . And I think the Donald Trump foreign policy platform ’s pretty scary to imagine what would happen to our country if this was we    . So as hard as it is to imagine that , it ’s also important to know that this is kind of a golden opportunity for we in this year ’s election . we have an opportunity to make this an absolute landslide for Democrats . Whether you ’re with Hillary or Bernie , this is the big one . Because Ted Cruz ai n’t much better than Donald Trump . In fact , in some ways , Ted Cruz ’s even worse . we have got to get out there and win this . " Huffman also sought to reassure a wary progressive constituency about the Democratic Party ’s superdelegate system , in which members of Congress and party officials are free to vote for whomever members of Congress and party officials choose in the primary , regardless of the results of the primary in members of Congress and party officials state . Currently , Hillary Clinton holds a narrow lead in delegates chosen by the electorate , but a wide lead in superdelegates . Earlier in his Hillary Clinton , Huffman   —    a ranking member of the Committee on Natural Resources , and a longtime advocate for the their state powerful but controversial environmental interests —    criticized the Westlands Water District of the Central Valley for what he called " Hillary Clinton ideas that are designed to take away our water . " Last week , Huffman and several other California House Democrats called for congressional hearings into the Central Valley water agency ’s recent settlement with the federal government over drainage for its farms . the federal government Those Central Valley salmon runs are really the staple of the whole commercial fishing industry when it comes to Those Central Valley salmon runs , and they ’re under Those Central Valley salmon runs attack by folks like the Westlands Water District , " Huffman said . " Right now , as we sit here , they ’re suing Those Central Valley salmon runs try to take away Humboldt County ’s water right on the Trinity River . And it ’s just nonstop . Every year , when we ’ve fought to release cold flow just in time to avoid a massive fish kill on the lower Klamath River , they have gone Those Central Valley salmon runs court and attempted to stop that water from Humboldt County’s water the river and keeping the Trinity River alive . So a massive fish kill on the lower Klamath River constantly fighting against we bad ideas , " he added . Reached by phone late Saturday night , Westlands Water District deputy general manager Johnny Amaral told Breitbart News that " there is way more to the Trinity River issue than [ Huffman ] is letting on . " " We have and will continue to fight the needless waste of water anywhere in the state , " Amaral said . " It ’s Westlands Water District deputy general manager Johnny Amaral and ridiculous that Huffman and his bosses in the Huffman movement Huffman always quick to drone on and on about conservation , and that ‘ farmers need to be more efficient.’   Yet when they demand 90 , 000    Huffman and his bosses in the environmental movement water be released for salmon on the Trinity River , or that the people of the state of California get starved of water for some smelt , all of a sudden they forget what the word ‘ the people of the state of California means . Billions of gallons flushed to the ocean to protect fish , while kids soccer fields’ go dry up and down the state , and the fish the state of California better off for fish " " What was on the fish tonight [ at the Huffman event ] ? " Amaral added . " Salad ? Vegetables ? Fruit ? Meats ? Nuts ? All of it came from farmers in the Westlands Water District . A    would have been sufficient . " Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 