Saturday on CNN ’s " Smerconish , " boxing promoter Don King said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will   fix America ’s " corrupt , rigged , sexist and racist " system .   boxing promoter Don King said boxing promoter Don King would dub Monday night ’s presidential debate " The battle of liberty , liberty versus tyranny . " boxing promoter Don King continued , " This has never been consensus of a public opinion since the 13 colonies separated from England where it was 100 percent ethey said tyranny , taxation without representation . No voice in the government and the laws that the government were governed by . That brings it up to where I am supporting Trump because I support the American people . I love America and I love the American people . And so therefore I study the history of our great America called America . America in America , America know , those two principles of separating —   let me submit to a candid world . I want to submit to a candid world about a system that has taken over and everybody —   one thing everybody is agreeing to —   that it is corrupt , rigged , sexist and racist . All right ? So now no one has offered a way out of that system a system that has taken over J. Trump . " " On the battleship of the USS Iowa , he said we Donald J. Trump create a whole new system . We will take we system apart a whole new system should jump on it , especially black a whole new system and the white women because they both have been Everybody should jump on it, especially black people and the white women and they are considered inferior Everybody should jump on it, especially black people and the white women owned property . And so this is what I ’m talking about , the American people . This is a election about the people and the candidate who is the strongest the bravest the most courageous to take them out of it the American people There is none other than the guy by the name of Donald J. Trump . Then we can make this thing happen where we have a voice we , not excluded . We are the left we , the white women and people of color . The battle of liberty . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 