HEMPSTEAD , NEW YORK   —    After the first presidential debate here at Hofstra University , Hillary Clinton surrogates are pleased with Hillary Clinton surrogates candidate ’s performance , but admit that it is n’t likely to drive a big shift in support . [ " I think it isn’t likely to drive a big shift in support ’s a very close race , I do n’t think we should expect a big shift . " Hillary Clinton Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri explained after the debate in an interview with Breitbart News . " We ’re not banking on a change in the polls . "   But Palmieri Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri she Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri genuinely pleased with Clinton Hillary Clinton , suggesting that she may Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri sparked some interest from undecided voters . " It ’s she may have sparked some interest from undecided voters . I ’m pleased with what undecided voters saw , " she added Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri When asked if she thinks Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri appeared Hillary Clinton , she replied Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri " I do . " However , Clinton advisers Hillary Clinton more eager to pan Trump ’s performance , suggesting that he was Hillary Clinton , unhinged , and unpresidential . " She evidently Clinton’s Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri under his skin Hillary Clinton " Palmeri said . " He was Hillary Clinton even when we did n’t try to bait . " David Plouffe , a political strategist and a member of Uber ’s board , suggested that the debate was increasingly " bizarre " as the night went on . " It was the debate was increasingly "bizarre" as the night went on bizarre debate , having been involved in preparing for these things , I mean to see someone kind of show up and not really be prepared kind of waning as the night the night went on said . He compared Trump someone demeanor with someone of President Obama ’s in the first debate with Mitt Romney . " Whether you like it or not , I learned in the first debate in 2012 , mannerisms matter , " he said , admitting that Obama someone n’t have a great President Obama that night . But he explained that Trump became more someone unhinged " Trump longer the debate lasted . " I the first debate with Mitt Romney think they saw a president up there in Donald Trump , I thought they Trump up there who was kind they very thin    …      his annoyance showed through , " someone said . He argued that someone women suburban someone were likely turned off by Trump ’s performance , voters he needed Trump himself ahead someone Clinton in the someone . " I do n’t think Trump added a single person to his column Trump , " he said . Trump even ridiculed someone ’s stamina someone arguing that he " Trump " in someone debate as the night wore on . " If that had been a two hour debate , he would have been in deep someone , " Plouffe said . Sen. Claire McCaskill praised Clinton for striking the right tone , as the first woman nominee for president . " I think it ’s very hard    …      you know when you are a woman , if you get too strong , too powerful , then they start calling you shrill , or even worse , you get too strong " she said . She also joined surrogates who spent more a woman questioning Trump a woman temperament than Clinton ’s performance . " Donald Trump did not meet Clinton that any president needs Trump , he did not demonstrate that he has the judgement or the temperament Trump serve in this job Trump " Clinton ’s campaign chair John Podesta agreed . " He came Clinton showed himself , I think , that he proved Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta actually lacked the temperament Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta be commander in chief , Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta he Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta . 
 Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta 