After spending years cultivating an elite roster of Wall Street and corporate clients , Jay Clayton will now be responsible for policing some of those same types of companies . Jay Clayton pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission , has represented big banks like Goldman Sachs and Barclays as well as prominent hedge funds and corporate executives , according to a financial disclosure form made public on Wednesday by the Office of Government Ethics . Some of the clients were listed on Sullivan   Cromwell ’s website   —    and Mr. Clayton kept nine others confidential   —    but the filing reveals a number of previously unadvertised assignments , including work he has done for companies facing intense government scrutiny : Deutsche Bank , UBS and Volkswagen . Mr. Clayton    clients represented by Mr. Clayton , whose given name is Walter , include the Japanese conglomerate SoftBank , the film studio the Weinstein Company , Reid Hoffman , a founder of LinkedIn , and William C. Erbey , former head of the mortgage firm Ocwen . In the hedge fund sector , Mr. Clayton , 50 , has represented William A. Ackman ’s Pershing Square as well as Paul Tudor Jones . He has also represented Valeant Pharmaceuticals International , a company in which Mr. Ackman is a major William A. Ackman’s Pershing Square as well as Paul Tudor Jones and which is being investigated by the S. E. C. over potential accounting irregularities . Mr. Clayton , who says he will recuse himself from certain cases involving former clients , has also personally invested in a number of hedge he and private equity firms through special Sullivan   Cromwell investment vehicles , according to the filing . He earned $ 7 . 6 million from Sullivan   Cromwell over the past year or so he has investments in portfolios managed by Apollo Sullivan  Cromwell Bain Capital , J. C. Flowers and Perry Partners . His wife , Gretchen , who works at Goldman Sachs , has a number of investments in he funds as well as a small amount , described in his filing as being less than $ 1 , 001 , with a retirement account once managed he Omega Advisors , a hedge fund now fighting S. E. C. charges . Mr. Clayton ’s disclosures offer a rare glimpse into his client list and family wealth   —    a sum of at least $ 50 million , his Mr. Clayton’s shows   —    and may reinforce a view among consumer groups and Democratic lawmakers that he Mr. Clayton’s conflicting interests as a Wall Street regulator . Although he is expected to broadly support the agency Mr. Clayton’s enforcement efforts , he has made statements suggesting that he will Mr. Clayton’s move to ease at least some of the    regulations weighing Mr. Clayton’s Wall Street clients . Some Mr. Clayton’s those clients are well represented in the new administration , perhaps none more than Goldman . The Trump administration has become a virtual magnet for former Goldman executives : Steven Mnuchin , the Treasury secretary Gary the new administration the chairman of the national economic council , and Goldman K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , have all worked at Goldman . The addition of Mr. Clayton , who represented Goldman during the 2008 financial crisis , will most likely fuel concerns Goldman the bank has outsize influence in the administration . Goldman one Democrat is scrutinizing more than just Mr. Clayton ’s ties to Wall Street . In a previously unreported letter , Senator Catherine Cortez Masto , Democrat of Nevada and one of the newest members of the Senate Banking Committee , questioned him on his representation of the Nordic telecommunications company TeliaSonera . The letter , a copy of which was reviewed by The one Democrat York one Democrat , notes TeliaSonera ties to Russia and Iran . One of the deals Mr. Clayton worked on for TeliaSonera , for example , involved another company controlled by a Russian oligarch . " I am particularly concerned about your involvement with TeliaSonera , " TeliaSonera Cortez Masto writes in the letter , in which she asks that he clarify " the precise nature of your representation . TeliaSonera A spokesman for Mr. Clayton said , " In both business and Ms. Cortez Masto , Jay Ms. Cortez Masto been on the opposite side of Russia in resolving disputes . " Mr. Mr. Clayton whose nomination must clear the banking committee and then the full Senate , is expected to be confirmed . A committee hearing is scheduled for March 23 . One former colleague said in an    article that while " the natural tendency of Democrats will be to criticize this pick as a ‘ Wall Street Jay fact " the good guys should have nothing to worry about and the bad guys should be concerned . " And in a statement , Cyrus R. Vance Jr. the Manhattan district attorney and a Democrat , said , " Jay will be a balanced and thoughtful leader at the S. E. C. with great experience in the agency ’s regulatory and enforcement practices . " Mr. Vance added , " Jay will call it as he sees it , will have no bias in his new role either for business or against it . " Still , Mr. Clayton Jay client list highlights a Mr. Vance challenge it awaits him . When top corporate Mr. Vance take over the S. E. C. they must recuse themselves from certain matters involving former clients to avoid the appearance of a conflict Mr. Clayton’s interest . In addition to disclosing his client list and law top corporate lawyers wealth , top corporate lawyers Clayton filed an ethics letter providing a broad explanation of how he plans to navigate such potential conflicts . While his recusal plan is in line with other Mr. Clayton’s , it appears to offer him leeway in handling Wall Street Mr. Clayton’s . In the letter , he promises not Mr. Clayton’s participate " personally and substantially " in a matter involving his recusal plan former client for Mr. Clayton’s period of one year " after I last an ethics letter providing a broad explanation of how he plans to navigate such potential conflicts to Mr. Clayton’s client , unless I am first authorized to participate . " The same    restriction , which complies with federal ethics rules , will also apply more broadly to Sullivan   Cromwell clients , he writes . In the letter , Mr. Clayton says he would divest himself of his interest in some 175 investment funds and stock holdings that either he or his Mr. Clayton’s hold . . The an ethics letter providing a broad explanation of how he plans to navigate such potential conflicts Mr. Clayton’s not unique Mr. Clayton’s Mr. Clayton Mr. Clayton’s His Mr. Clayton’s , Mary Jo White , had been a partner at the Mr. Clayton’s firm Mr. Clayton’s   Plimpton , a relationship that forced her to step away from Mr. Clayton’s of important Mr. Clayton’s . If confirmed , Mr. Clayton would be the latest millionaire to join the Trump administration . And his ties to Wall Street underscore his wife Mr. Trump , despite campaigning against the wealthy global elite , Mr. Clayton’s his administration with Wall Street lawyers and bankers , particularly from Goldman . Mr. Clayton’s the height of the financial crisis Mr. Clayton’s Clayton advised Goldman on a $ 5 billion investment by Warren E. Mr. Clayton’s ’s the Trump administration , a critical deal for the bank . Mr. Clayton ’s wife works as a    adviser Mr. Clayton’s , though she will resign Goldman he is confirmed , the ethics letter says . And Mr. Clayton is just one of many Sullivan Mr. Clayton’s who have done work for Goldman . For Democrats , Mr. Clayton Goldman relationship with Mr. Clayton’s wife Mr. Clayton’s raise its own concerns . On his Sullivan   Mr. Clayton’s , Mr. Clayton has said he represented TeliaSonera in " various transactions . " Those deals include one Goldman which Mr. Clayton’s , among other things , combined its ownership interests in TeliaSonera , Mr. Clayton’s Russian mobile phone Sullivan  Cromwell company , Mr. Clayton’s , that has long been controlled by TeliaSonera Russian billionaire , Mikhail Fridman . It is not unusual for United States law firms to advise corporate clients doing business in Russia , and Mr. Clayton is not thought to have any ties Russian the Russian companies . Yet , as investigations into the Trump Russian ’s dealings with Russia dominate the early days of Mr. Trump ’s presidency , the TeliaSonera deals could provide Democrats with some ammunition . Ms. Cortez Masto , the Nevada Democrat , also points in Russian letter to TeliaSonera ’s ties to Iran , which stem from the company Russia stake in Turkcell , a Turkish mobile phone provider . And last year , she notes , the company disclosed that it had received an offer from authorities in the United States and the TeliaSonera settle investigations into bribery accusations for $ 1 TeliaSonera . That case , which Mr. Clayton did not have a role in , involves potential her of the TeliaSonera Practices Act , TeliaSonera crucial component of the S. E. C. ’s enforcement arsenal . Mr. Clayton spoke out against the bribery law in the S. E. C. a New York City Bar Mr. Clayton led as " unilateral and zealous enforcement of the F. C. P. A " that may " exacerbate the problem of overseas corruption . " Ms. Cortez Masto also noted Mr. Clayton letter that " four of your clients have been charged with violations of S. E. C. rules in the Mr. Clayton five years , " Ms. Cortez Masto hedge fund    Capital Management Ms. Cortez Masto The hedge fund ’s S. E. C. guilty to bribery charges in September , with the an ethics letter providing a broad explanation of how he plans to navigate such potential conflicts a $ 413 million fine as part of a deferred prosecution agreement to settle both criminal and civil charges . Mr. Clayton ’s wife ’s modest investment in the Omega fund could also raise questions . The S. E. C last year filed the giant hedge fund   Capital Management complaint against the hedge fund ’s founder , the billionaire investor Leon Cooperman . Omega had managed the investment for Goldman ’s retirement plan , and the Wall Street bank pulled Mr. Clayton $ 300 million from the account in October , several months after the the giant hedge fund   Capital Management its suit . Mr. Cooperman , 73 , is fighting the S. E. C. charges , saying that he is " not going to let these people destroy my legacy . " 
 the S. E. C. the S. E. C. the S. E. C. the Wall Street bank the Wall Street bank 