Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is trying to raise fears of deportation . During a campaign event today , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described what Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump ’s proposed " deportation force . " [ " I want you to think about that deportation force for a minute , where we would have police ,     —    whatever Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton deportation force consists of   —    raiding homes and workplaces across America , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said .   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the story of a young girl named " Carla " who had a heart condition . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said it was the result of living in " constant fear " that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton parents would get deported . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said "constant fear" that her parents would get deported was " making Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton heart beat dangerously fast , " according to doctors . " So when Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million immigrants , he Donald Trump talking about ripping apart families like Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton remarks during a speech to union workers today at The United Food and Commercial Workers Union in Las Vegas . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reminded the audience about Trump calling illegal immigrants " rapists , " asserting that his was a " wrong and dangerous vision " for the United States . " We have to stand up for hard working American families and that includes hard working immigrant families , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said as the crowd cheered . During Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speech , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared that " we ’re coming to the end of the Democratic primaries " and thanked Sen. Bernie Sanders for raising issues about unaccountable money in politics and income inequality . But Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged the Democratic party to come together to stop Trump . " We the Democratic party going up against a candidate who will say anything , do anything to take us the Democratic party on every issue and value we the Democratic party about , " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton argued for equal pay for woman and paid time off asserting that shortchange women in the work place was bad for America ’s families . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton repeated that if fighting for those issues meant Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was playing the woman card : " Deal . Me . In . " " I happen to believe that ’s a winning hand my friends ! " Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton concluded . 
 