Students and faculty at Columbia University have formed a coalition called " Columbia Against Trump , " which " seeks to take action against the Trump presidency . " [ Last week , over 45 students and faculty members gathered at the first meeting of the " Columbia Against Trump " group . 45 students and faculty members discussed 45 students and faculty members future activism efforts , such as 45 students and faculty members plans to send 500 students to protest at Donald Trump ’s inauguration on January 20th .   The Columbia Against Trump coalition is the combined effort of a number of student activist groups on campus . At the meeting , representatives from each activist group addressed the students who showed up for the meeting . The group each activist group combined effort of various student activist groups on campus , such as Columbia Divest for Climate Justice , and Graduate Workers of Columbia . Five representatives from these groups , including Sonam Singh , a faculty member in Barnard ’s English department and member of the Barnard Contingent Faculty union , spoke on behalf of different issues and values they felt were Five representatives from these groups, including Sonam Singh, a faculty member in Barnard’s English department and member of the Barnard Contingent Faculty union jeopardy . These issues included different issues and values hate crimes , workers’ rights , climate change , and protection of undocumented students . With these topics on the table , the speakers and the audience began to draft possible strategies that could help address these pressing issues . different issues and values major solutions was pressuring the administrators to take on a bigger role by mobilizing students and faculty . Students made it clear that they intend for the Columbia Against Students coalition to be focused on activism efforts rather than as a solidarity or a group for students distressed over Trump ’s presidency to come together for support . " We ’re a group that is all about action we are   . It is We solidarity network , but we ’re really based on action a solidarity network " Sumaya Awad , a visiting student from Williams College at Columbia College , said . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email Tom Ciccotta at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta 