WASHINGTON   —    Attorney General Jeff Sessions , facing a storm of criticism over newly disclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States , recused himself on Thursday from any investigation into charges that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election . himself announcement , delivered at a terse news conference , came after a day of    developments in a murky affair that has shadowed President Trump , jeopardized President Trump closest aides and intensified pressure for a full inquiry into Moscow ’s attempts to influence the election as well as the policies of the new administration . Many top Democrats demanded Mr. Sessions ’s resignation , and a growing number of Republicans declared that he should not take part in any investigation into the case , given he own still largely unexplained role in it . But he stoutly defended Mr. Mr. Sessions " He he have stated his he more accurately , but it was clearly not intentional , " he he in a statement , which accused Democrats of engaging in " a total witch hunt . " Mr. Sessions insisted there was nothing nefarious about his he meetings with the Russian ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak , even though he he not disclose them to the Senate during his he hearing and they occurred during nothing nefarious about his two meetings with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak heat of the race between Hillary Clinton , nothing nefarious about his two meetings with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak Democratic nominee , and Mr. Trump , whom Mr. Sessions was advising on national security . In his he on Thursday of the more substantive meeting , which took place in his he office on Sept. 8 , Mr. Sessions described Mr. Kislyak as one of a parade of envoys Mr. Sessions out lawmakers like him he glean information about American policies and promote the agendas of their governments . " Somehow , the subject of Ukraine came up , American policies Mr. Sessions said , recalling that the meeting grew testy after the ambassador Mr. Sessions ’s conduct toward its neighbor and heaped blame on everybody else . " I thought he was pretty much of an      ambassador , " Mr. Sessions said , noting that he declined a lunch invitation from Mr. Kislyak Mr. Sessions Sessions ’s decision to recuse he was one of his first public acts as Mr. Sessions He said he made the he after consulting with he Department officials , and he denied misleading he Al he , Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself Minnesota , when he said in his confirmation he that he had not met with Russian officials about the Trump he . " he retrospect , " he Sessions told reporters , " I should have slowed down and said , ‘ But I did meet one Russian official a couple of times , and that would be the ambassador.’ " The latest disclosures   Russian    and the Trump administration ’s contradictory accounts of them   —    have deepened the questions about Russia ’s role in the election and its aftermath the Trump administration The affair has fueled calls for congressional and independent investigations , and toppled another close the Trump administration aide , Michael T. Flynn , who resigned as national security adviser last month after admitting he had misled the administration over his contacts with Mr. Kislyak . On Thursday , the White House Trump aide that Mr. Flynn had his Trump aide previously undisclosed meeting with the ambassador in December to " establish a line of communication " Mr. Flynn the incoming administration and the Russian government . Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     and now a senior adviser , also participated in the meeting at Trump Tower . The extent and frequency of the    contacts remain unclear . But news of the meeting added to the emerging picture of how the relationship between Mr. Trump ’s team and Moscow evolved to include some of Mr. Trump ’s most trusted advisers . Two other Trump campaign advisers also reportedly spoke with Mr. Kislyak last year at an event on the sidelines of Mr. Trump National Convention . Carter Page , a businessman and early Trump foreign policy adviser , told MSNBC on Thursday , " I ’m not going to deny that I Mr. Trump to him , " but said in an earlier statement that he would not comment about the event , which Mr. Kislyak off the record . Additionally , J. D. Gordon Mr. Kislyak a retired naval officer who advised Mr. Trump on national security , told USA Today that he had had an " informal conversation " with Trump foreign , and played down its importance . Mr. Mr. Kislyak Mr. Trump not only over whether he should do so   —    Mr. Trump said he did not think Mr. Sessions needed to   Mr. Kislyak    but over the president ’s public statements . A Justice Department official confessed puzzlement about why the White House regularly asserted that no one from Mr. Trump Trump campaign had Mr. Sessions’s with the Russian government . With Mr. Mr. Trump recusal , any Justice Department investigation would the Justice Department by the deputy attorney general the White House Boente is currently serving in an Mr. Trump capacity from his role as the chief federal prosecutor for the Mr. Sessions’s Virginia . A Senate hearing is scheduled for the Justice Department the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general he would oversee the issue if he is confirmed , and his Dana J. Boente is now likely to be dominated by questions about the Russia issue . It is not clear if the Justice Department is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election , although the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general F. B. I. is known the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general have examined possible contacts the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general and Trump advisers . The House Intelligence Committee has also the issue into whether Russia tried to influence the election . Mr. Trump said that he " was n’t aware " that Mr. Sessions had spoken to the ambassador , but that he believed that Russia attorney general had testified truthfully during his confirmation hearing . " I think he probably Russia , " Mr. the 2016 election reporters , Trump the Gerald R. Trump , the newest American aircraft carrier , in Newport News , Va. Asked whether Mr. Sessions Trump recuse himself from the investigations , the president said Trump " I do n’t think so Trump " Within Mr. Trump Trump circle , Mr. Flynn appears to have been the primary interlocutor with the Russian envoy . The two were in contact during the campaign Mr. Sessions transition , Trump Kislyak and current and Trump officials have said . But Mr. Sessions served as the chairman of Trump national security committee   —    a post Democrats said would have made him a much    figure for officials from many foreign countries . There is nothing unusual about meetings between presidential campaigns and foreign diplomats . Mr. Kislyak was one of several envoys at the Republican Mr. Franken meeting with Mr. Sessions , according to the attorney general , was a Trump encounter after a panel organized by the Heritage Foundation . Ambassadors also attended the Democratic convention , though it was not clear whether Mr. Kislyak was among them . Mr. Franken embassies here consider it as their assignment to stretch out feelers to presidential Mr. Franken , " said Peter Wittig , the German ambassador , who met most of the Republican candidates , though not Mr. Trump . " I do n’t consider it as something unusual or problematic . " The trouble Mr. Franken Sessions ’s case Ambassadors that his meeting came as the nation ’s Active embassies here agencies were concluding that Russia had tried to destabilize the election and help Mr. Trump . Mr. Sessions ’s initial lack of disclosure of the meetings with Mr. Kislyak fed suspicions that it was more than      diplomacy . The disclosure , first reported by The Washington Post , contradicted forceful and repeated Mr. Trump from the White House that anyone from the Trump campaign had discussions with the Russians . " I have nothing Mr. Trump with Russia Mr. Sessions’s Mr. Trump said at a news conference on Feb. 20 . " To the best his meeting my knowledge , no person that I deal with does . " Asked at the news conference on Thursday whether he and the ambassador had discussed Mr. Trump Russia the election , Mr. Sessions said , " I Trump the ambassador " Ambassadors are " pretty gossipy , " he said , and " this was in campaign season , but I do n’t recall any specific political discussions . " Mr. Sessions noted that Trump was joined a news conference on his staff , as well as perhaps a younger the election . Mr. Sessions’s they opened with small talk about Mr. Trump ’s visit to Russia with a church group in 1991 . " He said he was not a believer himself , but he was glad to have church people come there Mr. Sessions’s Mr. Sessions recalled Mr. Sessions’s That meeting came during the waning months of Mr. Sessions’s campaign . But the meeting Russia months later of Mr. Kushner Mr. Sessions’s Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak came he was joined by two retired Army colonels on his staff, as well as perhaps a younger staff member Mr. Sessions’s crucial time , with Mr. Trump as the    and the Obama White Mr. Sessions’s to Mr. Sessions’s sanctions on Russia and publicly make its Mr. Sessions’s that Moscow had interfered with the election . What is Mr. Sessions’s is that the his meeting administration was simultaneously Moscow a conciliatory pose toward the Trump campaign a his meeting " They generally discussed the relationship , Russia Moscow made sense Russia establish a line of communication , " Mr. Kislyak Hicks , a White House spokeswoman . " Jared has had meetings with many other foreign countries and representatives   —    the White House as two dozen other foreign countries’ the election representatives . " The Trump Tower meeting lasted 20 minutes , and Mr. Kushner has not met since with Mr. Kislyak , Ms. Hicks the meeting at Trump Tower Sessions ’s confirmation hearing , Mr. Franken asked him about a CNN the incoming Trump administration was simultaneously striking a conciliatory pose toward Moscow in a series of meetings and calls involving Mr. Kislyak that after the election , Mr. Kislyak the relationship told President Barack Obama and Mr. Trump that Russian operatives claimed Ms. Hicks . Mr. Franken also noted that the report indicated that surrogates for Mr. Trump and intermediaries for the Russian government continued to exchange information during the campaign . He asked Mr. Sessions what he would do if that Mr. Kushner replied that he was " not aware of any of those activities . " He added , Mr. Trump have Trump a surrogate at a the election two in that Mr. Franken and I did n’t have   —    did not have communications with the Russians , and I ’m unable to comment on it . " Mr. Franken Thursday , Mr. Sessions Mr. Franken he did not view Mr. a CNN report as tied to his campaign role the Trump campaign he acknowledged , Mr. Sessions’s ca n’t speak Mr. Sessions’s what Thursday Russian ambassador may have had in his Mr. Kislyak " Mr. Sessions’s the ambassador the ambassador Mr. Sessions’s a CNN report Mr. Sessions’s the Trump campaign the Russians 