WASHINGTON   —    Scott Pruitt , the head of the Environmental Protection Agency , said on Thursday that carbon dioxide was not a primary contributor to global warming , a statement at odds with the established scientific consensus on climate change . Asked Mr. Pruitt views on the role of carbon dioxide , the    gas produced by burning fossil fuels , in increasing global warming , Mr. Pruitt said on CNBC ’s " Squawk Box " that " I think that measuring with precision human activity on the climate is something very challenging to do and there ’s tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact , so , no , I would not agree that it ’s a primary contributor to the global warming that we see . " " But we do n’t know that yet , " Mr. Pruitt added . " we need to continue the debate and continue the review and the analysis . " Mr. Pruitt ’s statement contradicts decades of research and analysis by international scientific institutions and federal agencies , including the E. P. A. Mr. Pruitt’s remarks on Thursday , which were more categorical than similar testimony before the Senate , may also put Mr. Pruitt’s in conflict with laws and regulations that the E. P. A. is charged with enforcing . Mr. Pruitt’s statements appear to signal that the Trump administration intends not only to roll back President Barack Obama ’s climate change policies , but also to wage a vigorous attack on their underlying legal and scientific basis . A report in 2013 by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a group of about 2 , 000 international scientists that reviews and summarizes climate science , found it to be " extremely likely " that more than half the global warming that occurred from 1951 to 2010 was a consequence of human emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases . A January report by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration concluded , " The planet ’s average surface temperature has risen about 2 . 0 degrees Fahrenheit ( 1 . 1 degrees Celsius ) since the late 19th century , a change driven largely by increased carbon dioxide and other    emissions into the atmosphere . " Benjamin D. Santer , a climate researcher at the Energy Department ’s Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , said , " Mr. Pruitt has claimed that carbon dioxide caused by human activity is not ‘ the primary contributor to the global warming that we see.’ Mr. Pruitt is Mr. Pruitt " " The scientific community has studied this issue for decades , " Dr. Santer added . " The consensus message from many national and international assessments of the science is pretty simple : Natural factors ca n’t explain the size or patterns of observed warming . A large human influence on global climate is the best explanation for the warming we ’ve measured and monitored . " The basic science showing that carbon dioxide traps heat at the Earth ’s surface dates to the 19th century , and has been confirmed in many thousands of experiments and observations since . Mr. Pruitt has faced frequent criticism for his close ties to Mr. Pruitt fuel companies . In his previous job as Mr. Pruitt attorney general of Oklahoma , he sought to use Mr. Pruitt tools to fight environmental regulations on the oil and gas companies that are a major part of the state ’s economy . A 2014 investigation by The New York Times found that energy lobbyists had drafted letters for Mr. Pruitt to send , on state stationery , to the E. P. A. the Interior Department , the Office of Management and Budget and even Mr. Obama , outlining the economic hardship caused by the environmental rules . But in a sign of how far outside mainstream views Mr. Pruitt ’s remarks Mr. Pruitt have placed him , even executives of Mr. Pruitt of the nation ’s largest fossil fuel producers said they were surprised by his even executives of some of the nation’s largest fossil fuel producers . Interviewed at Mr. Pruitt , an annual conference of major energy producers this week in Houston , Wael Sawan , an executive vice president at Shell Energy Resources , said he was " absolutely convinced Mr. Pruitt can cause serious damage to not only this generation but future generations . " Mr. Pruitt spoke at the Mr. Pruitt conference on Thursday afternoon Houston a session moderated by Daniel Yergin , a prominent energy Mr. Yergin Mr. Pruitt any questions about his Mr. Pruitt Thursday morning , saying later that he had been unaware of the comments when interviewing him . Mr. Pruitt Mr. Yergin not clarify Mr. Pruitt comments Mr. Pruitt to reporters who Mr. Yergin Mr. Pruitt question him . He said at the energy conference Mr. Pruitt the Mr. Pruitt administration had the comments far with some environmental rules and that he intended to work more closely with industry Mr. Pruitt individual states to address pollution issues . " The future ai n’t what it used to be at the E. P. A. , " he said . Mr. Pruitt ’s remarks come Mr. Pruitt the Trump administration prepares to roll back Mr. Obama ’s two signature policies to address global warming : a pair of sweeping regulations intended the Obama administration dioxide emissions from vehicles Obama plant smokestacks . At the same time , the White House is considering a 17 percent cut to the budget of NOAA , one of the nation ’s premier agencies of climate science research , according to a memo obtained by The Washington Post . Mr. Pruitt ’s remarks on Thursday were consistent with his past public statements questioning the established science of    climate change , but in denying the role played by carbon dioxide , they go a step Mr. Pruitt’s . In addition to putting him at odds with the consensus of climate scientists , Mr. Pruitt ’s remarks also raise the possibility that , as the Trump administration moves forward with Mr. Pruitt’s Mr. Obama ’s climate change regulations , it could put the administration in violation of federal law . In 2009 , the E. P. A. released a legal opinion known as an endangerment finding the Trump administration that , the Trump administration its contribution to global warming , carbon dioxide in large amounts met the Clean Air Act ’s definition of a pollutant that harms human health . Under the the Trump administration of the Clean Air Act , one of the nation ’s most powerful environmental laws , all such pollutants must be regulated by the E. P. A. A federal the Clean Air Act , and the Supreme Court declined to hear a challenge to it . Thus the E. P. A. the E. P. A. carbon dioxide . In his Senate hearing , Mr. Pruitt said that as administrator of the E. P. A. he would not revisit the E. P. A. . " It is there , and it needs to be the E. P. A. and respected , the E. P. A. Pruitt said . But energy lobbyists the E. P. A. administration have since the E. P. A. the new administration to consider building a legal case against the endangerment finding . Advisers to Mr. It ’s transition team said they the E. P. A. Pruitt ’s remarks as a signal that he intends to do just that . " President Trump the Trump administration was to undo President Obama ’s entire climate edifice , " said Myron Ebell , who worked on the E. P. A. E. P. Advisers to Mr. Trump’s transition team transition team but has the E. P. A. role in policy making . " They ’re thinking through the whole Mr. Trump’s based on what Scott Pruitt said this morning , I do think they are looking at reopening the endangerment finding . " Mr. Trump’s expected to announce an executive order next week directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of unwinding the climate change regulations on emissions from power plants . 
 Mr. Trump’s They Scott Pruitt 