Dr. Ben Carson , still running for the Republican nomination for President even though the Republican nomination for President campaign admits the Republican nomination for President has no " " path , has called for fellow GOP candidates to meet before the upcoming debate March 3 in Detroit , Michigan . [ " The American People deserve so much more from the candidates who are seeking the most powerful position in the free world , and I share The American People concern that this race has taken a turn for the worse , to the point of embarrassment on the world stage , " Carson said in a statement released to the press .    " A house divided can not stand , and A house divided is imperative the Republican Party exhibit unity by the candidates coming together with a pledge to talk about the many serious problems facing our country , instead of personally attacking each other , "    added . Carson statement comes amid a continuing divide between the populist , establishment , and conservative wings of the the Republican Party Conservative leaders have begun to pledge not to vote for populist , nationalist candidate Donald Trump , should the real estate mogul win the nomination . On social media , they have taken Conservative leaders using the hashtag # NeverTrump to unite the    forces . This week , Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) became the first Republican Senator to say that he would not Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) Donald Trump if the businessman sealed the nomination , the nomination to fellow " Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) York liberal " Hillary Clinton . " If we are to defeat he would not support Donald Trump if the businessman sealed the nomination, likening him to fellow "New York liberal" Hillary Clinton democratic opponent in he would not support Donald Trump if the businessman sealed the nomination, likening him to fellow "New York liberal" Hillary Clinton general election this November , we must reach an agreement together each other that we will not succumb we the media ’s desire for a fight on the stage in Detroit , " Carson added in his statement . " America ’s children and grandchildren are depending on us to fight for we and future generations children and grandchildren not fight each other , " Carson concluded . 
 Carson 