( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump is marshaling the full power of President Trump office to win support for the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act . On Capitol Hill , the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act was approved by two House committees despite vociferous opposition from Democrats , health care providers and some conservatives . It goes to the Budget Committee next , before a final House House that Speaker Paul Ryan , above , plans for the week of March 20 . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The administration is considering deep cuts to the Coast Guard , the Transportation Security Agency and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to fund its the Transportation Security Agency border security plan . The goal is to shift about $ 5 billion toward hiring agents for Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement , infrastructure and building a wall . The three agencies in question have played    roles in the Department of Homeland Security ’s   . 11 security architecture . Some agency veterans were befuddled by the news . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The new head of the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt , said in a TV appearance that carbon dioxide was not a primary contributor to global warming . That statement is at odds with the global scientific consensus on climate change . His remarks come as the Trump administration prepares to roll back President Barack Obama ’s two signature global warming policies : a pair of sweeping regulations intended to curb carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles and power plant smokestacks . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The United States is sending an additional 400 troops to Syria to help prepare for the looming fight for Raqqa , the capital of the Islamic State ’s    caliphate . The increase , which includes a team of Army Rangers and a Marine artillery unit that have already arrived in the Syria appears to represent a    of the number of American troops in the country Syria _ _ _ _ 5 . The founder of WikiLeaks , Julian Assange , moved to seize the moment after his organization released The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange new trove of classified information about the C. I. A. ’s cyberweaponry . Speaking from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , where he has sought The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange since 2012 , Mr. Assange presented The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange a defender The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange some of the biggest American technology companies against their own government . some of the biggest American technology companies against their own government C. I. A. the C. I. A. any spying it does is restricted by law to foreigners and foreign countries , and described Mr. Assange as " The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange a bastion of truth and integrity . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . In a rare public disclosure , Fox News released a joint statement with a former contributor , Tamara Holder , about her report of sexual assault by a company executive . In late February , 21st Century Fox reached a settlement worth more than $ 2 . 5 million with Ms. Holder , who said that she was assaulted at company headquarters two years her . She said she struggled with whether to come her with her claims . The company is still dealing her the fallout 21st Century Fox harassment scandal involving Roger Ailes . " I was told by agents and lawyers that if I opened up , I would forever be ‘ toxic’ and my career would be over , " Ms. Holder said in an email . " I had to turn my fear into courage . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . And in Texas , sexual assault accusations piled up while Baylor University made football its top priority . The victims , furious alumni Baylor University the authorities are seeking answers . One lawsuit claims there were 52 rapes from 2011 to 2014   —    a period when the    football program became a dominant force in the Big 12 conference . Collectively , the cases have become a cautionary parable for    college athletics , one in which a Christian university seemed to lose sight of its core values in pursuit of football glory and a Christian university gridiron heroes who preyed on women . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . We ’re getting ready for St. Patrick ’s Day , celebrated on March 17 . So was Mr. Trump ’s online store , which briefly stocked a $ 50 green " Make America Great Again " hat embroidered with a    clover . The designers may have been thinking of the    shamrock , often mistaken for a    clover . The latter is not a symbol of Ireland . The hats have now disappeared from the website . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Here ’s a new category of TV show : " pastoral porn . " That ’s how our writer described " Countryfile , " a wildly popular BBC documentary show that portrays the    lifestyle and grassy valleys of the English countryside . The " quintessentially British " program moves at a leisurely clip , and does n’t shy away from difficult topics such as dementia or domestic abuse . " A lot of television may be made with ratings in mind , " one of the show ’s directors said . " That may be where they are getting it wrong , as far as I am concerned . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , in 2017 , identity is at the absolute center of our conversations about music . Here are 25 songs that show why . In the process , they show us where music is going . To celebrate the our of the Times Magazine Music Issue , we offer a curated playlist featuring Future , Kelela our Adele and more , with essays by Margo Jefferson , Wesley Morris , Angela Flournoy and others . Happy listening . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 