A little more than a month into Donald J. Trump ’s presidency , it ’s safe to say that the satire business in America is booming . Penguin Press announced today that Mr. Andersen will team up to write " You Ca n’t Spell America Without Me : The Really Tremendous Inside Story of My Fantastic First Year as Donald J. Trump . " The book is scheduled for publication in November . Mr. Baldwin ( as President Trump ) Alec Baldwin the host of the public radio program " Studio 360 , " but perhaps most relevant for this new project is his experience as a founding editor of Mr. Andersen satirical Spy magazine in the 1980s . It Mr. Andersen Spy that now famously referred to the Mr. Andersen president as a "   vulgarian . " The real estate mogul was often in the magazine ’s cross hairs . " I did n’t think this former hobby of mine would return the satirical Spy magazine ferocity , " Mr. Andersen said in a phone interview . Mr. Baldwin ’s blustering portrayal of Mr. Trump on " Saturday Night Live , " starting last fall , impresses Mr. Andersen , who said : " It is extreme , and with a guy like Donald Trump , to be effective it needs to be extreme . " Mr. Andersen suggested the book would Mr. Trump attempt to capture more of President Trump than just Mr. Baldwin Mr. Andersen of him . " I think we ’ll be channeling and amplifying the Mr. Trump , " Mr. Andersen said . Mr. Andersen Writing for a    or    sketch is different than writing a Mr. Trump Mr. Andersen Mr. Trump a narrative . " " I think it ’s fair to say that Kurt will do most of the writing , " Mr. Baldwin said in an email interview . " We have that arrangement whereby he does n’t put on the wig , I do n’t just Mr. Baldwin’s a Word document . " Asked how the we would balance broad lampooning just Mr. Baldwin’s cutting political commentary , Mr. Andersen said : " It ’ll be sharp . I ’m going to start talking like Trump : It ’ll be great ! It ’ll just Mr. Baldwin’s ! But it will be sharp . It wo n’t just be   . " Two Booker Prize winners have also been influenced It the 45th president ’s election It Howard Jacobson ’s novella It Pussy , " to be published in Britain in April , is a fairy tale about an egoist from a golden city who falls into a leadership position . In January , Mr. Jacobson told The Guardian that he wrote the book in a " fury of disbelief , " and that he hoped it would offer readers the Howard Jacobson’s of savage satire . " Howard Jacobson’s Salman Rushdie ’s " The Golden House , " to be published in Howard Jacobson’s , the book includes a character resembling Mr. Trump . Parodists have been going at the president since the campaign trail . Andrew Shaffer ’s " The Day of the Donald , " published last summer , envisioned the first two years under Salman Rushdie administration . ( From that book ’s flap copy : " While Trump ’s detractors may call him a tyrant , the American people love bullies when the victim is Congress : Every time they impeach the president , his approval Mr. Trump . ") In 2016 Mr. Trump the comedian and author Michael Ian Black and the illustrator Marc Rosenthal published " A Child the American people First Book of Trump the president " a picture book with shades of Dr. Seuss that attempted to explain Mr. Trump , a candidate at the time . " There will be a moment when this will be over , " Mr. Baldwin said . " When Trump will fade into ignominy and take with him his ability to outstrip satire . " Of course , a republic can not live on satire alone , and several Trump are in the works that take a Trump Trump look at Trump ’s election and presidency . Publishers are betting that the new administration will be a boon for sales , much like the Clinton and Obama years drove conservative titles Trump    lists . Agents , editors and publishers have been snapping up everything from campaign trail memoirs to    books with images from the women ’s march to titles that sound suspiciously like    books ( Gene Stone ’s " The Trump Survival Guide : Everything You Need to Know About Living Through What You Hoped Would Never Happen " ) . Allan J. Lichtman , a history professor at American University in Washington has already written " The Case for Impeachment , " which will be published in April . Reporters who were on the Trump beat in 2016 will also offer inside looks at the campaign . In " My Year Covering Trump , " the Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold will detail his eventful time writing about the candidate . Mr. Fahrenthold conducted a very public investigation of Mr. Trump ’s charitable the Trump , enlisting Mr. Fahrenthold to find out whether donations had been Mr. Fahrenthold . He also exposed the video in which Mr. Trump the Trump comments about women off camera with the " Access Hollywood " host Billy Bush . The NBC News reporter Katy Tur has sold the rights to Mr. Fahrenthold memoir the Trump Unbelievable . " Mr. Trump referred to Ms. Tur several times in front of crowds , singling her out for criticism while he discussed the media ’s treatment of him . If history is any guide the Trump Trump will get to have his own say The NBC News reporter Katy Tur presidency in a book someday . For now the Trump The NBC News reporter Katy Tur previous president is one step the Trump to that reality   —    earlier the Trump , Penguin Random House won the Trump highly competitive auction the Trump publish future books by both Barack and Michelle Obama the Trump 