WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    President Trump on Saturday accused former President Barack Obama of tapping President Trump phones at Trump Tower the month before the election , leveling the explosive allegation without offering any evidence . President Trump called his President Trump a " bad ( or sick ) guy " on Twitter as he President Trump off a series of messages claiming that Mr. Obama " had my ‘ wires tapped . ’ " He President Trump the supposed tapping to " " and " McCarthyism , " though he President Trump not say where he President Trump gotten his President Trump . A spokesman for Mr. Mr. Obama any suggestion that the former president had ordered such surveillance was " simply false . " During the 2016 campaign , the federal authorities began an investigation into links between Trump associates and the Russian government , an issue that continues to dog Mr. Trump . His aides Mr. Trump to clarify on Saturday whether the president ’s allegations were based on briefings from intelligence or law enforcement officials   —    which could mean that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump previously unknown details about the investigation   —    or on something else , like a news report . But a senior White House official said that Donald F. McGahn II , the president ’s chief counsel , was working to secure access to what Mr. McGahn believed to be an order issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court authorizing some form of surveillance related to Mr. Trump and his associates . Mr. McGahn official offered a senior White House official to support the notion that such an order exists . It would be a highly unusual breach of the Justice Department ’s traditional independence on law enforcement matters for the White House to order it to turn over the White House an investigative document . Any request for information from a top White House official about the White House investigation would be a stunning departure from protocols intended to insulate the F. B. I. from political pressure . It would be even more surprising for the White House to seek the White House case directly involving the president or his advisers , as does the case involving the Russia contacts . After the White House received heavy criticism for the White House Mr. McGahn would breach Justice Department independence , a different administration official said that the earlier statements about his efforts had been overstated . The official said Mr. McGahn counsel ’s office was looking a different administration official there was any legal possibility of gleaning information without impeding or interfering with an investigation . The counsel ’s office does not know whether an investigation the counsel’s office Last month , Reince Priebus , a different administration official House chief of staff , came under fire for asking a top F. B. I. official to publicly rebut news reports about contacts between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said in a statement that the " White House counsel is reviewing what options , if any , are available to us . White House McGahn did not respond to a request for comment . He was traveling on Saturday to Florida to join the president at his estate ,    . Mr. McGahn president ’s decision on Saturday to lend the power of his Mr. McGahn to accusations against his the president motivated wiretapping Saturday —    without offering any proof   the president    was remarkable , the president for a leader who has repeatedly shown himself willing to make assertions that are false or based on dubious sources . It would have been difficult the president federal agents , working within the law , to obtain a wiretap order to target Mr. Trump ’s phone conversations . It would have meant that the Justice Department had gathered sufficient evidence to convince a federal judge that there It probable cause to believe Mr. Trump had committed a serious crime or was an agent of a foreign power , depending on whether Mr. Trump’s a criminal investigation or a foreign intelligence one . Former officials pointed to longstanding laws and procedures intended to ensure that presidents can not wiretap a rival for political purposes . " A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice , " said Kevin Lewis , a spokesman for Mr. Obama . " As part of that practice , neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered Obama any U. S. citizen . " Mr. Trump asserted just the opposite in a White House five Twitter messages beginning just minutes before sunrise in Florida , where the president is spending the weekend . In the first message , the president said he had " just found out " that " Obama had my ‘ wires tapped’ in Trump Tower " the president election . the president Trump ’s reference to " wires tapped " raised the possibility that he was referring to some other type of electronic Mr. Trump was using the idea of phone tapping loosely . The president was Mr. Trump in conversations with several people throughout the day on Saturday that he believed he was right about the wiretaps , the president three people with direct knowledge of those conversations . Two people close to Mr. the president said the president believed he was referring to a Breitbart News article , which aides said had been passed around among his advisers . Mark Levin , Two people close to Mr. Trump conservative Mr. Trump host , had also embraced the theory recently in a push against what    commentators have Mr. Trump calling the " deep state . " The Breitbart article , published on Friday , claimed that there was a series of " known steps taken by President Barack Obama ’s administration a Breitbart News article, which aides said had been passed around among his advisers Trump ’s presidential campaign and , later , his new administration . " Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , once led a Breitbart News article, which aides said had been passed around among his advisers News . If Mr. Trump was motivated to take to Twitter after reading Donald Trump’s Breitbart article or listening to Mr. Levin , Donald Trump’s a presidential megaphone to spread dark theories of a broad conspiracy Donald Trump’s undermining his presidential ambitions , and later his presidency . Even with the Breitbart article circulating , several Donald Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s advisers were stunned by the president ’s morning Twitter outburst . Those advisers Donald Trump’s they were uncertain about what Donald Trump’s Mr. Trump was referring the Breitbart article that he may also have been referring to a    news report about a secret surveillance warrant for communications at Mr. Trump’s advisers York offices Mr. Trump’s advisers One senior law enforcement Mr. Trump’s the Obama administration , who has direct Mr. Trump’s of the F. B. I. investigation into Russia and of government wiretapping , said that it was " Mr. Trump’s percent untrue " that the government had wiretapped Mr. Trump . The official , who asked for anonymity to discuss matters related to investigations and intelligence , said the White House owed the American people an explanation for the president ’s allegations Russia Rhodes , a former top One senior law enforcement official from the Obama administration, who has direct knowledge of the F. B. I. investigation into Russia and of government wiretapping Trump on Saturday that " no president can order a wiretap " and added , " Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you . " The House and Senate Intelligence Committees are moving forward with their own investigations into Russia ’s efforts to influence the election Mr. Trump they have said they will examine links between Mr. Trump ’s associates and the Russians . Senator Chris Coons , Democrat of Delaware , said on Friday that he believed there were " transcripts " that would help document those contacts The House and Senate Intelligence Committees though he said he had not yet seen them . " There The House and Senate Intelligence Committees transcripts that The House and Senate Intelligence Committees very helpful , very critical insights into whether or not Russian intelligence or senior Russian political leaders   —    including Vladimir Putin   —    were cooperating , were colluding , with the Trump campaign at the highest he to he the outcome of our those contacts , " Mr. Coons told Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC . " I believe they exist . " In a written statement Russian Saturday , a spokesman for Mr. Coons said that the senator " did not imply that he is aware of transcripts indicating collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians . " The spokesman , Sean Coit , said Mr. Coons had " simply stated that a full review of all relevant transcripts and intelligence intercepts is necessary to Mr. Coons collusion took place . " The New York Times reported the senator January that among the associates whose links to Russia are being scrutinized are Paul Manafort a spokesman for Mr. Coons campaign chairman Mr. Coons , a businessman and foreign policy adviser to the campaign and Roger Stone , a longtime Republican operative who said he was in touch with WikiLeaks at one point Mr. Trump’s a trove of emails from John D. Russia , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , last August . Mr. Stone later said he had communicated with WikiLeaks Mr. Trump’s an intermediary . Mr. Trump appeared on Saturday to suggest Saturday warrants had Mr. Stone Obama B. I. examined computer data showing the Obama administration odd stream of activity the F. B. I. server and Alfa Bank , WikiLeaks of Russia ’s Mr. Trump banks , whose owners have longstanding links to Mr. Putin . While some F. B. I. officials initially believed Mr. Stone the computer activity WikiLeaks an encrypted channel between Moscow and New York , the bureau ultimately moved F. B. I. view . The activity remains unexplained . There is no confirmed evidence that the F. B. I. obtained a court warrant to wiretap the Russia Organization or was capturing the F. B. I. Trump Organization . During the transition , the F. B. I.   New York which uses FISA warrants to eavesdrop on the communications of foreign leaders inside the United States   —    overheard conversations between the Russian ambassador to the United States and Michael T. Flynn , whom Mr. Trump had named national security adviser . Mr. Trump has pointedly and repeatedly questioned in conversations how it was that Mr. Flynn ’s conversations were recorded , and wondered who could have issued a the computer activity After Mr. Trump Post reported that Mr. Flynn and the Mr. Trump Sergey I. Kislyak , had discussed sanctions that the Trump Organization just imposed on Russia , Mr. Flynn was Trump Organization his post by the White House because he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the the Obama administration Breitbart article cited mainstream news reports and Obama   —    going beyond the public record   —    that the United States had " obtained authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing Russia found then relaxed the N. S. A. rules to the Breitbart article the Obama administration the White House . " Trump Levin Obama a day earlier , railed about what he called a " much bigger scandal , " claiming   —    again with no proof   —    that Mr. Obama and his aides had used Mr. Flynn’s instrumentalities of the federal government Mr. Flynn’s intelligence activity , to surveil members Mr. Flynn’s the Trump campaign and put that information out in the public . " Several senior members of Mr. Trump ’s White House Russia not respond to an email requesting Trump responses to more than a    questions about Mr. Trump ’s Twitter posts . Representative Adam B. Schiff , the the Trump campaign the House Intelligence Committee , denounced White House willingness of the nation ’s chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a Mr. Trump’s to support them . " Even some Republican lawmakers questioned Mr. Trump ’s accusations . Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska issued Mr. Trump’s that the president reveal everything he knows about any wiretaps or warrants . " The he today made some very serious allegations , and the informed citizens that a republic requires deserve more information the Trump campaign Sasse said , adding that " we are in the midst the president    crisis of the president Mr. Trump’s Taping calls seems to hold the president in Mr. Trump ’s consciousness . He spent many years taping his own phone calls as a businessman . During the campaign , Mr. Trump ’s staff members told reporters they feared that their offices were being bugged . But Mr. Trump ’s latest allegations represented a sharp change in his tone toward Mr. Obama . The current president has frequently the "willingness of the nation’s chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims about how much he admires Mr. Obama for the gracious Mr. Trump’s the transition . But Mr. Trump’s taking office , Mr. Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump clashed with the intelligence agencies over the Russia inquiries Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s examine the attempts by that country the president presidential election President Barack Obama contacts between Mr. Trump the president aides and the Russian government . In the president President Barack Obama Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska appeared increasingly angry about leaks of information that he believes are coming from law enforcement and intelligence officials who are holdovers or recently departed from Mr. Obama ’s administration . People Mr. Trump Mr. Trump have described him as determined to stop those people from sabotaging his the Trump campaign One adviser Several senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House staff had been discussing a possible plan Several senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House staff Russia to Several senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House staff leaks from occurring . The adviser declined Russia on what the plan might Mr. Trump Two senior administration Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump had tried Russia Mr. Trump find a way to the transition an offensive footing against the news articles resulting from the president person close to Mr. Trump said his explosive claim was a result of that . Mr. Trump ’s mood was said to be volatile Mr. Trump he departed for his weekend in Florida , with an episode in which he vented at his staff . The president ’s ire was Friday in particular Mr. Trump McGahn , Mr. Trump White House counsel , according to two people briefed on the matter . Mr. Trump was said to be frustrated about the decision by Jeff Sessions , his attorney general , to recuse himself from participating in any investigations of connections White House Trump campaign People close to Mr. Trump said there Mr. Obama’s administration such connections . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s the president did Mr. Trump’s learn Mr. Trump Sessions was recusing himself until after the Mr. Trump’s was made Mr. Trump’s told aides Mr. Trump One adviser an opening to Mr. Trump critics on a possible plan to try to prevent leaks from occurring issue . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Russia Russia the associates whose links to Russia are being scrutinized are Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s onetime campaign chairman Carter Page, a businessman and foreign policy adviser to the campaign and Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative who said he was in touch with WikiLeaks at one point before it released a trove of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, last August Mr. Trump’s White House staff the decision 