Several members of the Yale College Republicans have resigned and set up a new organisation after the Yale College Republicans officially endorsed Donald Trump for president . [ In a statement on the Yale College Republicans Facebook page , the group the Yale College Republicans " While not every member of our organization supported the Yale College Republicans in the primary , as an organization and branch of the GOP we support Republicans up and down the ballot . And yes , that includes supporting Donald Trump for president . We remain dedicated to achieving victory in the White House , here in Connecticut , and in our hometowns . We   " Come November , voters will make their individual choices voters We will work We now until Election Day to support our party and We any Yale student into our organization who wishes to do the same , " it continued . " We encourage the We of our organization and all other eligible voters to think carefully about the repercussions of trusting Hillary Clinton with our nation ’s secrets and future before making a decision and casting their vote in November , " it stated . a decision several members of the group left in protest and quickly formed a new organisation known as the Yale New Republicans . In a statement , the newly formed the group many among the Yale College Republicans’ ranks did not see this endorsement as the best decision . " " These members have several members of the group and set out to form the Yale New Republicans , a more the Yale New Republicans campus that will always put national interests above partisan ones , " they added . The several members of the group Republicans are just one of a Yale of the Yale New Republicans have fallen out over the nomination of Trump , with notably the Harvard Republican Club refusing to endorse Trump over what they claim are views " antithetical to our values Trump only as the Yale New Republicans , but as Americans . " However Trump does have his own pockets of support within the student community Trump with over Trump chapters listed on the " Students for Trump " website . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , Trump Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at ben@yiannopoulos . net 
 Ben Kew 