The USC    Angles Times Daybreak presidential poll , which was widely criticized by the mainstream media for showing Republican Donald Trump consistently ahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton , is taking a victory lap on Wednesday morning , after Republican Donald Trump ’s upset win . [ The USC   Angles Times Daybreak presidential poll, which was widely criticized by the mainstream media for showing Republican Donald Trump consistently ahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton claimed all along that it The USC   Angles Times Daybreak presidential poll, which was widely criticized by the mainstream media for showing Republican Donald Trump consistently ahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton a better job than other polls of capturing the " shy Trump Republican Donald Trump electorate   —    those voters who were going to vote for Trump Republican Donald Trump were embarrassed to tell pollsters they those voters who were going to vote for Trump to do so , thanks to media pressure .   David Lauter of the L. A. Times writes : For most of the last four months , the   . A. Times Daybreak tracking poll has been the great outlier of the 2016 campaign   —    consistently showing a better result for Donald Republican Donald Trump other surveys did . In light of Tuesday ’s election returns , the poll A. Times Daybreak tracking poll like the only major survey to see the wave coming . Most of the summer and fall , the poll ’s A. Times Daybreak tracking poll been about 6 percentage points more favorable to the Republican than the polling averages . As of Tuesday morning , the poll ’s final A. Times Daybreak tracking poll the election showed Trump leading by a little over 3 points , 46 . 8 % to 43 . 6 % . The poll ’s findings caused A. Times Daybreak tracking poll —    even outrage   —    among some readers , especially Democrats , who have denounced it and often criticized The Times for running it . But just as four it ago the poll was one of the A. Times Daybreak tracking poll did not underestimate President Obama ’s support , it seems as though it may have been on its own in not underestimating Trump ’s it The poll was attacked specifically for the A. Times Daybreak tracking poll weighted different sections of the population . A. Times Daybreak tracking poll New York Times even ran an article about the   . A. Times poll entitled : " How One The New York Times Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages . " Lautner concludes that the poll ’s success is a sign that A. Times Daybreak tracking poll needs more , diverse ways to look at public opinion , not fewer . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Lautner 