Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s candidacy " poses immediate dangers " to America .   Partial transcript as follows : " Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton : I think what ’s important is America ’re not going to let , at least my campaign , is not going to let presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s try to normalize himself presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s this period between . TODD : You think a competitive Democratic primary is doing nothing but helping Donald presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s now ? " Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton : I did n’t say that . I said if we do America respond to Donald Trump , which I ’m doing , as you have seen , I have said " Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton was unqualified to be president . I believe that deeply . I ’m going ’m keep focused on Donald Trump presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s will be the nominee . I will be running against Donald Trump in presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s , and I do not want Americans and , you know , good thinking Republicans as well as Democrats and Independents , to start to believe that this is a normal candidacy . It is n’t . this he is advocating , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s what he ’s done this presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s week . you know , attacking our closest ally , England . He heaping praise on presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s dangerous dictator in North Korea . Reiterating his call to pull presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s of NATO , talking about letting other countries have nuclear weapons . advocating a return to torture and even murdering the families of suspected terrorists . That is beyond the pale . And it poses immediate dangers That I go around the country , Chuck North Korea the time . And in my events in the last few weeks , I have had Republicans coming to tell me they are supporting me . Republicans have different reasons . Republicans a lot of women , it ’s the divisive , demeaning comments that Donald Trump has made about women . For others , a businessman just told me yesterday in Texas , he said ‘ I ’m a businessman Republican , I always voted Republican . I ’m here giving you money ’m supporting you , because I do business all over the world , and I ’m watching what this Trump ’m is doing to Donald Trump standing in the world.’ Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 