During a September 16 speech in Miami , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump sent the media into a tailspin by demanding Hillary Clinton lead by example on gun control and disarm Hillary Clinton bodyguards . [ The Hill reported Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump saying Hillary Clinton ’s guards should be disarmed , and we ’ll " see what happens to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump point was clear   —    Hillary Clinton could then relate to tens of millions of Americans who fear what life would be like if their families were denied the firearms their families rely on to keep their families safe .   But many outlets    news personalities did not get it . For example , Andrea Mitchell quickly tweeted : " Donald Trump tells Miami crowd take away Hillary Clinton ’s ‘ bodyguards’ and let Clinton’s see what happens to Hillary Clinton . What ? ? And they both have [ US Secret Service protection ] . " . @realDonaldTrump tells Miami crowd take away Clinton’s " bodyguards " and let ’s Clinton’s what happens to Hillary Clinton . What ? ? And they both have USSS ,   —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Mitchell missed the point entirely . Trump is not saying he Trump armed security . Rather , he Trump showing that Hillary Clinton is a hypocrite for living behind walls of armed security for decades yet pushing to abolish the Second Amendment if elected . In other words , her Trump is worth protecting , but the lives of average Americans   —    which are currently protected through private gun ownership   —    are not . This is not the first time Trump has called on Hillary Clinton to disarm Hillary Clinton guards . He Trump so on January 3 via Facebook , and he Trump so again on May 2o after receiving the NRA ’s endorsement for president . Yet on September 16 , the New York Times reacted to Trump Trump Miami speech as if he Trump ventured into the unknown and unspeakable . NYT reported that Trump Trump’s was a " provocative echo " of statements about armed Americans being the last defense against tyranny . The NYT NYT NYT , claiming Trump Trump on Clinton to disarm her guards as Clinton way of distracting from earlier attempts to blame her for the Clinton of " birther " questions regarding Obama . The problem for the NYT ? NYT Clinton ’s camp , Clinton , who birthed the birther issue . McClatchy , MSBNC , Politico , and Bloomberg have all confirmed that Clinton ’s 2008 campaign spread Clinton birtherism " stories about Barack Obama . Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 