Actress Susan Sarandon railed against the Democratic National Committee Thursday , calling the party ’s primary system " crazy " and " completely corrupt . " [ " After my experience in the primary , the party ’s very clear to Actress Susan Sarandon the DNC is gone , " Actress Susan Sarandon said during an interview on CNN .   " the party ’s completely corrupt and every superdelegate is a lobbyist . The way that the system is set up in terms of trying of having superdelegates   —    you could win a state and not get the delegates . It ’s crazy . " The Academy    had long supported Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders during the Democratic presidential primary . Sarandon ultimately endorsed Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein in a letter Wednesday , writing that " fear of Donald Trump is not enough for me to support Clinton , with Clinton record of corruption . " Explaining Sarandon support for Sanders , Sarandon told CNN ’s Carol Castello " What [ Sanders ] did is show people that people counted . Donald Trump brought people hope . Donald Trump ’s supporting a lot of candidates . It ’s very important to go and vote down the ticket . " Responding to the fact that Sanders is now campaigning for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , Sarandon said , " Look , Bernie has said ‘ do n’t ever listen to me Sarandon I tell you how to vote . ’ " . @SusanSarandon : The DNC is completely corrupt . https :   .    —    Carol Costello ( @CarolCNN ) November 3 , 2016 ,   The Thelma and Louise star said Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump ca n’t be trusted because they Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump the " lesser of two evils . " " I think we ’ve been voting the lesser of two evils for too long . The good news is everybody ’s so frustrated that at least we ’re awake , " she The Thelma and Louise star . Sarandon had previously made statements seeming to indicate more of a reluctant affinity for Trump Donald Trump Clinton Clinton In April , the Sarandon she preferred Sarandon Donald Trump proposed border wall to Clinton Clinton bad " moral judgment . " The following month , Sarandon said that Sarandon Clinton " more dangerous " than Trump . Donald Trump a rally in Iowa in January , Sarandon asked a Sarandon crowd of Sanders supporters : " What has Hillary done that we ’re bragging about ? "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 