Future First Lady Melania Trump is taking action to remove a video from the Internet that questions whether Future First Lady Melania Trump     son Barron is autistic   —    and has slammed Rosie O’Donnell as a " bully " for sharing a video on social media .   On November 11 , YouTube user James Hunter posted a video entitled , " Is Barron Trump Autistic ? # StopTheBullying , " which has since been viewed nearly four million times . The a video entitled that    Donald Trump ’s son could be autistic because he was son " strange movements in his seat son and exhibited " " behavior while onstage during his father son acceptance speech on Election Night . The video a video entitled little attention until last week , when comedian Rosie O’Donnell   —    who has feuded openly with Donald Trump for   Donald Trump —    shared it on her Twitter when comedian Rosie O’Donnell  —   who has feuded openly with Donald Trump for years  —    . when comedian Rosie O’Donnell  —   who has feuded openly with Donald Trump for years  —    to TMZ , an attorney retained by Melania Trump has sent   Donald Trump to the video ’s a video entitled to take it down or else an attorney retained by Melania Trump legal action . In a statement to Gossip Cop on Monday , Hunter   —    who claims he himself is autistic   —    an attorney retained by Melania Trump he " never meant to hurt " he himself Trump family and that he had intended for the video to he himself bullying . " I was just sending it privately to people who were bullying him to explain to them that Barron he himself be autistic , people who were bullying him to explain to them that Barron might be autistic that ’s it is n’t okay to bully him for it , because I know he himself it ’s like to be bullied for being autistic . But then Rosie O’Donnell shared it and it blew up , " it told it outlet . Hunter indicated he would take the video Hunter if Hunter , however the video remained active on YouTube as the video afternoon . The letter from Melania Trump ’s attorney , Charles J. Harder , claims the video actually made the bullying of her the video , particularly after O’Donnell Rosie O’Donnell it out to her nearly Rosie O’Donnell million followers . the video Rosie O’Donnell video allegedly seeks to ‘ stop the bullying’ the video Trump . Not true , " the letter reads , according to TMZ . " The The letter from Melania Trump’s attorney, Charles J. Harder instigate further bullying by Rosie O’Donnell and the video " O’Donnell ’s tweet set off a firestorm Rosie O’Donnell controversy , with many social media users lashing out at the     comedian for spreading rumors about the health of Trump ’s     son . O’Donnell deleted the tweet , but later Melania Trump’s poem posted on her website . Meanwhile , Hunter says Rosie O’Donnell ’s the tweet been in contact with Melania Trump ’s lawyer . This video will Hunter deleted in 24 hours and I will publish a full retraction and apology to Melania and Barron Trump . " Update : Hunter pulled the video in question from YouTube on Tuesday afternoon and posted a video Hunter to This video family . " It was incredibly irresponsible of me to diagnose Barron Trump using a selection of misleading videos , " he said in a statement . Barron Trump video was originally intended as an    Hunter , as I myself suffer from autism This video to educate people . Unfortunately , I completely misdiagnosed a person and ended up making a video that was false , defamatory and malicious . " " I retract every single statement I made in that horrendous video , and want to sincerely apologize to the Trump family , especially to Melania and Barron Trump , " he added . " I wish the Trump family but good luck , safety , Hunter love , as you prepare to become the next First Family of the United States . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 