PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    Dozens of Bernie Sanders supporters boarded a train to head into the city center for a City Hall rally against the Democratic National Convention on Monday . [ The activists came from as far as Washington State to register The activists continued support for Bernie Sanders —    and their The activists at the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) in the wake of the release of emails suggesting that DNC leaders colluded to help Hillary Clinton defeat Sanders in the primary race .   Sporting " Bernie for President "    signs , and buttons , and carrying signs and American flags , the activists dominated the Trenton line train , with new demonstrators clambering on , to cheers , at each stop along the way . Breitbart News captured video of the raucous , frustrated but merry crowd as they discussed the election and what they they as the DNC ’s betrayal of the voters .   They they few kind words for Clinton ’s    running mate , Sen. Tim Kaine ( ): " He running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine ( ): " TPP [ the    Partnership ] , " one said , adding that Clinton Clinton have chosen Sanders , or at least given a key position to supporters like Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) . Gabbard Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( her Clinton as a vice chair of the DNC over allegations that the party ’s leaders were acting to repress Sanders   —    allegations that are backed up by evidence in the emails , released by Wikileaks late last week . Breitbart News spoke with several of the protesters . One group , from Connecticut , said they One group, from Connecticut little hope of changing anything within the the party’s but wanted to register their disgust One group, from Connecticut None seemed prepared to vote for Donald Trump , but seemed to think others would do so . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News Breitbart News new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Regnery @joelpollak . 
 