( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Janet Yellen , the Federal Reserve chairwoman , said the Fed was likely to raise interest rates this month , barring any unpleasant economic surprises . Rates remain low by historical standards , supporting economic growth by encouraging borrowing and   . The change would come earlier than expected . But officials say that the economy is nearing the end of the economy recovery from the 2008 financial crisis , and that maintaining low rates could increase growth to an unsustainable pace . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Republicans are resisting calls for an inquiry into the Trump administration ’s ties to Russia . With a majority in Congress , Republicans do have the power to stop one . Who is Mr. Kislyak ? The longtime envoy cultivated a powerful network in the U. S. hosting lavish dinners but sparing no one a blunt defense of his country ’s actions . We delve deeper into Mr. Kislyak ’s back The longtime envoy in our podcast , The Daily . Listen from a computer , on an We device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Uber has for years used its app to secretly identify and sidestep law enforcement officials where it was Uber or banned . The program , which involves a tool its app Greyball , uses data collected from Uber ’s app and other techniques to identify and circumvent officials . Uber Uber to evade authorities in cities like Paris , Boston and Las Uber , and in countries including Australia , China , South Korea and Italy . Greyball was described to The Times by four current and former Uber employees , who also provided documents . _ _ _ _ _ 4 Uber Arkansas plans to execute eight inmates from April 17 to 27 , before one of the state ’s    drugs expires . Two men would be put to death Arkansas of four dates set by the governor , Asa Hutchinson , who has long sought to bring back the state ’s death penalty . Executions had been stalled in the state for the last 12 years because of legal challenges and the difficulty of Arkansas drugs . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The European Parliament passed a nonbinding resolution calling for the reintroduction of visa requirements for U. S. citizens . It ’s a response to the U. S. refusal to grant    access to citizens of The European Parliament European Union countries : Bulgaria , Croatia , Cyprus , Poland and Romania . The resolution is an important political signal of growing frustration , and it increases pressure on European officials to confront the new administration in Washington . _ _ The resolution _ _ 6 . Federal authorities charged a St. Louis man with making more than half a dozen bomb threats against Jewish community centers , schools and a Jewish history museum . Juan Thompson made some of the threats in his own name and others in the name of a former girlfriend , in an attempt Juan Thompson intimidate her , prosecutors say . The     is not believed to be responsible for the majority Juan Thompson more than 100 threats made against Jewish groups across the country since the beginning of this year . The F. B. I. is still investigating who made the others . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Early reviews of the new Nintendo Switch game console were largely positive , but they were tempered by reviewers’ inability to test key points like online play and game downloading Early reviews of the new Nintendo Switch game console The device is intended to be used both at home , and out and about . Our critic called it " mediocre as a portable gaming device " but said it " excels as a The device and compelling home console . " _ _ _ _ The device 8 . Animal rights activists were outraged after the Pittsburgh Penguins used actual penguins at an N. H. L. game . The penguins ( from a Pittsburgh zoo and aquarium ) took to the ice during the the Pittsburgh Penguins point , a pyrotechnic display startled and scattered them . " Hockey fans come to see talented athletes compete , not shy animals terrorized , " People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals the Pittsburgh Penguins in a letter to the team . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Our critic says the new Wolverine movie , " Logan , " is good enough that you might forget it ’s a    movie . The film marks the 10th time that Hugh Jackman has played Logan , but it ’s a major shift in style from the rest of the franchise . " It ’s part western , part    Logan kind of The film in which a stranger steps from the shadows and shakes off his isolation and The film burden long enough to right whatever wrong needs righting , " she says . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , if you ’ll be sticking with a smaller screen this weekend , you may want to consult our guide to what ’s streaming in March . At the beginning of every month , streaming services add a new batch of movies and TV shows to their libraries . Here are the titles we think are most interesting , from Hulu , Netflix , HBO and Amazon . Highlights include the streaming services Mel Brooks comedy classic " Blazing Saddles , " the Australian New Queer Cinema cult film " ‘ The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert , " and newer fare like the Netflix original series " Love , " a romantic dramedy produced by Judd Apatow . Have a great weekend . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want Your Evening Briefing ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 