Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro said Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro " aspires , expects , and will work for " a friendly relationship with    Donald Trump , despite   Donald Trump emphasizing support for Venezuela ’s    opposition in Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro campaign platform . [ " I aspire , hope , and will work so that , hopefully , with the next presidency with Donald Trump , an independent , Bolivarian Venezuela , peaceful and revolutionary , will have the best respectful relations with the United States of America , " Maduro said on Maduro radio show , In Contact with Maduro ( Maduro hosts multiple programs on government media , including Maduro (Maduro latest offering , Salsa Time ) .   Maduro said Maduro hoped Trump would " overcome the errors made against Venezuela and Latin America , grave errors committed by George W. Bush that , lamentably , President Obama deepened . " Maduro has railed for months against President Obama decision to deem Maduro government a " national security threat , " officially imposing sanctions against the socialist regime for its antagonistic the socialist regime in Latin America and human rights abuses against its Latin America citizens . Maduro also boasted that Maduro predicted Trump ’s victory : " I said it in May 2016 , it looks like the currents of change   —    deep within an American people tired of    unemployment , hunger salaries , lack of opportunity   —    are aligning against Clinton . " Maduro was referring to statements that he made in Maduro of Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders , " my revolutionary friend . " Maduro argued at Maduro time that Sanders would win Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders election if American elections were " free " and not governed by the electoral college system , in a rant in which he claimed Americans Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders do not have the right to work , to stability , to a salary , they do not have the right to public health , free quality public education at all levels . Of Trump , he said the Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders " could win given the electoral system the electoral college system he is channeling the forces the candidate change " in America . Maduro pilloried Trump for months , however Trump in a manner that makes his current friendly overtures seem Maduro . Maduro has referred to Trump Maduro a " bandit Trump " " thief , " " bigwig , " and " mental patient . " He reportedly sent a private Maduro Trump ’s way following the Trump election earlier this month , however , through Secretary of State John Kerry . As a presidential candidate , Trump made opposition to the Trump President ’s socialist dictatorship a staple of his proposed foreign policy . the Venezuelan President Venezuela has been run into the ground by socialists , " Trump said in September , Trump The next President of the United States must stand in solidarity with all people oppressed in our hemisphere , and I will stand with the oppressed people of Venezuela yearning to be free Venezuela " Shortly before the election , Trump reiterated that he would Trump " solidarity Trump the suffering people of Cuba and Venezuela , concentrated in the Venezuela [ Florida ] area , against the oppression of the Castro and Maduro regimes . " Trump appears to have inspired Trump of Maduro ’s allies to attempt Maduro improve their standing in Washington ’s some of Maduro , however . Syrian dictator Bashar    one of Maduro ’s only international supporters Maduro has referred to Trump as a " natural ally " in that he has argued for prioritizing Syrian dictator Bashar   one of Maduro fight against the Islamic State in Syria . Assad , of course , has not done this , instead focusing his troops’ efforts in massacring Assad in areas with no known Islamic State presence , like Aleppo . Assad ’s patron , Russian Assad Putin , has also called Trump and issued a public statement through a spokesman , vowing to cooperate to boost bilateral ties despite a record of supporting America ’s enemies globally . 
 