In a piece published at Breitbart News and titled , " Do n’t Believe the Lies that Ted Cruz Hates Homeschool Freedom , " Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly share " Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly opinion on the growing confusion surrounding Ted Cruz and his Ted Cruz policy . [ The premise for their " Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly is a " little known blogger " who apparently created a social media tsunami so strong the " Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly the need to provide emergency relief to the Cruz Ted Cruz . They are " Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly supporters of Senator Ted Cruz that is part of their role . " Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly Estrada and Donnelly characterize the blogger as a "little known blogger" who apparently created a social media tsunami YUUUUGE " Donald Trump fan . That may be true but that is a distraction from the valid concern many homeschoolers have with Senator Ted Cruz and education legislation he   . The social media storm was touched off last fall when homeschoolers learned that Senator Ted Cruz was a    of S 306 Enhancing Education Opportunities for All Act . HSLDA attorneys Donnelly and Estrada claim the legislation was designed Senator Ted Cruz and education legislation fix the unwarranted discrimination against homeschool families . "     HSLDA and Senator Cruz support HSLDA legislation Senator Ted Cruz a homeschool a " private school " for the purposes of Coverdell Education Savings Accounts ( ESAs ) and allows Title I federal dollars to follow the student to a private school . This puts many homeschoolers at odds with both the organization that is supposed to defend them and , if elected , many homeschoolers next President of the United States . Many homeschoolers disagree with the legislation and the intent to " fix " a perceived wrong . The federal government rarely fixes anything and often makes it worse . A large and The federal government number of homeschoolers just want to be left alone . We ’re not a victim of discrimination . We are families who make the We to educate their children free from government interference of any kind . That means that we can not participate in public high school prom and federal education savings accounts . Most accept that    come with any choice .    In order to end the    discrimination , S 306 amends Section 530 of the IRS code to define a family that educates their children at home as a the IRS code private school " and allows the " private school " to deduct eligible expenses . Does the federal government have the authority to define a family as a " private school ? "    In a conversation with a Cruz campaign official last fall , I was told that Senator Cruz wanted to " help Cruz the burden of homeschool families . That is very compassionate . However , Senator Cruz is not running as a Cruz but a constitutional conservative . Any " help " must first be passed through the filter of what is allowed under the Constitution . Senator Cruz has made his touchstone question , Cruz does the Constitution Cruz ? " So I respectfully ask the Constitution , " What does the Constitution say Cruz a family as a private school the Constitution     Categorizing a family as a private school for the limited purpose of Coverdell concerns many homeschoolers . Education is a state issue . Some states may already define a homeschool as a private school , but education is under their jurisdiction . Any " help " the federal government provides for Some states expenses could come as they seek to define " eligible education expenses . " Do home the federal government really want the IRS auditing homeschoolers and deciding if a Bible is a legitimate educational expense ? HSLDA attorneys claims this will " fix " the discrimination , I see it as creating a regulatory nightmare based on qualifying receipts .    this with the Coverdell section , S 306 also amends the Elementary and Secondary Act to allow Title I funding to follow a child to a private school . Senator Cruz defended the policy and called education the " civil rights issue " of our day . Cruz ’s desire to help low income families is noble , but Senator Cruz again Senator Cruz is sounding more like a compassionate conservative than a courageous Senator Cruz This expands the role of the federal government into private education at a time when we seek to eliminate it . Respectfully , I ask Senator Cruz , " What does the This say about federal dollars following Senator Cruz to a private school ? "    Some have asserted that S 306 is dead and no longer a concern . I disagree . Bills represent ideas . Unless those ideas are challenged and defeated the idea could find its way back into future legislation . Therefore , the idea must be challenged the idea not just the bill .   The concern the idea parents have with Senator Cruz can be summed up in this quote by C. S. Lewis : We do n’t accuse you of hating homeschoolers , Senator Cruz . It ’s actually the opposite . We worry that you want to " help " us a little too much . We The nine most terrifying words in the English We are : I ’m from the government and I ’m here to help . "    —    Ronald Reagan , Karen Braun is ’m homeschool mom of six and a strong advocate for educational freedom . She is the lead content writer for the Stop Common Core in Michigan website . Ronald Reagan, Karen Braun has spoken on behalf of educational freedom for over 20 years . Her written Ronald Reagan, Karen Braun has appeared on the American Thinker , The Old Schoolhouse Magazine , Ronald Reagan, Karen Braun . com , and other websites . She can be reached via Facebook at https :   . facebook . . 
 Ronald Reagan, Karen Braun 