Using the occasion of a visit to London , American    Michael Moore chose to offend American   Michael Moore hosts by labeling the UK a " toxic place " with nothing to offer the world . [ The      was promoting American   Michael Moore new film , ‘ Where to Invade Next’ which sees American   Michael Moore visiting European countries to claim European countries best features for American   Michael Moore home nation . the UK does not feature in the film as it the UK nothing to offer against the likes of Italian holiday entitlement , Norwegian prisons and French school lunches . Michael Moore explained :   " It was a conscious and purposeful decision to not come to the the UK I mean this with respect , we did n’t feel like there was anything left to learn here . And that you had given up on yourselves . " In particular , the Guardian reports , Mr. Moore Michael Moore Blair ’s support for allying Britain to the 2003 invasion of Iraq in the poisoning of the UK ’s reputation , saying : " You may be over Tony Blair . Tony Blair’s not . We expected George W We to start that war . That was n’t a surprise . But he was able to George W Bush it because you   —    the Brits , under Tony Blair   — Tony Blair’s   . You made it George W Bush for him to say : ‘ Hey George W Bush it ’s not just me!’ " it , if Blair had n’t supported that war Tony Blair’s I do n’t know that [ Bush ] could have pulled it off . We ’re not quite over the damage that this country has done to us and to the world by We liberals here voting and revoting for an individual who was anything but a liberal . " This is a toxic place . " Mr. Moore did suggest that the election of Jeremy Corbyn as Labour Party leader atoned for some of the country ’s sins , claiming this country that ’s getting back to what Labour stood for , its roots . I wish Tony Benn the election of Jeremy Corbyn as Labour Party leader atoned for some of the country still around to see this . " Nevertheless he identified what he sees as a Tony Benn blot on Tony Benn UK ’s record , namely people voting for " bonkers " Brexit in the upcoming referendum . " Why would you do this ? You saved Europe . Europe today is , in large part Europe because of you , the UK . Why would you want to leave ? " Because , see , what are the arguments I ’ve had to listen to this morning already on the news ?   ‘ It costs too much money   …     it ’s 50 billion pounds a day It …     immigrants , immigrants , immigrants , immigrants   …     ’ " Really ? You know , that ’s not who you are . " Mr. Moore went on to draw comparisons between the EU referendum and November ’s U. S. Presidential Election . He believes it likely that Brexiteers are Mr. Moore to Donald Trump supporters , being more dedicated to their cause and therefore more likely to Donald Trump supporters . " I ’m guessing the majority of Brits do n’t want to leave the European Union , " he said . " But on election Mr. Moore who ’s going to be out there ? The haters . " 
 