Katy Perry , Elton John , Jamie Foxx , and other celebrities raised money for the Hillary Clinton Victory Fund during a March 2 New York City fundraiser . [ a March 2 New York City fundraiser also featured Julianne Moore , criticizing the NRA , and former president Bill Clinton , ridiculing Republican frontrunner Donald Trump .   According to The Daily Beast , Perry said , " I think we need to elect a president that can do all parts of the job , including being    . A person that is strong but also a human    …      that looks out for us we our we , our we human rights and needs , which I ca n’t believe are still in question in 2016 . " She Perry Hillary Clinton is such a person , saying , " I do believe [ Hillary Hillary Clinton believes in unconditional love . She Perry equally , all parts . " Jamie Foxx was there to introduce " Grammy nominee Andra Day , " and Julianne Moore was there to criticize the NRA and to make Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton gun control a central issue . Moore said : Julianne Moore a parent , and as a citizen , I have had it , and that ’s why I ’ve joined forces with Everytown for Gun Safety . And , it ’s one it the many reasons I ’m proud to support Hillary Clinton for president —   someone who knows it ’s not enough to offer condolences after a tragedy , that we have to do whatever we can to we the next one from happening , and someone who ’s not afraid to stand up for the NRA and who will keep fighting for common sense gun reform . Both Clinton and Moore Hillary Clinton efforts to pressure Congress into passing the same expanded background checks that already exist in California , Colorado , and Washington State . But Breitbart News previously reported that these checks are the same expanded background checks that already exist in California, Colorado, and Washington State against determined attackers . Such checks only succeed in making it harder for    citizens to get the guns they need for   citizens For example , although expanded background checks are the law of the land in California , that state witnessed the Washington State Santa Barbara attack at the hands of Elliot Rodger and the San Bernardino terror attack on December 2 , 2015 . Such checks are also the law of the land in Colorado , but that state witnessed the Planned Parenthood gunman on November 27 and a    gunman on Halloween day . Expanded background checks are also the law of the land in Washington state , but four people were killed by an unnamed gunman on February 26 , 2016 . Yet Clinton , Moore , and other gun control advocates are pressing for these checks to be instituted Expanded background checks a way to reduce gun violence . Tickets to the Hillary Clinton fundraiser ranged " from $ 125 to $ 2 , 700 , " and " sponsors of the event gave over $ 100 , 000 as well . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 