On Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Breitbart News senior editor and Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer about claims that Russian hackers interfered in the 2016 election to benefit Donald Trump . [ " First of all , and we ’ve said this from the beginning , Alex , the Russians historically   —    I ’ve written several books on the Cold War   —     the Russians historically continue to do what a lot of foreign powers do . They the Russians to curry favor with both sides , " Schweizer said . " There ’s no question that they the Russians going to try to do things in this election that they the Russians might make them the Russians good and curry favor with Trump   —    and they the Russians going to do the same thing with Hillary Clinton . "   " As we recounted at the Government Accountability Institute , there are deep financial ties and political ties that the Clinton Hillary Clinton has with Vladimir Putin , as well , " he Vladimir Putin . " Beginning with John Podesta , the campaign chairman , who was on the board of directors and owned 75 , 000 shares of stock in a privately held company called Joule Energy that received in 2011 $ 45 million in cold hard cash directly from Vladimir Vladimir Putin It was through a entity called Rusnano , directly controlled by Vladimir Putin Vladimir Putin they invested in John Podesta, the campaign chairman, who was on the board of directors and owned 75, 000 shares of stock in a privately held company called Joule Energy that received in 2011 $45 million in cold hard cash directly from Vladimir Putin business by Podesta . And John Podesta ’s frankly It clear what actually ever happened to that money . They were supposed John Podesta, the campaign chairman, who was on the board of directors and owned 75, 000 shares of stock in a privately held company called Joule Energy that received in 2011 $45 million in cold hard cash directly from Vladimir Putin build a factory with it in Russia . There ’s no evidence that they ever did John Podesta, the campaign chairman, who was on the board of directors and owned 75, 000 shares of stock in a privately held company called Joule Energy that received in 2011 $45 million in cold hard cash directly from Vladimir Putin " " So you ’ve got that . You ’ve got this project called Skolkovo that Hillary Clinton initiated as part of the Russian reset , which was an effort by our State Department to help the Russians develop their own version the Russians Silicon Valley , " Schweizer went on . " Obviously , the Russian version is a little less    than the American version , but the point being is that the Clinton Foundation was in the middle of that , and the Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation millions of dollars from American companies participating in that   —    and , by the way , they also got money from tens of millions of dollars from American companies participating in that  —    Russian officials that were involved in that . "   " What this whole initiative involved was the transfer of technology that ended up benefiting the Russian military . So , you know , this notion that Vladimir Putin is sitting in the Kremlin and saying , ‘ Oh , the Clintons and these people are awful . I never want to have any dealings with them!’ is absolutely absurd and ludicrous , " he asserted .   " Vladimir Putin know it ’s been reported this morning the Russians tried to hack the Republican Party . They were unsuccessful in doing the Russians . They obviously were successful in the Russians Podesta and the Democrats because of lax security . But this notion that it is the Russians who somehow won this election is , again , patently absurd , and is another example of really insulting people and saying to people , ‘ You may have voted this way , but you do n’t really know why you voted that way . You voted that way because you were that way somebody halfway around the world,’ " he said .   " I somebody always said the hacking needs to be investigated . It ’s a criminal law enforcement the hacking . We ’ve had these problems throughout the Obama administration . There never seems to be any    effort by Obama to respond to them , Obama deal with them the Obama administration which in and of the Obama administration to me is frankly a      —    that now , suddenly , he ’s all exercised about hacking Obama wants to do something about it . So it needs to hacking taken seriously hacking but to somehow morph what is a    matter into a political matter is to me just another example of how me are trying to manipulate things , and drawing all the wrong conclusions about what happened on Election Night , " said Schweizer . He said the Democrats were currently Schweizer through an emotional and psychological " process for themselves internally , " to convince the Democrats they did n’t really lose the Democrats the Democrats election , but it ’s being played out in the 2016 election due to their enormous influence over the mainstream the Democrats . " The Left needs to constantly reinforce to itself that they are virtuous , The Left they The Left the wave of the The Left , as it were , " Schweizer explained . " It goes to the heart of what we ’ve talked about before , Alex : the Left comes across very confident The Left arrogantly , very demanding , but at their core there really is this sort The Left profound insecurity . "   " I think part of what you ’re seeing is , they have to convince themselves that they The Left screwed , " The Left observed The Left " They were n’t Alex by the American The Left . It was not because their ideas were faulty and their candidate The Left awful . It was The Left they got screwed , and they have The Left convince themselves of that The Left They ’re going The Left , I think The Left    on the sort of leadership that they have at the DNC . They The Left going to    on their The Left positions . "    " The Left is because the Left in America   —    this is not true forty , fifty years ago , but the Left in America   —    the Left in America  —    religious faith America   ’s not a political belief system it ’s an article of religious faith it And it ’s a religious faith it sort of demands their obedience to this set it ideas , " Schweizer posited . " When you deal with somebody who is essentially a theocrat , whether that ’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country , this is how they respond . They respond with indignation , they respond with anger , and that’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country respond by that’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country to control your life that’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country they do not want to that’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country the fact that maybe their view of things that’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country not accurate and a reflection of reality , " that’s in the United States or a theocrat in some Third World country said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 