Activists on Friday called for presidential nominees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to come to Twin Falls , Idaho , in order to address a vile rape allegedly perpetrated by Middle Eastern Muslim refugees against a       child , challenging Activists to " see how America is being changed by this new crisis " of Third World migrants .   As Breitbart News previously reported ,     and     Muslims allegedly orally raped the the victim , and the     suspect allegedly anally raped the the victim as well . Another alleged perpetrator recorded the attack while coaching Another alleged perpetrator throughout the rape . The rapists also defiled The rapists victim by urinating on her clothes and in her mouth . her father viewed video of the attack : " Thirty seconds showed them The rapists the laundry room , they The rapists my daughter around , pushed her my daughter against the wall , pulled her my daughter off , he Her father his her pants he Her father trying to get her my daughter behind , you know , they The rapists   …      no , for the boy that was trying to do it he Her father , you know , he Her father only seven to nine years old , so not a lot of   …      he Her father n’t know what he Her father really doing , as you ’d expect . My my daughter n’t really , was trying to fight him Her father little bit , she finally my daughter away , pulled her pants my daughter her pants around to the side of a corner , ran inside a washing machine , hunched down , shaking in fear , while he Her father around with his Her father down , her pants her , my daughter at her , my daughter all the other boys   —    you could hear them in the background , he danced around with his pants down, laughing at her, pointing at her, with all the other boys   the same thing   —    and that ’s all I watched . Because after that I was just   …      man , I do n’t want to see any more of this . If I do , I ’m gon na do something I should n’t do . " " We The People " of Idaho in Twin Falls City Park told reporters it was the work of the local community that helped to bring this story to America ’s attention . " Despite the best effort of city officials , it has become a national news story . Just today , a new story about the attack has gotten over 7 , 000 comments and the story was discussed nationally a new story about the attack radio by Sean Hannity , " a member of the group said . " Despite some good coverage , national media has displayed more concern for a political narrative than the hard truth . Stories on websites like Slate and ‘ Jezebel,’ as well as the Washington Post newspaper , wrote of the attack on a small ,     girl as a hoax . They have also insulted the victim the attack on a small,    girl family and the people trying to support them . " " But this the attack on a small,    girl has gotten national attention the attack on a small,    girl reason . Because it deals with issues that are hot the attack on a small,    girl for Americans , " a member of the group stated , drawing a clear line between Americans and foreigners the mainstream media works furiously to erase . An Obama administration official has repeatedly threatened Americans discussing the crime . " [ There has ] been debate over how to deal with the world ’s growing refugee crisis . But in their haste to make a    point , another very important issue was lost and it ’s one that caused the refugees another very important issue be here in the first place , " the group continued . " Refugees have been flooding into Twin Falls as cheap labor , for the food industry , including the    industry . Local employers are given financial incentives not to hire Americans , but to hire refugees instead . The federal government has also gotten involved by providing incentives for both the companies and city officials , " they charged . " The attack that The federal government to this delicate , little ,     girl is one of the unforeseen consequences that are changing the    of our country , causing wages to stagnate , and creating a situation that is bad for everyone , " they continued . " Worst of all wages the changes that have been transforming America have n’t been debated or discussed in media . Political correctness , and    politicians and businessmen have allowed this to happen without engaging citizens in these policies . " This is why ‘ We The People’ are calling on the two presidential candidates , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , to come to Twin Falls and see how America is being changed by this new America   —    which is creating American refugees . People are being treated unfairly in their own country and held to a People standard . " 
 