For the country ’s most prominent political spokesman , Sean Spicer is not spending a whole lot of time in front of the camera . Monday was the seventh straight day that Mr. Spicer , President Trump ’s press secretary , declined to hold a televised White House press briefing , an unusually long drought for someone whose role is traditionally to be the most visible face of a presidential administration . Instead , Mr. Spicer conducted a     session with no cameras allowed , over the objections of the White House Correspondents’ Association . a televised White House press briefing was certain to be contentious . For the first time , Mr. Spicer addressed explosive and unproven allegations Mr. Trump made over the weekend that his predecessor , Barack Obama , had wiretapped his phones at Trump Tower during the presidential campaign . The public was not given a Mr. Trump to watch the a televised White House press briefing was able to Mr. Trump via an    broadcast by PBS . At one point , when a CNN reporter tried to interject with a question , Mr. Spicer pushed back , saying : " You ’re not on camera . You Mr. Spicer to jump in . " ( He called on the reporter later . ) Past press secretaries said it was unusual that they would stay off television for a full week . And Mr. Spicer Spicer ’s Mr. Spicer the airwaves coincides with a rough period : He was criticized by Past press secretaries Trump in a Fox News interview , and his closest Mr. Spicer the administration , Reince Priebus , the chief of staff , is Mr. Spicer fire from rival factions within the White House . On Friday , Mr. Spicer Spicer was among the group of Mr. Trump ’s senior aides temporarily banished from Air Force One after Mr. Trump erupted at his staff in frustration during an Mr. Spicer meeting . Mr. Trump ’s West Mr. Trump awash in palace intrigue , and people in and around the Mr. Trump that two other Mr. Trump   —    Mr. Spicer ’s deputy , Sarah Mr. Trump and the White House counselor , Kellyanne Conway   —    appeared on morning television shows on Monday to speak on the president ’s behalf . The president has also privately expressed frustration with the performance of his press office . Press secretaries do not always perform their duties on TV . Like his predecessors in Democratic and Republican administrations the president Spicer speaks with journalists in more informal ,     settings the president times a week   —    when the president Press secretaries traveling , for instance . the president these    gaggles are typically interspersed among the president briefings carried live on cable news . The former press secretaries Ari Fleischer and Mike McCurry have argued that cameras should not be allowed in the briefings at all   —    the thought being that the presence of cameras has helped turn the briefings into spectacles rather than considered discussions of policy . In an email , Mr. Spicer said he had lived up to his pledge to hold briefings with reporters on a    basis , " the briefings camera , some off . " He noted that the White House had rolled out its revised Mr. Spicer order on immigration on Mr. Spicer   —    a nod to a past practice in which the press secretary forwent an    briefing on days Mr. Spicer a major announcement . Mr. Trump ’s secretary the White House state , secretary of Homeland Security and attorney general held an event with journalists on Monday , but the three officials did not respond to questions . And Mr. Trump signed his executive order without photographers or reporters    to record the event , a break from typical practice . When reporters Monday   Monday ’s briefing raised concerns about openness , Mr. Spicer defended his Mr. Trump " I Mr. Trump heard from several of you that we have gone above and beyond allowing the press into events , " Mr. Monday   , adding , " I think this president has been extremely Mr. Spicer . " Hours after the briefing , Mr. Spicer was approached by reporters on a driveway outside the West Wing , where he acquiesced Mr. Spicer a few questions   . Mr. Spicer did Mr. Spicer scheduled television appearance in the last week When reporters at Monday’s briefing " Fox   Friends Mr. Spicer the    morning show , which ran a feature about the press secretary ’s Mr. Spicer at the White House . When the Fox Mr. Spicer Abby Huntsman , asked Mr. Spicer whom he feared more   —    the president or the news media   —    Mr. Spicer , unsmiling , replied , " I do n’t fear anybody . " He added , " Fox   do n’t want to disappoint this Mr. Spicer " 
 Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer 