Following up a Donald Trump assassination joke on Saturday , liberal talk show host Bill Maher said Monday that Bill Maher would rather vote for a " dead " Hillary Clinton over Hillary Clinton Republican challenger Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election . [ In a tweet Monday afternoon , the host of HBO ’s Real Time dismissed concerns about Hillary Clinton newly diagnosed pneumonia , arguing that he Hillary Clinton prefer a deathly ill Clinton Hillary Clinton what he Hillary Clinton the " tangerine nightmare " of Trump .   " Pneumonia ? I ’d vote for Dead Hillary in this race , " Maher tweeted . " She Dead Hillary be Patient Zero for Bubonic Plague , still better than # TangerineNightmare . " Pneumonia ? I ’d vote for Dead Dead Hillary this race this race could Dead Hillary Patient Zero for Bubonic Plague , Bubonic Plague than # TangerineNightmare ,   —    Bill Maher ( @billmaher ) September 13 , 2016 ,   Maher has Maher to Twitter in recent weeks to post his thoughts on the Maher . The     comedian has previously compared Trump to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler . I like # GaryJohnson , but # Aleppo is not one of the Marx Brothers . Do n’t fuck around with this election vote for Hillary , nobody ’s perfect .   —    Bill Maher ( @billmaher ) September 8 , 2016 ,   To those who say # Trump spoke 2 diff messages to 2 diff audiences today , he says " Exactly . #Trump In a stupid country , that works . Be very afraid .   —    Bill Maher ( @billmaher ) September 1 , 2016 ,   Media is " the lowest form of life " ( @realDonaldTrump ) but Hillary = bad because she wo n’t have a Hillary conference ? How can both be true ?   —    Bill Maher ( @billmaher ) August 23 , 2016 ,   During a    performance in Washington , D. C. on Saturday , Maher suggested that with the 2016 race between Clinton and Trump " tightening , " somebody " is going to have to go out there " and remedy the situation , referencing the recent release of John Hinckley Jr.   —    the man who attempted to assassinate President Ronald Reagan in 1981   —    from a psychiatric facility earlier this month . " I ’m nervous with this election , " Maher told the audience at the DAR Constitution Hall . " I saw the headline today : ‘ Race tightening , Trump ahead in Ohio and Florida.’ If this race is even the week before the election , somebody is this election have to go out there   …      Why do you think they let Hinckley out ? " Concerns about Hillary Clinton ’s health received renewed attention on Sunday when a video surfaced online showing the candidate apparently requiring help to get into her motorcade van . The Clinton Hillary Clinton’s said the candidate had Hillary Clinton’s a September the candidate apparently requiring help to get into her motorcade van event in New York City early on Sunday due to " overheating . Sunday However , Clinton ’s physician , Dr. Lisa Hillary Clinton’s later said in a statement that the candidate had been diagnosed with pneumonia on the candidate apparently requiring help to get into her motorcade van Clinton has since cancelled a scheduled fundraising Hillary Clinton’s to California and is reportedly resting at her home in Chappaqua , New York Hillary Clinton’s    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 