CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Donald Trump made history on Wednesday night , not just by accepting his party ’s presidential nomination , and not just by delivering the longest speech in party convention history , but also by embracing both gays and evangelical Christians in the same address . [   Donald Trump stood up for gays against radical Islamic terrorism , and later thanked evangelicals , promising to repeal the Johnson Amendment , which prevents churches from endorsing political candidates .   The relevant portions of   Donald Trump ’s speech follow . First , his comments on protecting the gay community : Only weeks ago , in Orlando , Florida , 49 wonderful Americans were savagely murdered by an Islamic terrorist . This time , an Islamic terrorist targeted LGBTQ community . No good , and we ’re gon na stop it . As your president , I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology . Believe me . Later , his comments thanking evangelicals : At this moment , I would like to thank the evangelical and religious community because I ’ll tell you what , the support they the evangelical and religious community given me , and I ’m not sure I totally deserve it , has been so awesome and has had such a big reason for me being here tonight . True , so true . They the evangelical and religious community much to contribute to our politics , yet our our prevent you from speaking your minds from your own pulpits . An amendment which , by Lyndon Johnson , many years ago , threatens religious institutions with a loss of their religious institutions status if they religious institutions advocate their religious institutions views . I am going to work very hard to repeal that language and protect free speech for all Americans . Note the touch of humility in his appeal to evangelicals : " I ’m not sure I totally deserve it . " The crowd liked that one . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him Regnery Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 