Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gave a major foreign policy address on Wednesday morning in Philadelphia , ahead of a "   " forum Wednesday evening in New York , where Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will appear after rival Hillary Clinton . [ The speech was    calm , and effective .   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump attacked rival Hillary Clinton as " " and lacking the " temperament " to serve as    . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called for enforcement of laws regarding classified information , in a dig at rival Hillary Clinton email scandal . And Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump laid out a comprehensive series of policy steps to achieve Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump goals of a stronger military , such as ending the defense " sequester " cuts while offsetting the restored expenditures with cuts to discretionary spending in other places . In one of the most stirring moments of the speech , Trump defended national symbols like the flag , an implicit rebuke to Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) who has defended 49ers quarterback Colin Kapernick over his Trump to boycott the national anthem . In short , it was one of the most effective speeches of Trump Trump entire campaign   —    which is why the media , with a few exceptions , are ignoring it entire campaign   The New York Times ran a short piece , " Trump Vows to Bolster Nation ’s Military Capacities , " placed far down on the home page of the " paper of record . " The article noted that Trump Trump his Trump " with the aid of teleprompters , " and speculated his Trump to lift the sequester " is unlikely to gain traction in the nation ’s capital " ( because Democrats oppose it ) . Politico , like the Times , ran the story underneath other Trump Trump policy stories , under the headline , " Trump Trump Clinton as ‘ ’ and ‘ very unstable’ . " CNN , which carried the speech live and convened a panel discussion about it the speech , seemed flummoxed . Unable to find a clear avenue of attack , its the speech brought up other controversies instead . Later on Wednesday , CNN CNN a segment reviving Trump ’s past calls for President Barack Obama ’s birth certificate . Yet the media could not quite stifle the the speech success . In an interview on CNN CNN Rep. Steve Israel ( ) had to admit that when Trump is reading from a prepared text , he " Trump n’t sound so crazy . " ( The implication : the real Trump crazy Trump ) Israel also Rep. Steve Israel that Trump ’s comments about Trump Clinton ’s    of classified information were nullified by his call for Russia Trump’s comments about Hillary Clinton hack her emails . When Hillary Clinton Blitzer noted Trump claimed to have Trump joking , Israel conceded Rep. Steve Israel point . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Wolf Blitzer . 
 