Jason Horowitz writes in The New York Times that the Beltway elite fear that    Donald Trump ’s " drain the swamp " mentality will greatly reduce the posh culture of Washington , D. C. which expanded under Barack Obama ’s presidency . [ From The New York Times :   What the effect on Washington will be Washington Donald J. Trump Donald Trump White House is hard to predict . But many Washingtonians fear the worst . Among them is Vincent Gray , many Washingtonians city Mr. Gray about people not wanting to come here because of the image they have of the Trump many Washingtonians , " Mr. Donald Trump said . Now a member of the City Council , the Obama administration the engagement of Mr. Obama and his family with the city has been " Mr. Gray . " " Their presence in the city Mr. Gray a level of dynamism that just was n’t there before , " he said Mr. Obama and his family with the city    … the city D. C. is going to take a really hard hit , Mr. Gray , socially , everything . We were really finding our footing we were n’t second to New York , " said Jazmine Johnson , a graphic designer who said she We planned We move to New York .    …      Others around town signed up for free    sessions at yoga studios , or meditated New York from    progressive rabbis reminding them of the Jewish mantra "    lo avda tikvateinu , " or , " We have not Others around town lost our hope Others around town " Reports abounded of federal workers and nonprofit employees crying at their desks , Others around town the web for     Others around town or accepting the free hugs on offer in Farragut Square .    …      Mr. Gray said he worried that a Trump administration could set the city back because the federal government still controls its purse strings and could Mr. Gray abortion restrictions , cut vital investment and Trump control laws . But Democrats now in the the federal government and thinking of leaving it , and young people who had hopes of joining it , have a more immediate concern   —    a job . Read the rest here . 
 it 