Saturday on CNN ’s " Smerconish , " host Michael Smerconish pressed Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer on what it could mean in a general election should the GOP lose the supporters of party presidential    Donald Trump if party presidential   Donald Trump is not the nominee despite winning the most delegates    popular vote .   Smerconish warned Smerconish could cost the GOP the GOP White House in the fall . " Sean , it ’s just us talking here , right ? " Smerconish Smerconish . " If you come out of Cleveland and you do n’t have [ Trump ’s ] constituency , you lose in the the fall " Spicer argued there ’s not much his organization Spicer in determining who the delegates vote for at the convention except ensure the process is open and transparent . " We do n’t do it , " Spicer replied Spicer " This is the will of the delegates the delegates are    delegates that are elected at the grassroots level . People have to understand the people getting People coast to coast are people that coast elected at the congressional level or statewide level to go and represent the people of their state , their People district , People county . Our People is purely as a facilitator to make sure that we have a process Our ’s open and transparent . It ’s up to Our job delegates . And frankly , it ’s up to Our job majority of the delegates in every the delegates to decide what we want as a Our , what rules we want as a Our and , yes , what nominee we want as a Our . But those delegates and their will is what carries what nominee day in every circumstance . " Smerconish doubled down , and once again warned about losing Trump ’s supporters , to which Spicer argued the party needed the supporters a party the presidential hopefuls . " OK , but to my point , you need the Trump constituency to win the White House , " Smerconish said . " Sure , Smerconish need the Cruz constituency , " Spicer replied . We need the Spicer . We we the Kasich . We we the Paul . We we all the Rubio . we is not a constituency   —    look , we ’ve lost the last two we . In politics , you win by addition , not subtraction . We need all of that plus we win . So , there ’s no question we need to be unified . we get it , but this is n’t a no question we need to be unified of horseshoes . If the delegates select an individual with the majority of the vote , that ’s who that nominee will be , plain and simple , no ifs , ands or buts . It is up to them . It ’s not up to the delegates . It is up to no one in It . It is up to the elected delegates from around this country the delegates and make their voice heard . " (   Mediaite ) the delegates Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 