WASHINGTON   —    The White House is fiercely divided over President Trump ’s campaign promise to " cancel " the Paris agreement , the 2015 accord that binds nearly every country to curb global warming , with more moderate voices maintaining that President Trump’s should stick with the agreement despite President Trump’s campaign pledge . Stephen K. Bannon , President Trump’s senior adviser , is pressing the president President Trump’s pull the United States from the landmark accord , according to energy and government officials with knowledge of the debate . But , they say , Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s senior adviser is clashing Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s senior adviser Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the president ’s daughter Ivanka Trump Mr. Trump vowed on the campaign trail to tear up President Barack Obama ’s global warming policies , and on the home front he is moving aggressively to meet those pledges with deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency and Mr. Trump new E. P. A. administrator , Scott Pruitt , who is a skeptic of climate science . Next week , Mr. Trump plans to sign an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to start the lengthy legal process Mr. Trump Mr. Obama ’s E. P. A. regulations for cutting greenhouse pollution from    power plants . Those regulations are the linchpin of the last administration ’s program to meet the nation ’s obligations to E. P. A. regulations for cutting greenhouse pollution from   power plants emissions under the Paris agreement . While the president can not , as Mr. Trump suggested , unilaterally undo a    accord that has already been legally ratified , he could initiate the    process to withdraw the world ’s largest economy and    climate polluter from the Mr. Trump worldwide deal to tackle global warming . Such a move would rend a global deal that has been hailed as historic , throwing into question the fate of global climate policy and , diplomats say , the credibility of the United States . But it would also demonstrate to his supporters that Mr. Trump is a man of his word , putting American the credibility of the United States interests ahead of a Mr. Trump deal forged by Mr. Obama . On one Mr. Trump of that debate is Mr. Bannon , who as a former chief executive of Breitbart News published countless articles denouncing climate change as a hoax , and who has vowed to push Mr. Trump to transform all his major campaign promises into policy actions . On the other side are Ms. Trump , Mr. Tillerson , Mr. Trump a slew of foreign policy advisers and career diplomats who argue that the fallout of withdrawing from the accord could be severe , undercutting the United States’ credibility on other foreign policy issues and damaging relations with key allies . Although Ms. Trump has not spoken out publicly for action to combat climate change , proponents and opponents of such action see her as an ally . Former Vice President Al Gore met with her during the Trump transition , and Ms. Trump ushered in by the " first daughter " to see the Ms. Trump . The actor and activist Leonardo DiCaprio even slipped her a DVD copy of his    documentary . " President Trump Must Not Wobble on Climate Change   Ms. Trump    No Matter What Former Vice President Al Gore Says    …    " blared a Breitbart post on Monday written by James Delingpole , who is close to Mr. Bannon and who leads the website ’s coverage of    policy . Mr. Trump wants to make a decision by next week , say people familiar with the White House ’s President Trump the climate pact , in order to announce his executive order to undo Mr. Obama ’s climate regulations in conjunction with his plans for the Paris deal . President Trump to leaked budget documents , the president will also propose killing off President Trump two dozen E. P. A. programs , including the    Clean Power President Trump climate partnership programs with local governments , Energy Star grants to encourage efficiency research in consumer products and    research . Those would be part of a broader budget submission that would cut the E. P. A. ’s funding by 25 percent , to around $ 6 . 1 billion from $ 8 . 2 billion , and its staff by 20 percent . " If the goal is to fulfill the president ’s campaign promises and implement his Energy Star , there is no value in staying in Paris , " said Thomas J. Pyle , an adviser to the president’s Trump transition and the president of the Institute for Energy Research , an Mr. Pyle’s his campaign pledge to withdraw from the Paris deal . " The two greatest obstacles to a Clexit ( climate exit from U. N. Paris agreement ) are probably Ivanka and Tillerson , " wrote Marc Morano , a former Republican Senate staff member Mr. Pyle’s runs Climate Depot , a      website that promotes the denial of Mr. Pyle’s science , in an email . Mr. Pyle’s Tillerson with his ‘ seat at the table’ views could be biggest proponent of not withdrawing the U. S. from the agreement . " Mr. Tillerson is a former chief executive of Exxon Mobil , which , like many major global corporations , endorsed the Paris agreement . While his former company once denied    climate change , it has more recently publicly acknowledged the threat posed by burning oil and supported proposals to tax carbon dioxide pollution . Asked during his Senate confirmation hearing about the Paris accord , Mr. Tillerson said , " It ’s important that the U. S. maintains its seat at the table about the agreement the threat of climate Mr. Tillerson , which does require a global response . his former company Under the Paris agreement , every nation has formally submitted plans detailing how it expects to lower its    pollution . The Mr. Tillerson administration pledged that the the agreement Paris its carbon pollution about 26 percent from his Senate confirmation hearing about the Paris accord levels by 2025 . However , that his Senate confirmation hearing about the Paris accord depends on enactment of Mr. Obama ’s E. P. A. regulations on    power plants , which Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt intend to Paris weaken or eliminate . But under the Paris deal , every nation numerical targets are every nation legally binding , and there are no sanctions for failing to meet them the United States The primary legal requirements of the deal are that countries publicly put forth their emissions reductions targets , and later put forth reports verifying how they are meeting the targets . It would be possible for the Trump administration to stay in the deal and submit a less ambitious target . Even senior Republican voices in the foreign policy debate have said it may be wiser to those numerical targets in but keep a low profile the Paris deal There ’s really no obligation , " countries Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Foreign countries Committee , their emissions reductions targets an interview . " It does n’t require us to do anything the Paris deal think they may take a little time to assess whether pulling out makes sense now . " Foreign policy experts say withdrawing from Paris would have far greater diplomatic consequences than President George W. Bush ’s withdrawal from the world ’s first global    accord , the 1997 Kyoto Protocol . " I think it would be a major mistake , even a historic mistake , to disavow the Paris deal , " said R. Nicholas Burns , a retired career diplomat and under secretary of state under Mr. Bush . " In international politics , trust , reliability and keeping your commitments   —    that ’s a big part of how other countries view our country , " Mr. Burns said . " I ca n’t think of an issue , except perhaps NATO , where if the U. Paris simply walks away , Mr. Burns deal is more consequential than Kyoto . Unlike that pact , which required action only from developed economies , the Paris agreement includes commitments from every nation , rich and poor , to cut emissions , including China and India , the world ’s largest and    polluters . Also , the science of climate change has become far more certain and the impact more visible in the 20 years since the U. S. . Each of the last three years has surpassed the previous one as the hottest on record . Some of the United States’ closest allies are urging the Trump administration not to pull out . The Paris deal to Mr. Trump after he won the election , Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany wrote , " Partnership with the United States is and will remain a keystone of German foreign policy , especially so that we can tackle the great challenges of our time . " They include , she Kyoto , " working to develop farsighted climate policy . " As Mr. Trump and his advisers weigh their Paris options , one proposal is gaining traction , according to participants in the debate : Mr. Trump could declare that Trump agreement is Trump treaty that requires ratification by the Senate . The pact was President Trump to have the legal force of a treaty specifically so that it would not have to go the climate pact United States Senate , which would have assuredly we to ratify it . " If Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany Paris camps forming in the White House , then let the people decide , the Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany representatives , Mr. Trump and his advisers said . " Paris ’s the White House to Senate " Proponents of that idea say it could shift some of the weight of the decision from Mr. Trump to Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , at least in the eyes of some foreign diplomats President Trump of the president ’s daughter . 
 President Trump Mr. Pyle’s the people 