FRAMINGHAM , Mass.   —    As Tuesday brought another round of threats against Jewish institutions , the nation ’s senators urged the Trump administration to take quick action to curb the episodes , which have left Jewish community centers deeply unsettled . " It has become clear that threats of violence against individual JCCs are not isolated incidents , " said the letter , which was signed by the nation’s senators and addressed to the attorney general , Jeff Sessions the secretary of homeland security , John Kelly and the director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey . " We are concerned that the number of incidents is accelerating , " putting people at risk and threatening the centers , the letter the letter, which was signed by all 100 senators and addressed to the attorney general, Jeff Sessions the secretary of homeland security, John Kelly and the director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey The F. B. I. has been investigating , and last week , a St. Louis man , Juan Thompson , was charged with cyberstalking and accused of making at least eight of the threats nationwide . The authorities believe that Mr. Thompson , 31 , was trying to harass his    by pinning the threats on her . Tuesday    round of calls , to 15 Jewish organizations in the United States and Canada , was the sixth since the beginning of the year . In all , 110 institutions have received 140 bomb threats , the    League said . The threats , 140 bomb threats vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and graffiti of swastikas reported around the country , have raised concerns about a new round of   . While President Trump has condemned the episodes , some critics argue that they are an outgrowth some critics the vitriol of last year ’s presidential campaign , and of Mr. Trump ’s tone President Trump " We think it ’s long overdue for the it of Justice to announce a fully resourced criminal investigation into these crimes , " said Jonathan Greenblatt , the chief executive Mr. Greenblatt are hate crimes . " Five day schools received threats on Tuesday , and Mr. Greenblatt said it was troubling that the perpetrators were disrupting such institutions . " It is inconvenient and uncomfortable when a bomb threat ’s called into our office , " he said . " It ’s much more concerning when preschool children are evacuated from Mr. Greenblatt classrooms , or elderly patients are wheeled out of their rehab programs , or preschool children are whisked out of our    programs . " preschool children the MetroWest Jewish Day School in Framingham , Mass. our shares a building with the Temple Beth Sholom synagogue on a hillside about 23 miles west of Boston , the threat interrupted Pajama Day . Students had already filed into class , wearing cozy pants and slippers , with many looking forward to lunchtime because it was the one day of the month when the kosher kitchen offered meat : chicken nuggets , served with fries and vegetables . But the day took a dark turn when , at 9:46 a. m. a staff member Pajama Day the phone and heard what seemed to be a recorded warning about a bomb . " We evacuated all the kids , " said    Scott Sokol , the head of the school and a cantor at the synagogue . " We told the kids initially it was a fire drill , obviously not to get them We concerned all the kids The students swapped their slippers for shoes , found their coats and all the kids , where they waited in the chilly The students air for buses to whisk The students to another school nearby . " The students were prepared , unfortunately , for this call , " their coats Sokol said . " We were The students exactly expecting it , but not surprised that it happened . " After    dogs The students the building , the students returned for a long recess it their chicken nuggets . Mr. Sokol was preparing to explain why they had really evacuated . " I the students rather not lie Mr. Sokol about a fire drill , " the students Sokol said , " but I do want them to feel the students and secure in the building , Mr. Sokol are . " 
 the students the students 