Welcome to Breitbart News ’s Live Updates of the 2016 Horse Race .    —    All times eastern . It seems like every day , Donald Trump compels someone in the Republican establishment or the conservative industrial complex to reveal someone in the Republican establishment or the conservative industrial complex character , who someone in the Republican establishment or the conservative industrial complex are , and what someone in the Republican establishment or the conservative industrial complex really think . And it ’s ugly . Today , Erick Erickson said that Donald Trump voters have " failed at life and blame others for Trump voters poor decisions . " A lot of Donald Trump voters have failed at life and blame others for others own poor decisions .   others ’re using Donald Trump as a vehicle for revenge .   —    Erick Erickson ( @EWErickson ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @EWErickson Where are the people defending your statement ? All the replies are about you being a failure .   —    Bird ( @Birds_Quest ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @EWErickson Failed at life ? I ’m    no debt , good credit , have owned 2 houses   happy . Sounds like you ’re a bitter , unhappy man .   —    Trump Rioter ( @Early__May ) April 1 , 2016 ,     @EWErickson @SaveAslave Right , Carl Icahn failed at life . You should be worried about the pending failure of your organization .   —    Mark E. Gillar ( @MarkGillar ) April 1 , 2016 ,     @EWErickson You are such a failure at deciding what kind of voters Trump has . voters are everywhere . All money spectrums . you 👎 FAIL ,   —    Moody Brew ( @MoodyBrew ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @WDFx2EU @EWErickson excuse me ? 250k year is not failure , love ! Think before you speak ! # TRUMP ,   —    Diana Verba ( @DianaVerb ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @EWErickson Really Erick ? What makes you such a genius ? I unsubscribed to your newsletter and will never listen to your radio show again !   —    mark gentry ( @tmarkgentry ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @EWErickson Wow . A broad statement indeed . I support Trump , I am a retired Army LTC combat veteran , started and sold an Internet company !   —    Dr. Rich Swier ( @drrichswier ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @EWErickson I am a trump supporter that makes 6 figures . Here is me in my house , flipping you off . pic . twitter .    —       ( @magnifier661 ) April 1 , 2016 ,   @EWErickson Same could be said of petty , little wannabe Titans of Conservatism . Who do more damage to the movement , than supporters of DT ,   —    jason kost ( @KostJason ) April 1 , 2016 ,   10:26 : Trump vows to be in Wisconsin until election day and talk about jobs , immigration and trade : I will be in Wisconsin until the election . Jobs , trade and immigration will be big factors . I will bring jobs back home   —    make great deals !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 2 , 2016 ,   10:24 : Cruz says our military wo n’t be governed by political correctness . Standing O for @tedcruz   —    very    crowd in Milwaukee   —    intro’ed by Gov Scott   Walker   calls him " a rock star " pic . twitter .    —    Chris Jansing ( @ChrisJansing ) April 2 , 2016 ,   10:10 : Cruz says Walker   inspired Walker   by standing up to the union bosses and praises Walker   ’s " courage and principle , " which is exactly the " courage and principle we need in Washington , D. C. to turn the country around . " 9:40 : Palin says enough of the " holier than thou " lectures from the    crowd who " sanctimoniously " lecture us about Trump ’s tone while they are personally responsible for policies that have cost American lives and trillions of dollars .   9:35 : Palin says Trump’s is the only candidate who shares our interest in stopping the Islamic threat by defeating ISIS and using extremists from using our porous borders that are purposely left open to infiltrated . Palin says they will recruit in the U. S. to unleash terror here and that ’s not " something to laugh at . " 9:33 : On trade , Palin says the loss of our industrial jobs represents one of the " greatest betrayals " by politicians . Palin says surrendering on free trade is not " conservative " but " radical . " And again hits Cruz on TPP without naming him . 9:32 : Palin takes a shot at Cruz without naming him for inducing more illegal immigrants with " gift baskets " and " soccer bills " with Glenn Beck . 9:30 : Palin says unscaled immigration has suffocated wages , kicked away the ladder to the middle class . And the corporate shills who are funding the    super PACs love open borders and visa programs that flood the market with more foreign workers . Glenn Beck says Trump is the only one who understands this reality . 9:28 : Palin says the professional tacticians in D. C. just sees the Republican Party as an " ATM " and the Republican Party are " shaken up " by the Trump Train . Palin says the Republican Party are trying to hang onto the Republican Party " relevancy " and " gravy train " and is leading to a " healthy cleansing " of our body politic . Palin says the D. C. elites profit with open borders and reckless foreign policy decisions that cost us our treasure and the blood our sons and daughters in uniform . Palin says the establishment ’s interests run counter to the interests of the people and common sense , which is an endangered species in Washington . 9:25 : At the Wisconsin Republican Party fundraiser , former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin says former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin dad is the biggest cheesehead and Wisconsin reminds former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin of her dad man cave . her dad played high school football with Packer great Jerry Kramer . 9:09 : Kasich says he Kasich n’t worship presidents growing up . His Kasich was Roberto Clemente and one of the few times his Kasich cried in front of him Kasich when " our hero " Clemente Roberto Clemente after the plane crash . He Kasich a Pennsylvania audience the same thing earlier in the day . 8:58 : At the Wisconsin Republican Party fundraiser , Kasich says he Kasich always been an " independent operator " and the Republican Party has been his Kasich vehicle " and not his Kasich master . " . @JohnKasich speaking now at WI GOP dinner in Milwaukee live now on @cspan pic . twitter .    —    Shannon A ( @shogustus ) April 2 , 2016 ,   Introducing Kasich Kasich former WI Gov. Tommy Thompson invokes : Abraham Lincoln , William F. Buckley , Green Bay Packers , Wisconsin Badgers ,   —    Matt Flegenheimer ( @mattfleg ) April 2 , 2016 ,   8:49 : For those keeping score at home , Trump campaign now says he Trump campaign change the law on abortion : . @realDonaldTrump spox Hope Hicks walks back Trump abortion comments to CBS . Says Trump Trump change law on abortion pic . twitter .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) April 2 , 2016 ,   8:34 : Huma Abedin claims she Huma Abedin n’t read any of   ’s emails that have become public in a podcast interview with CallYourGirlfriend . com , 8:18 : Re : Rule 40 , Cruz says it would be ironic if the establishment ended up changing the rule that was meant to protect the the establishment order to " disenfranchise " voters . 8:17 : Cruz Cruz about Wisconsin : Ted Cruz that " in Wisconsin , with Wisconsin lead we ’ve got , we are likely we win " all or most of the state ’s delegates , he tells Cruz News .   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) April 2 , 2016 ,   8:14 : On Fox News , Fox News Cruz starts " yelling " and " cursing " when he ’s in trouble Trump asked about his " Lyin’ Ted Trump remarks . 7:42 : Trump hammers Cruz on Trump : Can you believe that Ted Cruz , who has been killing our country on trade for so long , just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 1 , 2016 ,   7:30 : Trump on abortion : Trump murder but current laws do n’t need to be changed , Here ’s the preview of @jdickerson ’s interview with @realDonaldTrump see more on @FaceTheNation Sunday : https :   .    —    Alex Romano ( @alexromano ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Dickerson : But you do n’t disagree with that proposition , that it ’s [ abortion ] that proposition ? .. Trump : No , I do n’t disagree with it .   —    Alex Romano ( @alexromano ) April 1 , 2016 ,   7:27 : Clinton campaign : " Prudent " for State Department to halt    investigation : This is a prudent step . The State Department ’s Inspector General should follow suit . https :   .    —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) April 1 , 2016 ,     7:25 : Socialist who claims he will provide free college without increasing debt calls Trump a " nut case Trump " New : @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls , says that ’s    he " exposed what a New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls he really is "   New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) April 1 , 2016 ,   7:22 : Sanders demands apology from Clinton New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls . @BernieSanders on Clinton Greenpeace video : " Secretary Clinton , you owe Clinton apology , we were telling the truth . " our —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Clinton Campaign : Apologize for What ? Clinton asked if campaign will apologize for yesterday , @jmpalmieri says : " Apologize for what ? No . They are grossly misrepresenting her record " April 1, 2016,  Clinton Campaign: Apologize for What —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 1 , 2016 ,   In a new statement , @jmpalmieri says that the Clinton Trump campaign apologize @jmpalmieri Sanders : pic Clinton twitter .    —    New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) April 1 , 2016 ,   7:21 : Sanders ’s huge fundraising haul in March : Bernie New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls raises Trump campaign in March   —    a new high for his White House bid https :   .   pic . twitter Bernie Sanders’    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) April 1 , 2016 ,   7:20 : Sanders in Wisconsin : . @BernieSanders 1st rally of the day in New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls , Wisconsin pic . twitter .    —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) April 1 , 2016 ,   4:53 : Atlantic City Casino Workers Union endorses Sanders .   4:50 : Cruz repeats line he has been   New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls about   : " The Democrats have a    socialist with ideas dangerous for America and the world   …      and Bernie Sanders . " 4:47 : Cruz says the " day of New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls is coming for jihadists in January , 2017 . 4:45 : Cruz exciting Pennsylvania crowd : Senator Ted Cruz , " we ’ve had a good week . " Referring to Trump stumbles . Cruz exciting Pennsylvania crowd: Senator Ted Cruz @abc27News pic . twitter .    —    Dennis Owens ( @Owens_abc27 ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Cruz lovers give Texas senator a standing Cruz as he takes the stage in Camp Hill . @abc27News pic . twitter . Texas senator —    Dennis Owens ( @Owens_abc27 ) April 1 , 2016 ,   4:37 : Dilbert creator Scott Adams says Trump’s use of " linguistic kill shots " may help him defeat Clinton . Sounding like Chris Matthews re : " Mommy Party and Dilbert creator Scott Adams Party , " he says Trump may prevail against Clinton in a Trump matchup because Americans will Sounding like Chris Matthews re: "Mommy Party and Daddy Party for " dad Clinton over " mom " to take care of the country ’s national security , etc . if things get more chaotic because of terrorist attacks around the world . 4:30 : " The Fossil and the felon . " Speaker introducing Cruz refers to Sanders and Clinton as " the Cruz and the felon " # PLC2016 ,   New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls    Candy Woodall ( @candynotcandace ) April 1 , 2016 ,   4:21 : CNN ’s Jake Tapper says Trump has Trump been called the " Kim Kardashian of politics " before until Cruz did so last night . Wrong . Carly Cruz used that line that Cruz stole a long time ago . 4:20 : Cruz should Trump lowered expectations a long time ago . Trump senior Trump Barry Bennett to Katie Couric : " We ’ve always assumed that we would lose Wisconsin . " pic . twitter .    —    Wisconsin Deb We @SopanDeb ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Trump was Trump underdog in Wisconsin even * Wisconsin * Rubio left the race https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) March 31 , 2016 ,   There ’s nothing about Cruz ’s Cruz and Trump weakness Trump Wisconsin that Cruz change in the race . This is expected .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) March 31 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Someone on a show affiliated with Shonda Rhimes show is actually supporting Sanders : " How To Get Away With Murder " actor Kendrick Sampson hosting a mixer New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls @BernieSanders in Baltimore tonight .   —    Juana Summers ( @jmsummers ) April 1 , 2016 ,   4:11 Dr. Ben Carson says it " speaks volumes " that people who have worked from Trump do Trump say bad things about him . 4:05 : Rep. Jeff Miller ( ) Chair of the Veterans Committee , was Dr. Ben Carson at Trump ’s Trump meeting yesterday : Trump campaign source confirms to @KatyTurNBC Miller Trump @ the meeting —   big get for Trump : https :   . Rep. Jeff Miller ( ) Chair of the Veterans Committee    Alexandra Jaffe Trump’s national security meeting ) April 1 , 2016 ,   I ’m told Rep. Duncan Hunter helped bring him    —   they chatted a few weeks ago , and Hunter recommended Miller to Team Trump . Rep. Duncan Hunter —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) April 1 , Trump Rep. Duncan Hunter Rep. Jeff Miller ( ) Chair of the Veterans Committee : Trump ’s new radio ad : My new radio Trump , airing today in Wisconsin ! See you soon ! # WIPrimary # Trump2016 https : Wisconsin .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Here ’s the transcript of Trump ’s new Trump ad : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 1 , 2016 ,   3:40 : State Department defers to FBI on Clinton Email Investigation : State Department Halts Its Clinton Email State Department Defers to FBI   —     https :   State Department pic . State Department .    —    News Radio 1230 ( @ABC1230News ) FBI , 2016 ,   3:35 : Megyn Kelly will host a town hall with Ted Cruz on Monday : Cruz will sit down with Megyn Cruz a town hall in Cruz , Wisconsin on Monday : https :   .    —    Teddy Schleifer Wisconsin @teddyschleifer Megyn Kelly 1 , 2016 ,   3:31 : Barney Franks Says Monday Should Release Her Wall Street Transcripts . 3:30 : Important ‘ unbound delegates.’ There are at Clinton 135 unbound Clinton delegates so far who can vote for whomever they want . Here ’s how they ’re chosen . https :   .    —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) April 1 , least 135 unbound GOP delegates ,   3:25 : Clinton least 135 unbound GOP delegates n’t snap on rope line today : Rope line Clinton pic . twitter .    Clinton    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) April 1 , 2016 Clinton     3:23 : Clinton wants voters to read the " fine print " on Sanders Free College Plan : Clinton Clinton voters to ’read the fine print’ and ’ask for the details’ on Sanders’ college plan Clinton —    Full riff : pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) April 1 , 2016 ,     3:20 : New Trump Instagram Video : Nobody Likes ‘ Lyin Ted.’   Does anybody like Lyin’ Ted ? A video posted by Donald J. Trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) on Apr 1 , 2016 at 11:38am PDT ,   3:15 : Cruz to speak at another convention : Ted Cruz will speak at Cruz California Republican Party ’s convention in Cruz this month .   —    Seema Mehta ( @LATSeema ) April 1 , 2016 ,   2:50 : Hillary Clinton signs two basketballs for the Syracuse men ’s and women ’s basketball teams ( both are Clinton respective Final Fours ) HRC signed 2 balls : 1 for the women ’s team , 1 for the men ’s . @SyracuseU officials will present both each this weekend pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 1 , the Syracuse men   2:35 : Hillary just does n’t seem authentic when talking about sports . She could have given a    to upstate Clinton York hometown star Breanna Stewart , whom even Syracuse men Clinton basketball coach Jim Boeheim has effusively praised this week and who could be the most decorated women ’s college basketball player ever if UCONN wins another title next week : Clinton , wearing bright orange in Syracuse : " this morning I thought I need to support the home Clinton so let ’s leave it at that "   —    the Orange ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Clinton : Not wise to root for an athletic team , the home team " I know the Orange needs our Clinton .    …      I need to support the home team . " # Syracuse ,   —    Julie McMahon ( @Julie_McMahon ) April 1 , 2016 ,   While campaigning in NY , Clinton says she will the home team the " home team "   —    Syracuse men and women Clinton   Clinton    in this weekend ’s Final Four .   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) April 1 , 2016 ,       Case in point : Is n’t she more this weekend Carolina ? # 1 seed , no ? https :   .    —    Clinton Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) April 1 , 2016 ,   HRC compares herself to Syracuse   basketball teams : " Do n’t count us out . We ’ve got the grit Clinton we ’ve got the resilience   HRC determination . Syracuse   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 1 , 2016 ,   Flashback : 2:30 : us stumping for Trump in Wisconsin us No pun Wisconsin : Clinton on wine ice cream : " If I am so fortunate to be elected president , it will be served Clinton the White House . "   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) April 1 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Kasich Slams Cruz , Says His Only Record Is Alienating People and Shutting Down Government : . @JohnKasich hits @tedcruz more directly than I ’ve heard before . VIDEO pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) Kasich Slams Cruz 1 , 2016 ,   Kasich hits Cruz hard , per @kailanikm : " The problem with Sen. Cruz is he has no record . His record is shutting down the government Cruz   — Cruz Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics Cruz April 1 , 2016 ,   2:05 : If the left is so confident Trump will get trounced in Trump no record , why are Down Government many fervent calls this early to get " engaged " in the general ? Andrew Sullivan email to fans : " With Donald Trump as the GOP    it seems to me a Trump to get engaged with this election "   —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) April 1 , 2016 , 
 a general election 