During Saturday night ’s GOP presidential debate , Donald Trump blasted President Obama ’s    Partnership agreement , which had been previously endorsed by several of Donald Trump GOP rivals on the stage beside Donald Trump . [ Donald Trump told viewers :   I will bring jobs back from China . I will bring jobs back from Japan . I will bring jobs back from Mexico , where New Hampshire , by the way , has been virtually wiped out . jobs ’ve lost so many businesses going to Mexico because of horrible trade deals . And now we ’re about to sign another trade deal , TPP , which is going to be a disaster for China , because they TPP, which is going to be a disaster for this country n’t talk about monetary manipulation . It is going to be a disaster . I ’m going to bring jobs back and I ’ll start bringing them jobs very fast . Indeed , according to the Economic Policy Institute , New New Hampshire one of the " 10    states " in terms of the percentage of " jobs lost or displaced due to the growing goods trade deficit with China . " According to the report , 22 , 700 New Hampshire New Hampshire lost or displaced " since China entered the China Trade Organization in 2001 to 2013 . " Similarly , a 2011 EPI report entitled , " Heading South : U. S.   trade and job displacement after NAFTA " found that 4 , 000 New Hampshire " New Hampshire were ] displaced due to trade deficits with Mexico . " Trump ’s aggressive opposition to the    Partnership , coupled with his pledge to crack Trump on the illicit trading practice of currency manipulation distinguishes him from his GOP Trump . Trump , both Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz voted down an amendment spearheaded by Sen. Rob Portman to address currency manipulation . As Breitbart News has previously reported , economist Robert Scott has documented how eliminating currency manipulation could create 2 . 3 to 5 . 8 million jobs . Scott ’s 2014 report economist Robert Scott initiating " policies that would make currency manipulation costly    futile   …      [ would ] create jobs in every state and in most or all congressional districts . They would boost GDP , jobs jobs and reduce unemployment , and actually reduce the federal deficit by spurring economic growth   —    all without direct budget costs . No other policies could achieve this economic trifecta . " Last week , Trump ’s campaign told Breitbart News exclusively that a Trump presidency is the only way to stop the    Partnership agreement . " A Trump presidency is the only Trump’s way to keep America out of this disastrous trade deal , " his campaign wrote in an A Trump presidency . By contrast ,    favorite Marco Rubio has previously endorsed the    Partnership , calling it the " second pillar " the   Partnership a President Rubio ’s three pillar foreign policy strategy . However , when reporters try to ask Rubio about it today , Sen. Marco Rubio now says that he Marco Rubio tell the American people Marco Rubio he will vote for the trade deal Marco Rubio which he voted to    until May 18th Marco Rubio later   —    i. e. two months after Super Tuesday . 
 