WASHINGTON   —    When last they saw each other six weeks ago after the ceremonial passing of power , President Trump and former President Barack Obama parted with smiles and handshakes . But it did not take long for the surface bonhomie to degenerate into a fierce and public clash unlike any other in modern times . While former President Barack Obama has remained quiet for the most part , some of his former President Barack Obama loyalists moved into opposition mode , leading what some only    call " the resistance . " Mr. Trump , convinced that Obama former President Barack Obama still in government are trying to sabotage his Mr. Trump , took the conflict nuclear over the weekend by accusing his Mr. Trump of bugging his Mr. Trump last year . Mr. Mr. Trump no proof , and the charge was quickly dismissed by intelligence veterans and , indirectly , the F. B. I. but that did not make it any less sensational or any less historic . Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents spilled over into such a public spectacle . If sustained , it could it the institution of the presidency , further erode the public ’s already low confidence in the nation ’s leadership and leave both allies and enemies with the impression of an America at war with itself . an America it should be no surprise that it came to this between the 44th and 45th presidents . During last year ’s campaign , Mr. Obama called Mr. Trump a " con artist and a   " who could not be trusted with the nuclear codes . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Obama " the worst president in the history of the United States " after spending years questioning whether he had been Mr. Trump in the United States the United States that rancor aside for a cordial meeting after the election , but that barely veiled the chasm between them in terms of personality They politics and policy . " We ’re in a unique period , " said Newt Gingrich , the Republican former House speaker who has been an outside adviser to the new president . " Trump is a genuinely disruptive figure who threatens everything Obama stands for . " Mr. Obama ’s camp insisted Obama simply defending their legacy ’s camp " It takes ’s camp people to duel , and only one seems to be aiming his weapon , " said Jennifer only one , White House communications director under Mr. Obama . " The uniqueness Obama time is the fact that you have one unhinged and misinformed sitting president pointing his gun at a former . That sitting unprecedented . " Denis R. McDonough , Mr. Obama ’s last White House chief Obama , said the White House ’s team could not remain silent in the face of false assertions . " What I have witnessed in recent days is former colleagues speaking out against untruths when needed , " he said . " That is best characterized as Denis R. McDonough backing down from attacks it is not seeking out conflict . " But inside the Trump White House , it has become an article of faith that people the Trump White House throughout the government by Mr. Obama have been leaking everything they could get their hands on to damage the faith that people seeded throughout the government by Mr. Obama president . faith that people seeded throughout the government by Mr. Obama I think that President Obama is behind it , because his people Mr. Obama behind it , " Mr. Trump Mr. Obama in a recent interview it " Fox   Friends . " " And some of the leaks possibly come from that group , you know , some of the leaks , which are really very serious leaks , because they ’re very bad in terms of national security . some of the leaks, which are really very serious leaks Other presidents have endured fractious relations . After leaving office , Herbert Hoover regularly castigated Franklin D. Roosevelt , who ostracized his predecessor . Harry S. Truman was so estranged from Herbert Hoover D. Eisenhower that they did not speak during a frosty ride to the 1953 inauguration . Ronald Reagan publicly blamed his woes on the mess he said Jimmy Carter had Ronald Reagan him , just as Ronald Reagan Obama from time to time Ronald Reagan the finger at George W. Bush . But none of those moments compared to what America has seen in recent days . " Trump is on new ground in going after Obama , Trump said the historian Robert Dallek , who has written acclaimed books on John F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon . Most presidents have publicly ignored their predecessors " until we get to Trump , " Most presidents added . " He is either ignorant of recent the historian Robert Dallek, who has written acclaimed books on John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon history or simply the historian Robert Dallek, who has written acclaimed books on John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon n’t care . " The closest analogue in modern times may have been Johnson and Nixon , both presidents who favored secret wiretapping Lyndon B. Johnson In Richard M. Nixon last days in office , Johnson was furious at the historian Robert Dallek, who has written acclaimed books on John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon after wiretaps revealed that a Lyndon B. Johnson intermediary seemed to Richard M. Nixon trying to undercut possible peace talks before the 1968 election . For his part , Nixon was convinced that Johnson had bugged Lyndon B. Johnson . Yet Richard M. Nixon Johnson nor Nixon Lyndon B. Johnson aired those Lyndon B. Johnson at the time Lyndon B. Johnson " Richard M. Nixon Nixon tapes show that Nixon always thought that Johnson taped Richard M. Nixon 1968 campaign , Richard M. Nixon possibly Nixon himself Lyndon B. Johnson " Lyndon B. Johnson Luke A. Nichter , a Richard M. Nixon scholar of Nixon ’s secret Oval Office tapes at Texas AM University Richard M. Nixon " Nixon said that it was J. Edgar Hoover who told Richard M. Nixon this . However , based on the available records J. Edgar Hoover the closest to wiretapping Nixon that L. B. J. ever came was monitoring the Richard M. Nixon calls out of Spiro Agnew ’s campaign plane . " Before last year ’s campaign , Mr. Obama told advisers that he was inclined to keep quiet after leaving office to Mr. Obama his successor a chance to govern , much as Mr. Mr. Obama did for him . But he expected that successor to be Hillary Mr. Obama or even Mr. Obama Bush his successor Rubio . Mr. Trump was a different story , and Mr. Obama concluded he would speak out if he felt the nation ’s ideals Mr. Obama under threat . Ten Mr. Obama into the new administration , when Mr. Trump issued his first temporary travel ban on visitors from Mr. Trump Muslim countries Mr. Trump cited Mr. Obama ’s own actions as precedent , the former president did Mr. Obama a statement saying he " fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their the former president or religion . " His team did not wait even that long individuals The day after the inauguration the former president former Obama administration officials , including John Kerry , whose tenure as secretary of state had just ended , joined a women ’s march in Washington protesting Mr. Trump . Other officials appeared on television talk shows and newspaper    pages to speak out against the new president ’s policies . Mr. Trump ’s team has been angered by the criticism but even more by Mr. Trump as the enemy within . With so few of his own political appointees in Mr. Trump’s team , much of the government is still operating with acting Mr. Trump , some held over from the Obama administration . Moreover , the federal Civil Service , while officially neutral politically , is not dominated by Trump supporters , judging by vote results in Washington and its suburbs . So when Mark Mr. Trump , the conservative radio host , contended that Mr. the federal Civil Service had targeted Mr. Trump for surveillance in what he called a " silent coup Obama an assertion Mr. Trump by Breitbart News , the Mr. Trump website of the White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon , it struck a chord . Along with reports that in Mr. Obama ’s last days in office his administration changed the rules on distributing intelligence and made a Obama spreading information about Mr. Trump ’s Obama and Russia to different parts of the government to " preserve " it , the wiretapping allegation pushed Mr. Trump over the top . " It ’s a sign of how deeply frustrated he is , " Mr. Trump’s said . " They have a it bigger assault against them than people have Mr. Trump’s in the past . " And so , Mr. Gingrich added , Mr. Trump needs They figure out how to get control of his own bureaucracy . " Mr. Gingrich not going Mr. Trump’s , " he said , " unless he profoundly rethinks Mr. Trump’s they ’re doing and Mr. Trump’s they ’re doing it . " 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s they 