WEST PALM BEACH , Florida   —    Billionaire Donald Trump crushed home state Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) here with a nearly    victory over who Billionaire Donald Trump ’s called " Little Marco " in recent weeks , according to election results from Florida . [ Trump Billionaire Donald Trump astounding victory could be felt in the jubilation among his Billionaire Donald Trump staff here at     Trump Billionaire Donald Trump West Palm Beach luxury golf resort , as he Billionaire Donald Trump himself Billionaire Donald Trump another     press conference .   The crushing defeat for the    Rubio , the chief pitchman for the Sen. Chuck Schumer ( )   " Gang of Eight " amnesty bill , is a deathly blow to the donor class agenda of more immigration and open borders trade policy . Rubio ’s stunning defeat comes after weeks of his Rubio’s —   and himself Rubio’s   reassuring uneasy billionaire backers and supporters he Rubio’s undoubtedly win the Sunshine State . Rubio Rubio said on Monday , the day before the same voters who sent him Rubio’s the U. S. Senate summarily rejected his Rubio’s for a promotion , he Rubio’s shock the world on Tuesday . In actuality , he Rubio’s entirely . This also means now that Rubio , who said he Rubio’s that the nominee of the GOP in the national presidential election will be the winner of the Florida GOP the GOP , thinks the 2016 nominee for the the GOP be Donald Trump . " I believe with all my heart that the winner of the Florida primary next Tuesday will be the nominee of the Republican primary , " Rubio said last week . On the other hand , Trump won Donald Trump ’s Florida prize of 99 delegates easily . The surprise victory over Rubio here Rubio   something GOP insiders surely thought would be impossible months ago —   comes as both Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have had decent performances in their home GOP insiders but have struggled elsewhere in the country . As polls closed in the Buckeye State on Tuesday evening , it was still too close to call in Kasich ’s Ohio Gov. John Kasich Ohio polls show the governor has Kasich’s Ohio —   and while Cruz won Texas a couple weeks ago on March 1 , and has won a handful of other states with it throughout the core heartland of the country —   no candidate save for Trump has been able to build such a diverse selection of state victories and such a broad coalition of voters inside the GOP , and among independents and crossover Democrats . Cruz ’s factional nature , and Kasich ’s inability to mount a serious national campaign outside his home state , Kasich’s sure to propel Trump higher and higher Trump the only Republican who can unify the party and defeat likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the general election moving forward . Sure ,    forces within the party are still the party and everything they can to desperately aim forces within the party slow the    momentum of Trump ’s ascension down Trump but they ’re running out of forces within the party as the battle heads into a dog fight for delegates between Cruz and Kasich and Trump in the next Trump of battle . Every establishment effort to coalesce behind anyone to stop Trump —   whether Trump be former Florida Trump Jeb Bush , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Sen. Lindsey Graham , former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal or now Rubio —   has utterly and absolutely failed . Now the Washington establishment seems to be aiming to coalesce next behind Kasich and then lastly behind Cruz in their efforts to maintain control former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal or now Rubio the populace , and it remains to be seen if these last ditch efforts will be even close to successful or if they will fail just like former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal or now Rubio other fight . That being said , given the map coming up —   and the desperation of Washington establishment politicians in the Washington Party —   it seems that despite Trump ’s resounding win in Florida over Rubio that Trump and his GOP establishment Trump lining Trump behind Cruz and Kasich are in for a long , protracted battle that could carry well into May , June or even lead to a contested GOP convention in July . GOP 