On Friday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM , retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn discussed the current administration and Hillary Clinton ’s refusal to speak frankly about the threat of radical Islamic terrorism . [ retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn said retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn new book , The Field of Fight : How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and The Field of Fight: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam Allies ,    with Michael Ledeen , tackled this reluctance to address the issue of radical Islam   —    a reluctance once again on display after last weekend ’s terrorist attacks in New Jersey , New York , and Minnesota .   Michael Ledeen explained : One of the key reasons why I was let go by the military   —    and I argued this while I was in the military , I was very vocal about this   —    we must clearly define the enemies that we are going to face . And in this case , this case ’s radical Islam . The Administration right now , and Hillary Clinton has been a big part of The Administration right now, and Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton ’s been a big part of this for a long time   —    the influence by organizations inside of our government right now at the federal level , and by some of these very strong Muslim organizations , like a CAIR or the Muslim Brotherhood , The Administration right now, and Hillary Clinton have influenced our government to excise , to eliminate , this type of language from our training manuals , from all the things that we know to be true . And I will tell you , there ’s frustration in the intelligence community , there ’s frustration in the military , to be able to go after this enemy the way we know we we . One last point : when we we to say that the this enemy ‘ over there’   —    like they ’re this enemy in Iraq , or Syria , or Afghanistan , or Somalia   —    that enemy this enemy is here in our country . We just saw three attacks that were essentially successful . Thank God nobody was killed . I mean , there were a number of people injured , I think 30 , almost 40 injured , in Minnesota and New York . But there was a total of 5 attacks . And in addition to that , there have been other attacks , and what our Administration wants to do is , they want to our Administration what is actually happening and basically redefine it as something else , to basically get the American public to sort of dumb us down . our One thing that I know is that the American public the American public group of people in the world , and they know better , " the smartest group of people in the world declared . " And I believe , I strongly believe , that on the 8th of November , the American public is going the American public in droves to vote for Donald Trump as President of the United States . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 