A homeless woman quietly demonstrating in support of Donald Trump near Donald Trump star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Thursday was violently harassed and abused by a group of people who surrounded A homeless woman , yelled insults at A homeless woman and appeared to knock A homeless woman to the ground . [ A homeless woman can be seen in a series of videos posted to YouTube sitting silently while holding signs in support of the Republican presidential nominee , including one that read , " 20 Million Illegals and Americans sleep on the streets in tents . Vote Trump . "   The woman   —    who has not yet been identified   —    was demonstrating near Trump ’s star on the Hollywood landmark , which was destroyed by     James Otis in a      attack early Wednesday morning . [ Warning : Strong Language ]   In the videos , men can be seen shouting and cursing at the The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    taking things from her cart The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    One man accuses the woman The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    spewing hate . " " You spewed hate and you got hate , " one man tells the woman as The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    on the The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    , with bystanders ripping up her signs . " The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    got exactly what you were dishing out . I told you . I warned you . " A group of people continues to stand around while some consider calling paramedics . Another woman eventually asks the homeless woman if The woman  —   who has not yet been identified  —    water . The Another woman assault happened one day after Otis , wearing a construction worker ’s uniform , repeatedly struck Trump ’s star with a    destroying it . Otis was arrested early Thursday morning Otis charged with felony vandalism . He faces up to three years Otis jail and a $ 10 , 000 fine if convicted . In an interview with the Los Angeles Daily News after the incident , Otis said he had planned the Otis for Otis weeks and that he was " fed up " Otis what he described as Trump ’s misogynistic Otis . " He ’ll continue to do this Otis he ’ll continue to make women Otis , " Otis told the paper . " Otis that ’s what I ’d tell him . " You need help Otis Please understand that . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 