Sunday on CBS ’s " Face The Nation , " Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair , said    Donald Trump was " not draining the swamp . " Instead Donald Trump claimed that Donald Trump was " filling it up more and there ’s going to be more swamp creatures than ever before . "   Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair said , " Well Donald Trump is already proven where Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair ’s going with the thing . There was a political article entitled " Why Wall Street is suddenly in love with Donald Donald Trump Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair ’s not draining the swamp the swamp ’s filling it up more the swamp there ’s going to be more swamp creatures than ever before . I mean , Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair is   …      lobbyists and    investment bankers , Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair ’s not doing what Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair said Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair with was going to do for average , working Americans . We have to be there to work with all those folks who may have not voted or even voted for Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) a candidate for the Democratic National Committee chair . They are our all those folks who may have not voted or even voted for him constituents We But we have to We them that we all those folks who may have not voted or even voted for him care We them , that all those folks who may have not voted or even voted for him respected their We , all those folks who may have not voted or even voted for him that we are going We be fighting for them tooth and all those folks who may have not voted or even voted for him . " (   RCP Video ) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 