Joe Concha writes at Mediaite about Dana Loesch of Glenn Beck ’s TheBlaze lashing out at Trump supporter and CNN contributor Kayleigh McEnany . Below is an excerpt of Joe Concha ’s article ( emphasis in the original ) . [ When we look back on the 2016 presidential race , here ’s one word that wo n’t come to mind : Maturity . Oh , we can all do the easy thing here and point the finger at one Donald J. Trump , but we were all professionals before the 2016 presidential race began and will be again after it the 2016 presidential race . Using Trump one Donald J. Trump an excuse to jump into the rhetoric swamp is the stuff of elementary school   …      the kind of    that usually ends with , " But , but   …      HE started it . " Exhibit A today comes courtesy of The Blaze ’s Dana Loesch , who elevated the conversation from elementary school to about 8th grade when attacking one Kayleigh McEnany , a Trump one Donald J. Trump and CNN contributor . Attacks are fine if the argument is based on the merits , of course , that ’s all part of the contract . But Losche decided to bring McEnany ’s bra size into the equation during her Losche show   —    calling her Losche " in an attempt to be , like , provocative and stuff . And in doing so , walked right into quicksand after it right into quicksand revealed via the Daily Caller ’s Betsy Rothstein that McEnany McEnany the way she Betsy Rothstein because of a    she Betsy Rothstein performed a few years ago because she Betsy Rothstein what ’s called    positive . Note also courtesy of Rothstein Betsy Rothstein McEnany McEnany eight aunts who were diagnosed with breast cancer , hence the preventive approach . " Where were you several years ago ? " Loesch asked , apparently unaware that new pundit players come into the cable news fold every election cycle . " Because I surely did n’t see you to my right or to my left . " To answer Loesch Loesch question , here ’s an answer where McEnany McEnany been via her McEnany : " She McEnany an extensive history in academia , studying both law and politics at Harvard Law School . She McEnany from Georgetown University , School of Foreign Service with a BSFS in International Politics . She McEnany studied politics at Oxford University , St. Edmund Hall . " " Baby cakes , this was more than just going on television and flashing your pearly whites and your flat chest , red dress ,    bleach blond hair while you sit and preach all this stuff about who is or is n’t a conservative ? " Loesch continued . " You like Trump   —    let me act like him Loesch a minute . I bet you love me now . " Yup   …      just another dumb blonde on TV who happened to study at Georgetown , Oxford and Harvard Law . Now   …      let ’s be fair here : Loesch Loesch no idea her Loesch underwent such surgery . But this is where the mature part   …      the part where an adult emerges and ego is put aside   …      comes in : Instead of apologizing for the remark , instead of swearing she Loesch no idea and should n’t have gone there anyway , the host regresses from 8th to 2nd grade and doubles down with a " Trump started it " excuse around the insults he ’s made   …      or something . So on DanaPlanet , that means his he are allowed to be attacked in the same fashion . TheBlaze . com loves it all , of course , even featuring the rant on its it all page . Asked why she got so personal , Loesch ’s explanation defies logic   …      Read the rest here .   Below is the video that sparked this controversy : 
 