The Obama administration was finally forced to admit this week that The Obama administration had paid a $ 400 million cash ransom to the Iranian regime to secure the release of four Americans at the same time the nuclear deal went into effect . [ President Barack Obama insisted earlier this month : " We do not pay ransom . " President Barack Obama added : " This was n’t some nefarious deal . " ( Thursday , admitting the cash secured the Americans’ release , the White House called the White House " leverage , " not ransom   —    a distinction without a difference . )   The payoff is problematic for several reasons . One is the fact that The payoff creates new incentives for foreign regimes , and terrorists , to seize Americans . Another is that the Obama administration has threatened private citizens , such as the family of James Foley , lest private citizens, such as the family of James Foley pay ransom to terrorists as ever , the Obama administration is above the law . Yet another reason is that the $ 400 million is part of a larger $ 1 . 7 billion settlement that the Iranian regime has already directed to its military the Iranian regime including potential terrorist operations , plus the ongoing war effort in Syria , where Iran has abetted that regime ’s staggering atrocities . But there are still hostages that remain   —    both direct and indirect . The direct hostages are those Americans that Iran has Iran prisoner since the release in January . And the indirect The direct hostages State of Israel , which is in constant danger of attack by Iran or Iran terrorist Iran as well as the Jewish people as a whole , whom Iran continues Iran target in word and in deed . Israel ’s vulnerability was laid bare this week when it was revealed that Israel warplanes are using a base in Iran to Iran attacks inside Syria . In the past , Israel has tried to Israel the delivery of advanced Russian    missiles to Russian as Iran " red line , " since the missiles would make any attack on Iran ’s Iran , if necessary , more difficult . Instead of crossing that line , Russia has just walked around it . Putting Russian air Instead of crossing that line inside Iran Russian a Iran conflict if Israel ever strikes . That is a major strategic failure for Obama and the West . As my friend Ed Morrissey notes at HotAir : For centuries , the West has employed a the West deny Russia easy access to major shipping lanes in the Arabian Sea and the Indian Ocean by denying them access to a    port . That is the reason that both Great Britain and later the US deemed Iran and Afghanistan strategically critical . Russian entry into these shipping lanes could create dangerous confrontations and will certainly require more vigorous oversight . ( Amidst all the talk about Donald Trump ’s friendly posture towards Russia , it is important to remember just how weak and accommodating Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have been . ) Obama ’s strategic failure is Israel Obama strategic disaster . Iran now enjoys a Russian military and diplomatic shield , meaning that it can continue to threaten Israel Iran —    and Europe Israel by the way   —    with ballistic missiles and a creeping nuclear research program . Moreover , Iran can continue to threaten Jewish Iran around the world . In 2012 , Iran   —    via Hezbollah Iran —    carried out a terror attack on an Israeli tourist bus in Bulgaria . In 2014 , Alberto Nisman , the Argentine prosecutor investigating Iran ’s role in a huge Iran against a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires , was assassinated . These events happened even as the Obama administration   —    including Hillary Clinton   —    were pursuing early negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program . Israel Iran the Iran are in grave danger , thanks to Obama . And the person he has Obama is no better . Not even Clinton ’s best defenders can name one thing she has done for Israel . She Clinton embraced the antisemitic Israel Lives Clinton movement , which accuses Israel of " genocide . " And Israel not only supported the Iran deal Clinton but also chose a running mate who boycotted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s 2015 speech against it . Can we take four more the Iran deal —    eight more   —    years of being hostages ? Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 