Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump reacted to the decision on Thursday by the Supreme Court to block President Obama ’s executive amnesty . [ SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty —   for now . But Hillary has pledged to expand exec amnesty , taking jobs from Hispanic     workers .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 23 , 2016 ,    Hillary ’s open borders are tearing American families apart . I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans . # Imwithyou ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 23 , 2016 ,   " Today ’s    Supreme Court ruling has blocked one of the most unconstitutional actions ever undertaken by a President . The executive amnesty from President Obama wiped away the immigration rules written by Congress , giving work permits and entitlement benefits to people illegally in the our country This split decision also makes clear what is at stake in November . The election , and the Supreme Court appointments that come with it will This split decision whether or not we have a border and , hence , a country . Clinton has pledged to expand Obama ’s President Obama amnesty , hurting poor    and Hispanic workers by giving away their jobs poor   and Hispanic workers federal resources to illegal immigrant labor   —    while making us all less safe . It is time to protect our country America America Safe Again and Great Again for everyone , " Trump stated in a press release . On immigration , I ’m consulting with our immigration officers our   . Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 23 , 2016 ,   Trump discussed on Trump how he believes Clinton Trump immigration Hillary Clinton minority workers in America during his speech from Trump in New York City where he ripped into Trump former Secretary of State . Due to the vacancy of Justice Scalia ’s seat following his death in February Scalia the court remained split with a    decision dooming Obama ’s immigration plan . The split decision places a   decision dooming Obama’s immigration plan whether the Supreme Court vacancy will be fulfilled after the general election by either the Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton or the Republican Donald Trump . 
 