Apparently , John Kasich and Ted Cruz are at John Kasich and Ted Cruz most appealing when no one is paying attention to John Kasich and Ted Cruz , which , conveniently , is most of the time . [ After Ted Cruz won cranky Wisconsin last month   —    only the fourth actual election he ’s won   —    voters decided to give he a second look . But two seconds after people said , " OK , let ’s give he a try , " he he . You might say a little of Ted Cruz goes a long way . Voters ca n’t stand Cruz Ted Cruz more than his Ted Cruz colleagues can .   Listening to Cruz Ted Cruz makes me feel like I have Asperger ’s . He Ted Cruz so slowly , my mind wanders between words . As Trump said , there ’s a    intermission between sentences . I want to order Cruz Ted Cruz as Amazon Audibles , just so I can speed them up and Cruz’s speeches as Amazon Audibles what he ’s Ted Cruz , The guy Ted Cruz to Harvard Law School , so I keep waiting for the flashes of brilliance , but they never come . Cruz’s speeches as Amazon Audibles is completely Ted Cruz of extemporaneous wit . Now that Cruz has been Ted Cruz eliminated , he ’s adding Ted Cruz Fiorina to the ticket . She ’s not his Carly Fiorina running Ted Cruz , " but his " limping Ted Cruz . " It ’s an      contest . Voters quickly moved on from Cruz and tried Ted Cruz . But he turned out Ted Cruz be the spitting image of a homeless man . He ’s got Ted Cruz slouch , the facial tics , and a strange way of bouncing his head and Ted Cruz around that makes you want to cross the street to avoid him . It Ted Cruz like he cuts his Ted Cruz hair Ted Cruz and his suits are Ted Cruz Nader   . He wolfs down Ted Cruz like a street person , has a    temper , and rants about religion in a way that only he can understand . Kasich is constantly proclaiming that illegals are " made in the image of God , " and denounces the idea of enforcing federal immigration laws , saying : " I do n’t think it ’s right I do n’t think it ’s humane . it When asked about his decision to Ted Cruz Medicaid under Obamacare   —    projected to cost federal taxpayers $ 50 billion in the first decade   —    he said : Ted Cruz Now , when you die and get to the , get to the , uh , the the meeting with St. Peter    …      he ’s going Ted Cruz ask you what you did for the poor . Better have a good answer . " He lectured a Ted Cruz of fiscal conservatives on his Obamacare expansion Ted Cruz saying , " Now , I do n’t know whether you ever read Matthew 25 , but I commend it to you , the end of it , about do it feed the homeless and do you clothe the poor . " He also attributed Ted Cruz law to Chief Justice John Roberts and said , " It ’s my money the law OK ? " Voters thought they were getting a Voters attractive version of Mitt Romney with Kasich , but it turns out they a less attractive version of Mitt Romney with Kasich getting a Voters televangelist version of Ted Cruz . They ’re also getting Voters less warm and personable version of Hillary Clinton . Last week , Kasich lashed out at Kasich reporter who asked a perfectly appropriate question , going from boring campaign boilerplate to irritated browbeating in about one second flat . As much as I enjoy watching reporters being berated , this was deranged . Kasich : Listen , Kasich the end of the day I think the Republican Party wants to pick somebody who actually can win in the fall . " Reporter : But if you ’ve only won Ohio ? Kasich : " Can Kasich finish ? " Reporter : " If you answer the ques —   " Kasich : " I ’m answering the question the way I want to answer it . You want the question answer it ? " ( the question voice recorder from reporter ’s hand . ) " Here , let me ask you . What do you think ? When giving a speech to Ohio EPA workers a Ohio years ago , Kasich suddenly went off Kasich: " and began shouting about a police officer who had given him a ticket three Kasich: " earlier . " Have you ever been stopped by a police officer that ’s an idiot ? " he began . He a police officer that’s an idiot to tell a police officer that’s an idiot riveting story of his traffic violation to a police officer that’s an idiot EPA administrators , yelling EPA " this idiot !    …      He ’s an IDIOT a police officer that’s an idiot " Based on the dashcam video immediately released by the police , Kasich had been in the wrong , and the officer   —    you know , " the IDIOT "   —    was perfectly polite about it . With Trump it ’s exactly the it . The more people see of him , the more Trump it’s like him . The more people usual Trump it’s is : Trump says something perfectly Trump , the media lie about it , then voters find out the truth and like him more and the Trump it’s less . Ironically , it ’s Kasich who has been complaining the loudest about the alleged billions of dollars of " free media " Trump has been getting . It turns out not getting " free media " was a godsend for Kasich and Cruz . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 