TEL AVIV   —    Donald Trump on Wednesday invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to visit the White House at the " first opportunity , " according to the Prime Minister ’s Office . [ The prime minister and    " who have known each other for many years , had a warm , heartfelt conversation " over the phone , the statement said .   "   Donald Trump invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to a meeting in the United States at the first opportunity , " it said . Netanyahu responded Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu saying that he and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wife Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu were excited to visit the incoming     and his wife Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . According to the PMO , regional issues were also discussed during the phone conversation , though no details were disclosed . Earlier on Wednesday , Netanyahu congratulated Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on his election Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , saying the Republican is " a true friend of the State of Israel . " " We will work together to advance security , stability and peace in our region , " Netanyahu said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a statement . " The bond between the U. S. and Israel is based on shared values , shared interests and a shared future . I am sure that    Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique bond between Israel and Israel U. the U. S. will bring them Trump and I greater heights Trump and I " he added . Netanyahu   Trump Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu video congratulating Trump later in the   Trump . President Reuven Rivlin congratulated Trump on his election   Trump , President Reuven Rivlin he said proved the President Reuven Rivlin S. to the U. S. greatest democracy . " " There are many challenges that lie before you as president   —    at home and around the world . Israel , your greatest ally , stands by you as your friend and partner in turning those challenges into opportunities , " he said in a statement . President Reuven Rivlin 