Marvel Comics has once again taken aim at Donald Trump , this time by making Donald Trump the    in a new issue of Spiderman spinoff series   . [ In    Annual # 1   —    which centers on an alternate universe in which Peter Parker ’s girlfriend , Gwen Stacey , was the one bitten by a radioactive spider   —    the villainous Modok bears more than a striking resemblance to the presumptive GOP presidential nominee .   In the new comic , Modok is now M. O. D. A. A. K. ( Mental Organism Designed as America ’s King ) a    villain with a tiny body who plans to rule the world . SpiderGwen Annual had these treats in there .     Modaak . pic . twitter .    —    RJ Sills uchihabro77 ( @animeredneck96 ) July 1 , 2016 ,   " If America will not act   …      M. O. D. A. A. K. must ! " the character exclaims in one panel from the issue . " Must make America   …     " the character begins to say after being struck in the head by an object . The the issue from Marvel Comics’ Jason Latour , Jim Campbell and Chris Visions and was released this week . This is not the first time that an issue of a Marvel comic book has made Trump out to be a villain . In Issue No . 1 of Steve Rogers : Captain America , released in May , the nefarious Nazi Red Skull delivers a hardline    speech before calling for a race war on behalf of the evil organization Hydra . " I have just come from Europe —   my homeland , in fact , " Red Skull tells a group of his followers Red Skull " And do you know what I saw there ? It was an invading army . These    " refugees "   —    millions of them   —    marching across the continent , bringing their fanatical them and their crime them them . them attack them women them and bomb our cities them And how do our leaders them ? Do they push our leaders back our leaders enforce the borders , as is our sovereign duty ? Of course not . They say our leaders ‘ Here , take our food our Take our shelter our Take our way our life , and then take our lives.’ our . " As Breitbart ’s Warner Todd Huston previously reported , that issue of Captain America sought to equate criticism of the Syrian refugee problem with Nazism .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 