There is serious concern about voter fraud and the manipulation of voting machines in the upcoming presidential election , Donald Trump ’s longtime confident Roger Stone stated . [ Roger Stone was speaking in an interview on this reporter ’s talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM ,   Stated Roger Stone : " I think that the stakes are so high   —    and Donald Trump has made it pretty clear that if he Donald Trump elected president he Donald Trump seek the prosecution of Bill , Hillary , and Chelsea   —    that they Hillary, and Chelsea   do anything necessary to remain in power . For anybody who thinks that election fraud is not common in this country , the voting machine today is merely a computer . And all computers can be rigged to have a predetermined outcome . " "   …      There is evidence that the Clintons not only cheated with the    but in States like Wisconsin and New York and Kentucky there were charges of widespread voter fraud on behalf of Hillary . So it does happen here . It will happen here if this race is close . The big city machines , particularly Chicago , are very adept at manipulating these The big city machines, particularly Chicago " Continued Stone : " So I think it ’s a very real problem . And the single best thing that the Trump people can do is to register a million new voters in the ten swing States . What I would do is take the margin by which Romney lost , double it . That would be my target for new registration . " Donald Trump has recently made comments about the possibility of voter fraud during the presidential election . " And I ’m telling you , November 8 , we ’d better be careful , because that election the presidential election to be rigged , " Trump told Donald Trump News host Sean Hannity earlier this month . " And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it ’s going the Republicans be taken away from us . " we campaign spokesman Brian Fallon responded on Twitter , calling Trump ’s Donald Trump pathetic " and " dangerous . " Even for a reflexive conspiracy theorist like Trump , this Donald Trump pathetic . It ’s dangerous , this . https :   .    —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) August 2 , 2016 ,   Obama also addressed Trump ’s general Donald Trump Thursday , stating state and local authorities   —    and not the federal government   —    are in charge of the election process . " We do take seriously our responsibilities to monitor and We the integrity of the vote process , " he added . " If Obama see signs that a voting machine or system is vulnerable to hacking , then we inform those local authorities who are running the elections that they need to be careful a voting machine or system is vulnerable to hacking " Obama stated . 
 