Students at the University of California , Santa Barbara , recently held an    rally in response to    chalk messages that appeared throughout the campus in early April . [ Student organizers of the " Million Student March " at UCSB claimed that the " heinous , racist , sexist , Islamophobic ,    homophobic , and transphobic chalk statements "   lead " to an intensification of campus climate . " As a sequel to a march in November 2015 , the students organized a demonstration to protest the chalkings and to advocate for progressive ideals popular with millennials such as free public colleges .   In response to the chalkings , several hundred students , faculty , and community members marched from UCSB ’s Davidson Library to People ’s Park is Isla Vista . The demonstrators demanded free tuition at public universities , university divestment from prisons , and a $ 15 minimum wage for all university jobs . The rally took place on the heels of a    email from Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Margaret Klawunn that claimed the " intolerance contained in " the chalkings were " inconsistent with [ the university ’s ] core values   …     and commitment to maintaining an inclusive and safe learning environment for every member of the UCSB community . " A group of    students challenged the demonstrators and marched down the streets of Isla Vista with their the demonstrators signs . When they the demonstrators to speak with the the demonstrators they were shouted the demonstrators .   One of the marchers told a Trump supporter that his " white Trump and imperialist domination of the world is not appreciated on [ UCSB ’s ] campus . " When pressed for an example of Trump ’s racism Trump student refused to respond .   One of the demonstrators suggested the demonstrators    students were unfeeling and incapable of compassion . He encouraged his fellow demonstrators the student the demonstrators the student    students because " they need the   students how to do it the   students not told how to do it . " Although the event is several weeks it , UCSB students are already protesting Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ scheduled event at the University on May 26th . Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or on Facebook . You Tom Ciccotta email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta 