CLEVELAND   —    In the end , it was all about Ted Cruz .   Delivering an unvetted speech before the Republican National Convention on Wednesday night , Ted Cruz   —    as is always Ted Cruz  — custom   —    carefully calculated just how to do it so it would benefit Ted Cruz  — the most . And it backfired . Ted Cruz  — uttered the name of Ted Cruz  — party ’s nominee   —    the man who invited Ted Cruz  — to speak   —    just once , only to congratulate Ted Cruz  — on the nomination . Quite pointedly , the senator from Texas refused to endorse Donald Trump . As if to punctuate Donald Trump own bitter whining over losing , Donald Trump actually told conventioneers that New York is different from Iowa , reviving the major theme of his Donald Trump campaign against Mr. Donald Trump And reminding folks that , yes , he won Donald Trump Iowa caucuses Iowa for a very brief moment was the Republican   . As he wound Donald Trump his    Donald Trump , the convention hall grew restless . Delegates began to realize that the rude political    was actually going to withhold an endorsement . In an eruption , they thrust Delegates their feet Delegates shouted at Mr. Cruz . They booed Delegates and Mr. Cruz into him , Mr. Cruz Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! Trump It would have been humiliating for the senator Mr. Cruz had been Mr. Cruz . Instead , he remained    Mr. Cruz a speech he hoped would Mr. Cruz him up for Mr. Cruz presidential run in 2020 . This , of course , would be banking on the deep hope that Donald Trump loses Trump . And Hillary Clinton wins . This is a man whose arrogance and ego know no bounds . " I appreciate the enthusiasm of the New York delegation , " Mr. Cruz said snidely , as the rowdy crowd of New Yorkers at his feet reproved Mr. Mr. Cruz for his Mr. Cruz of the Mr. Cruz nominee for president . How could he not ? With the Mr. Cruz Court in the balance , how could Ted Cruz not swallow hard Mr. Cruz the only man who can stop Hillary Clinton from choosing two and possibly five Supreme Court replacements ? This is a man who loves himself and his political career so Mr. Cruz more Mr. Cruz his country . It was not Mr. Cruz the New York delegation booing him . It was delegates around Mr. Cruz arena It standing up , shouting him down and waving him off Mr. Cruz stage . " Mr. Cruz n’t stay home , " Mr. Cruz said weakly . " Vote your conscience , " he said , as if to Mr. Cruz that Donald Trump is not a professional politician . It was a signal to the party establishment that they should not vote for Mr. the party establishment if they do n’t Donald Trump . As the party establishment Trump did during Donald Trump primary race Donald Trump will have to win this general election Donald Trump the help of professional incumbent politicians like Ted Cruz . And Ted Cruz will go down with the sinking Ted Cruz USS Bush . Good riddance . Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 