The Huffington Post ’s Ryan Grim explains why some Republicans think    are missing the point   —    and why some Republicans should keep some Republicans " commercial    masquerading as ideological purity " to some Republicans . [ From The Huffington Post :   Every day of the Donald Trump campaign seems to bring with it a the Donald Trump campaign article about an establishment Republican whose conscience ca n’t bear to back the reality TV star . For those who have n’t made that decision , these relentless news items are starting to smart . Some Washington Republicans wish these folks and their consciences Some Washington Republicans shut up .    …      One establishment Republican , who like Geduldig is a former aide to House GOP leadership , said that many of the defectors had already defected . " Looks like she gave to Obama in 2008 , " he said ( accurately ) of Westine . " Weird , I do n’t remember The Washington Post covering her endorsement she . " Another member of the GOP establishment , who also offered his criticism he , called the public parade of conscience " commercial    masquerading as ideological purity . " A fourth Washington Republican , who is voting for Trump but doing so quietly , lamented : " The slick moral preening in the media by former Bushies and NeverTrumpers at bottom reflects their desperate need to be accepted in the liberals’ putative morally superior universe . Thus their public their of Trump and Trump supporters Trump nothing to do with the Republican Party or conservatism ― the latter of which they know very little , as evidenced by the egregious    achievements that they enabled they advanced in the Bush administration . What they really they is to be liked by their enemies they And oh yes : to assure their    they who may be thinking of cutting them loose they they are they the side of the right and the true . It ’s all so pathetic and disgusting . " That assessment is shared by others around K Street , albeit not for attribution . Read the rest of the article here .  
 