The    Huffington Post published an article which seems concerned that Donald Trump could defeat Hillary Clinton in a general election contest due to Donald Trump strong position on trade . [ In a Friday piece entitled , " Hillary Must Toughen Up On Trade In Case Hillary Is Nominee Against Donald Trump , " Dave Johnson , a fellow at Campaign for America ’s Future , writes :   If Hillary is going to be the Democratic nominee she Hillary better get tough on trade   —    and mean it . One of Donald Trump’ main elements of appeal to his Donald Trump’   —    if not the main appeal   —    is his Donald Trump’ on trade and bringing jobs back to America . It is a winning message and Clinton is waaaayyyy behind the curve on this . " Much of Trump ’s campaign message is about how our country ’s trade deals have wiped out jobs . On Day 1 much of his speech announcing that he his running was about trade , " Johnson writes . By contrast , Johnson Johnson that Clinton " has a credibility problem on trade . " Johnson Johnson that , unlike Clinton Clinton Trump is not dependent upon donor class elites who want more globalist trade pacts : America ’s     elites think everything is going fine . Their America’s    elites portfolios are way up , so they Their stock portfolios feeling good . They Their stock portfolios writing    about how well things are going and how our corporate paradigm is doing so well for us our the world . The elite " donor class " is giving huge sums to " continuity " politicians . This is elites talking to other elites and not at all hearing what is going on in the country . Donald Trump is not dependent on this The elite "donor class he is saying Donald Trump things are not fine , that wages are not going up , that jobs are hard to find , that trade is killing us . So people for whom things are not going fine , for whom jobs are hard to find , for whom wages are not going up and who trade is killing are listening . And that is most people in the U. S   …      Clinton has a credibility problem on trade . Almost no one believes her   … Clinton " " voters vote for her . " Clinton donors continue to give the max to her campaign . Clinton fact , this hedging [ i. e. Clinton ’s hedging Clinton trade ] has left the donor and corporate class believing she is on Clinton side , the donor and corporate class she supports the Clinton free trade " agenda that has killed off so many jobs , factories , entire industries , entire regions and left us with enormous , humongous trade deficits year after year after year   —    while making a very few at the top wealthy beyond belief . " Johnson explains that Clinton is " leaving herself room to Clinton to the donor and corporate class , " but warns that " if Clinton ‘ moves Clinton the center’ on trade after the convention , as business and donor community believes she will , Clinton risks losing Clinton voters who feel that these trade agreements have ruined their lives , these trade agreements towns , these trade agreements regions and these trade agreements country . these trade agreements Johnson wonders whether these voters will " turn to Trump " over Hillary . The liberal author Johnson ’s economic message on Trump and trade has been at the center of his successful campaign platform : Johnson and jobs are at the center of Trump ’s appeal . He Trump says China is Johnson us on trade and taking jobs , and people listen . He wrongly says that immigrants Johnson taking people ’s jobs , but people believe it and people listen . But it ’s all jobs , it , jobs , and it ’s a powerful message it The author ’s statement   —    dismissing Trump ’s economic message on immigration offhand   —    represents a recent development for the left , which had previously acknowledged that mass migration harms the wages of workers . In fact , American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) founder and president Samuel Gompers once said , " Those who favor unrestricted immigration care nothing for the people . " The economic principle here is fairly straightforward : just as when American manufacturing workers are forced to compete with    Vietnamese workers outside the country , it creates a downward pressure on wages , if you bring in millions of    workers to compete throughout the U. S. economy , it has the same    it on the workers against whom they are competing . The only difference is that when those foreign workers are brought into the United States , their lower wages are subsidized those foreign workers welfare paid for by American taxpayers , and the imported foreign workers are given benefits such as free education for their children , and the the imported foreign workers to vote in U. S. elections . In fact , so recent is the left ’s abandonment of its former position on immigration that only a few years ago Bernie Sanders himself   —    prior to his adopting the new left Bernie Sanders himself   immigration platform to run for President   —    acknowledged the harmful effects of migration on U. S. workers . In U. S. the    Sen. Sanders explained his Bernie Sanders himself   immigration agenda in a Bernie Sanders himself   entitled , "   Immigration Bill Would Depress U. S. Wages " : What most concerns me about this [ immigration ] legislation are the provisions that would bring    workers into this country in order to depress the wages of American workers , which are already in decline . With poverty increasing and the    shrinking , we must not force American workers into even more economic distress . The CEOs who want this bill are n’t even embarrassed by their hypocrisy this [immigration] legislation day they shut down plants with The CEOs who want this bill American workers , and The CEOs who want this bill to China where they pay desperate people 50 cents an hour . The The CEOs who want this bill day , they have the nerve to come before the U. S The CEOs who want this bill and tell us that they ca n’t find skilled workers to do the jobs The CEOs who want this bill they need . Give me a break . Donald Trump The CEOs who want this bill the only candidate in the race who has pledged that he would use tariffs to cancel out Chinese currency manipulation Donald Trump has pledged to reduce migration . 
 