In an exclusive interview , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R. . ) told Breitbart News about Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D. . ) ’s stinging remarks at the American Constitution Society dinner . [ " remarks at the American Constitution Society dinner were excessive and I ’ll just say that , " said the courtly senator , whom Donald Trump himself has flagged as a potential running mate . " We are all colleagues . We all work together . We advocate vigorously . We We be accurate about it . " Sessions spoke to Breitbart News about Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. after his Breitbart News about Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. Friday to the Road to Majority conference .   In what is shaping up as a battle between two    candidates , Warren blasted Sessions as the architect of a    sabotage of President Barack Obama ’s judicial nominees . The first part is the blockade by which the Republicans keep benches empty for a future GOP president to fill . The second part is the destruction of personal reputations —   led by Sessions . Sessions said the Alabama senator ’s opposition to Obama nominees President Barack Obama’s corrosive . " Senate Republicans and their big Republicans allies do n’t like nominees who reflect an insufficient devotion to the interests of the rich and the powerful —   so , they smear Senate Republicans and their big business allies . Senate Republicans and their big business allies " This approach is corrosive to the legal profession . It is This approach to our courts . It corrosive This approach the rule of law , " she said . The example Warren cited was the confirmation of Paula Xinis . Xinis was Paula Xinis Maryland lawyer , who made a fortune suing police officers and departments and won a $ 5 million lawsuit against a New Jersey police dog . " Senator Jeff Sessions was just plain insulting to Paula Xinis Paula Xinis said Warren . Warren insult ? Sessions asked the nominee if she could assure the nominee enforcement that she would be the nominee to them . Sessions law enforcement Warren does Warren appreciate that Sessions is standing up against liberal takeover of the judiciary . " The Left , which she is Warren active part of , wants judges who advance an agenda they can not win at the ballot box , " he said Warren 
 