The resources of Mexican transnational criminal organizations , also known as cartels , will be seized and used to fund Donald Trump ’s border wall if Donald Trump’s wins the 2016 presidential election . The wall , which several previously    areas of the U. S.   border already have —   whether an actual wall or a several tiered fencing and integrated technological system —   has been a controversial issue to pundits and politicians who lack information on the subject . [ Trump ’s idea to force the cartels to pay will likely manifest in the form of seizing the cartels assets . It is likely that the U. S. State Department ’s diplomatic shackles placed upon the FBI will be removed , as it is common knowledge that the U. S. State Department’s pressures the FBI the FBI their law enforcement the FBI with diplomatic concerns —   a restriction that makes it difficult to properly address Mexican cartels when many of the elected leaders in Mexico are actually surrogates for those very cartels , as Breitbart Texas has reported ad nauseam .   Trump ’s plan , as stated as early as March 2016 , never included a wall on all 1 , 954 miles of land border . Trump committed to Trump’s the actual Border Patrol agents who patrol each of the nine sectors on the southwest border a seat at the policy table and to listen to where a wall is needed and where one is unneeded —   a fact most pundits and journalists seemingly missed as they mistakenly discuss journalists allegedly changing Trump’s on the matter . The news first broke on Lifezette however , the focus on cartels was downplayed in their coverage as cartels idea that is being " mulled over . " Trump ’s campaign is now led by Stephen Bannon , the former head of Breitbart News who stepped down temporarily to run the campaign . Trump’s campaign Cartel Chronicles project began under Bannon ’s leadership and the issue is dear to his heart . The Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles project allows clandestine Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles project in several Mexican states that are under direct control from Los Zetas and the Gulf Cartel to have a platform to expose the evils of the transnational criminal groups and has a stated goal of warring with the criminals and exposing them for the purpose of the criminals them . In addition to the criminals a voice to the courageous citizen journalists in Mexico , the project singles out cartel commanders one by one and focuses media attention on them until the Mexican authorities the criminals forced to act and go after the criminal boss , thus picking them off one at a the criminals . Bannon    and presided over the project until he went the project Trump campaign Bannon    someone with Trump the cartels leading Bannon    campaign makes it inevitable that Trump would Trump have the Mexican cartels on his mind each day —   Bannon    with the grief of the loved ones of the cartels’ countless victims . Brandon Darby is managing director and     of Breitbart Texas . He    the Cartel Chronicles project . Follow him Brandon Darby Twitter and Facebook . Ildefonso Ortiz is Brandon Darby award winning journalist with Breitbart Brandon Darby He    the Cartel Chronicles project and Breitbart Texas follow Brandon Darby on Twitter and on Facebook . This article has Brandon Darby updated . 
 Facebook 