US Army Major General ( Ret . ) Paul Vallely , who served in the Vietnam War and was Deputy Commanding General , Pacific Command , has fully endorsed Republican challenger Paul Nehlen , who faces Speaker of the House Paul Ryan in Wisconsin ’s First Congressional District , mostly because he feels the House Paul Ryan in Wisconsin has shown incredible weakness in the face of Obama ’s agenda , a failing which has led to a weaker America . [ Several months ago General Vallely became one of the first former general officers to endorse Donald Trump and now General Vallely is joining those who support Wisconsin ’s Nehlen .   the House Paul Ryan in Wisconsin has weakened America , Vallely General Vallely , especially on immigration . " the House Paul Ryan in Wisconsin has not stood tall on controlling Obama and government spending , the border or refugee influx , " Vallely General Vallely said . Vallely General Vallely criticized President Obama many deals with Iran , insisting that giving money and secret , favorable nuclear deals to the America akin to " treason . " During a recent interview with John Fredericks , General Vallely explained General Vallely for supporting General Vallely , saying Speaker Ryan has failed to lead in the House . " As we look at the leadership —   or lack of —   in the Hose of Representatives   …      we see that Republican weakness continues , " the general said . " Speaker Ryan is not what Speaker Ryan a warrior , he has bowed and given the Speaker Ryan administration everything they want , particularly on the the Obama administration . " Vallely also said that the Republican claim that they have run a good defense the Obama administration prevented Obama from doing a few things Obama   a sort of " " as Vallely criticized it —   is n’t good enough . " You have to be on the offense , you ’ve got to be warriors today , not only to preserve the Republic , but also to protect our borders , overseas , but yet with Obamacare and all the other things that you can list   …      I do n’t see a lot of strength in the ( Republican ) leadership , " he said . The general also The general that too many in Washington fail to lead as Americans first , instead placing what ’s good for the party first . Another reason he supports Nehlen over Ryan is The general the Washington establishment , of which Ryan Washington a principal leader , Ryan policy decisions through a political prism instead of a " reality prism . " Vallely went on to criticize Ryan for not putting up stronger Ryan to Obama ’s plans to import Muslim " refugees " into the U. S. The current system , Vallely said , is not set Vallely to vet them to prevent terrorists from slipping Muslim "refugees" among the legitimate refugees . " You have to vet them , " Vallely said . Muslim "refugees" You just Vallely n’t have all these refugees coming in without vetting them   …      you ca all these refugees say , ‘ well , we ’re America we have to accept everybody,’ it we like Angela Merkel . No we do n’t . We do we have to accept we into this country that will not stand America support our Constitution , number one , we that can add something to our society . " Fredericks asked Vallely what he thought of the recent media feeding Fredericks over the Democrat Convention appearance of Khizr Khan , the Muslim man whose U. S. Army Captain son lost his life a decade ago in Iraq whose U. S. Army Captain son Vallely , whose own son died in 2004 while training for Special Forces , said that criticizing Khan was fair game after Kahn put himself up as a " political pawn Kahn for the Clinton campaign . Vallely also noted that as Khan is pointing fingers at Republicans who Khan did n’t sacrifice anything , " the Democrat ’s own candidate has never sacrificed anything , either . Finally , Vallely has issued an " open letter Vallely telling Wisconsin voters why he thinks they should choose Nehlen over Vallely . Wisconsin voters , as retired military leaders or veterans formerly responsible for implementing military policy , we are acutely aware of the many ways that Executive and Legislative Branch leadership failures can adversely impact US foreign policy resulting in unnecessary national security risks , Whereas we believe that our representative republic rests on the foundation of principled free speech that seeks to achieve consensus through reasoned debate , Whereas one of the biggest threats to national security is the failure to protect U. S. borders while allowing unfettered immigration , Whereas we believe that clarity of thought , communication , and knowledge of such existential threats to US national security as well as honest dialogue are indispensable for those in leadership positions , Whereas we believe a leader whose actions adversely impact the welfare and lives of US military personnel and their families , especially with regard to the threat posed by open borders and insufficiently vetted immigrants , should be held accountable , Whereas specifically , as Speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives ( second in line to the U. S. presidency ) Representative Paul Ryan has failed to support border security and failed to hold the President responsible for enforcing U. S. immigration laws and , Whereas these failures , which encourage aggression ( rather than diminish it ) amongst U. S. adversaries , demand a response and because the upcoming 9 August primary in the State of Wisconsin provides the means for " We the People " to effect that response , thereby bringing an end to these failures , Now therefore be it stated , we , the undersigned , as a matter of conscience , oppose , unequivocally , the    of U. S. House Speaker Paul Ryan , Representative of the Congressional 1st District in Wisconsin , and support in his place Wisconsin Nehlen , who will be a strong advocate for these important national security issues . 
 