The Republican National Committee is trying to increase pressure on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ahead of Monday ’s first presidential debate . [ Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s poor health   —    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton collapsed during the    memorial ceremony and was dragged into a van by staff , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton doctor says Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia   —    relaxed campaign schedule , and " debate reflexes " as a career politician running for president for a quarter of a century put intense pressure on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to exceed all expectations , RNC Chief Strategist and Communications Director Sean Spicer said in a statement :   [ T]he pressure is squarely on Hillary Clinton to live up to Hillary Clinton reputation as a talented debater at a time when millions of undecided voters will be glued to millions of undecided voters screens . For Hillary Clinton , high expectations stem from ample experience . Hillary Clinton is a career politician who has spent years sharpening Hillary Clinton debate reflexes and beefing up on public policy . Donald Trump is new to the format . Aside from the primary debates ( which have lower levels of attention focused on attention and many more participants ) Donald Trump ’s lack of formal , political ,     debate experience gives Hillary Clinton a significant advantage . The leftist media have repeatedly crowed about Hillary Clinton superior debating skills : Clinton Hillary Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon described Clinton Hillary Clinton in seeing the debate stage as a " proving ground . " Chief Strategist Joel Benenson echoed Fallon by Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon of Trump , " I do n’t think he can Chief Strategist Joel Benenson toe to toe with her , Trump and speculated Clinton " Hillary Clinton come out on top . " Not to be outdone , Clinton surrogate Hillary Clinton Rendell said she held Clinton surrogate Ed Rendell own Clinton surrogate Ed Rendell many occasions in 2008 against Obama , who he called Clinton surrogate Ed Rendell probably the greatest debater in public speaking , in politics , in our lifetime . " The optimism in the Clinton camp Hillary Clinton shared in the media as well , where there is almost unanimous agreement Clinton is Hillary Clinton adept debater . Dana Bash , Chris Matthews , and Chris Hayes note how " seasoned " she is , and more pundits than we can count ( including John Heilemann , Wolf Blitzer , and Mark Shields ) laud her talent she experience and debate skills . " Yet this gives the blunt ,    Trump the advantage , the RNC says : Trump has Trump the advantage been running for president for 24 years he ’s Trump the advantage his career Trump the advantage a successful businessman . Few are expecting the same level of polish from a verbal gunslinger whose rhetorical strength is speaking to the heart   —    and the gut   —    of the American people . Aside from the Super Bowl , the first debate has very high potential to be the most watched television event of the year . With so much riding on this moment and a wealth of experience working in her favor Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton has no excuse not to turn in a    performance . Online polls taken after GOP primary debates declared Trump the winner of every single one . Clinton has Hillary Clinton few events in the days leading up to the first presidential debate , which will take place on Monday at 9 PM EST . Both candidates must stand for 90 minutes before the audience , under hot stage lights . 
 