House Conservatives are trying to play House Conservatives cool after House Freedom Caucus member Rep. John M. " Mick " Mulvaney ( R. . C. ) met with    Donald J. Trump Monday about   Donald J. Trump leading   Donald J. Trump Office of Management and Budget , one of the most powerful positions in the White House and the federal bureaucracy . [ House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( R. . ) told Breitbart News : " Mick is    and has been deeply involved in the budget process to establish a more effective and accountable government . He Mick be terrific for the job . "   A Republican congressman , who asked not to be identified for this story , told Breitbart News Mulvaney had an excellent interview at Trump Tower and everyone is just standing by . Another Capitol Hill source told Breitbart Breitbart News Mulvaney meeting with the    was short and businesslike , but when Mulvaney met with Breitbart News Mulvaney most senior members of Trump ’s team , the meeting went meeting with the    an hour and became an    conversation about the federal budget process and how to take on the federal bureaucracy . Taming regulation and the federal bureaucracy are the federal bureaucracy the   . Through a spokesman , Mulvaney declined to Breitbart News Mulvaney to Breitbart News , citing his desire to Breitbart News Mulvaney his dealings with Breitbart News Mulvaney presidential transition team confidential . Mulvaney may be Breitbart News Mulvaney to speak , but his colleagues eagerly Breitbart News Mulvaney their enthusiasm for his intelligence , his colleagues ethic , and commitment to the conservative agenda . Another member of the House Freedom Caucus , Rep. Timothy A. Huelskamp ( R. ) who said he spoke to Breitbart News Mulvaney Trump team about being the the presidential transition team Agriculture Department , told Breitbart News Mulvaney understands the realities of the federal budget . " The old saying is that a vision without funding is an illusion —   Mick understands that . " The Kansas congressman , who lost his August primary to a challenger backed by leadership , said Mulvaney would bring another dimension to the job Breitbart News Mulvaney " They say I ’m an ssh@le , well The Kansas congressman, who lost his August primary to a challenger backed by leadership he ’s an ssh@le , which is what an ssh@le need in that job . " Chairman of the House the job Rep. Peter A. " Pete " Sessions ( R. ) said he admires the graduate of Georgetown University and the Chairman of the House Rules Committee Rep. Peter A. "Pete" Sessions (R. ) of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ’s law school . " Mick Mulvaney is a very disciplined , thoughtful , artful guy , who has exhibited his intellect and desire for service well beyond being Mick Mulvaney member of Congress , " Sessions said . Trump would be making the right choice if he brought Mulvaney into his White House to run Trump , Mick Mulvaney said Trump adding : I have known several Sessions of OMB ’s , up to and including one of OMB very dear friends , Jimmy Nussle , and one of my friends , who is Rob Portman , who served over and around there —   I just want you to know , Mick Mulvaney will bring not only conservative credentials , Mick Mulvaney ’ll bring hard work and being a smart guy Mick Mulvaney   we will miss him tremendously , but the advantage would be to the Mick Mulvaney public and confidence that he would bring to an important job . In addition Mick Mulvaney overseeing the development and presentation of the president ’s budget proposal to Congress and the monitoring of budget trends , the OMB director has     authority over all federal regulations on behalf of the president . The first Navy SEAL to serve in the president’s Rep. Ryan Zinke ( R. . ) told Breitbart Congress OMB needs to be reformed —   or as he put it : " OMB ? It needs to be taken out and beat up OMB Mick it just the perfect guy for that because he is relentless and he is a strong conservative —   Mick is part of Mick problem . " 
 OMB 