As the primary season progresses , a great many members of the Republican establishment are becoming overly emotional .   [ a great many members of the Republican establishment ’re angry and frustrated that a great many members of the Republican establishment      candidates did n’t amount to much this time around .     outsiders Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are dominating the popular vote and the delegate count .     the Republican establishment must face the facts :   a change agent is going to be the Republican nominee for president . In 2008 and 2012 when establishment picks John McCain and Mitt Romney prevailed in the primary process , grassroots conservatives were told to fall in line and we did .   We we n’t start # NeverMcCain or # NeverRomney campaigns , although we we every right to when you consider things like Romneycare and   . Chairman Priebus , of course , was talking directly to the counterproductive Never Trumpers .   It appears that Priebus has considered the wisdom of # NeverTrump and soundly rejected it for obvious reasons .   Do the establishment sore losers pushing this movement have any idea what they the establishment sore losers pushing this movement doing ? Here are the potential outcomes of # #NeverTrump my perspective , all of which are horrible for Republicans . This disastrous outcome would mean that Hillary Clinton would pick Justice Antonin Scalia ’s successor and perhaps two additional Supreme Court nominees .    The logic here is n’t very complicated .   If you support the # NeverTrump movement   —    for whatever immature reason you convince yourself of   —    you ’re essentially supporting a    liberal Supreme Court for the next generation .   We ’re all about to find out if this is the true preference of the # NeverTrump crowd . I ’ll readily admit that every candidate on both sides should tone down the rhetoric   —    including Donald Trump .   After all , Trump ’s Donald Trump and now is the time to rise above Bill Ayers and his ilk Donald Trump be presidential .   This is an enormous opportunity for him . Donald Trump message is simple , even if unpleasant for some Washington elites .   All Republicans must unite around the nominee whoever it turns out to be .   If Hillary Clinton is elected president because one of the scenarios I mentioned plays out , the # NeverTrump crowd will receive a lion ’s share of the blame and that could mean the end of the GOP as we know it . 
 