The tension among Republicans after a lengthy presidential primary that began with seventeen contenders and ended with Donald Trump as the nominee , gets all the media attention , but the Democrat civil war has also been quite vicious . [ Politico covers the latest battle , in which progressives launched a    strike against Julian Castro , widely seen as a top    pick for     presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton , but Julian Castro seems to have launched a    strike against their    strike .   Castro , who is currently the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development , is 41 years old , so he would balance out the Clinton ticket in several useful demographic categories . he came under fire last week from progressive groups upset by the way HUD has been selling off delinquent mortgages : At issue is the Distressed Asset Stabilization Program , started in 2010 to allow mortgages going toward foreclosure to be sold to what HUD calls " qualified bidders and encourages "qualified bidders to work with borrowers to help bring the loan out of default . " The progressives attacking Castro say The progressives attacking Castro believe the mortgages should be sold instead to nonprofits and other institutions that would care more about the communities involved . What Castro ’s done , The progressives attacking Castro say , has essentially amounted to a fire sale for Wall Street firms . Rep. Raúl Grijalva ( . )    of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and one of Sanders’ few endorsers in Congress , complained about the program to Castro last week in a letter obtained by Politico . " Your own Distressed Asset Stabilization Program , which was designed to help right the wrongs of the meltdown years , has been selling homes that once belonged to the families I ’ve spoken with at    prices to the Wall Street entities that created this situation in the first place , " Grijalva wrote . HUD attempted to rebut these charges by insisting that HUD program has been working as designed , with the goal of " providing an option for homeowners to remain in homeowners homes , " as one spokesperson put it . To that end , a policy change was implemented last year that required loan purchasers to delay foreclosure proceedings for a year . The department also stressed that Castro has " continued to meet with advocates , in the hopes of improving the policy , " and one of those improvements involved selling more mortgages to nonprofits , as the progressive groups demand . That was n’t good enough for the coalition of progressive groups going after Castro , which include " the Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment ( ACCE ) Action , American Family Voices , Color of Change , Courage Campaign , CPD Action , Daily Kos , MoveOn , New York Communities for Change , Other 98 % Presente , RootsAction , Rootstrikers and the Working Families Party , " according to Politico . There ’s even a    website for the    effort , DontSellOurHomestoWallStreet . org . " HUD ’s two most recent sales have sent 98 percent of the mortgages straight to Wall Street   —    and at a HUGE discount , almost half off ! Sign the petition to tell Secretary Castro to stop selling our neighborhoods to Wall Street   ! " the website implores . Some of Castro Secretary Castro critics complained that HUD practices are so opaque that it HUD hard to tell if the promises made by Castro and Secretary Castro HUD have been fulfilled . His HUD argue that progressives do n’t understand how the delinquent mortgage market works   —    only big banks can afford to buy them in only big banks , and selling the loans quickly is the best way to help delinquent homeowners . One of the big progressive complaints is that HUD does n’t attach enough strings to these mortgages when selling them to these mortgages . Of course , if they had these mortgages strings attached , the banks banks less likely to buy them , and banks rule like " no foreclosures against people who are n’t making mortgage payments for a year " is already a very thick string . It ’s amusing a rule like "no foreclosures against people who aren’t making mortgage payments for a year" progressives always act surprised when the people expected to pay for their agenda try the people escape their clutches . the people ’s also a rule like "no foreclosures against people who aren’t making mortgage payments for a year" that anyone contemplating a vote for Hillary Clinton , of all people , would be worried about her    nominee Hillary Clinton too cozy with Wall Street . The point of going so hard on Castro is probably to signal Clinton that she Hillary Clinton to Hillary Clinton fences with progressives after she finishes putting Hillary Clinton Sanders away . It would be very unusual if they settled for her throwing them Hillary Clinton bone they her    pick Hillary Clinton especially since she ’ll want Hillary Clinton pivot to the center and make her ticket more Hillary Clinton , the way young , charismatic , and Latino Julian Castro could . Castro clearly heard Latino Julian Castro sound of incoming fire from the far Left , because on Monday , Politico reported that he will announce Politico to the HUD mortgage program : Among the changes , changes to the HUD mortgage program people with knowledge of what ’s coming : The Federal Housing Authority will put out a new plan requiring investors to offer principal reduction for all occupied loans , start a new requirement that all loan modifications be fixed for at least five years and limit any subsequent increase to 1 percent per year , and create a "   prohibition " to block any purchaser of    mortgages from abandoning    properties in the hopes of preventing neighborhood blight . HUD claimed these changes were n’t specifically made in response to pressure from progressives , and doggedly continues to insist its critics are using HUD information to judge the performance of the mortgage program . Castro might have some trouble getting the progs off his back . Some Castro the activists quoted by Politico sounded unsatisfied by his proposals   — Politico they really want more Some of the activists quoted by Politico discounted mortgage sales to nonprofit groups , and never mind how much red ink that would spill across HUD ’s ledgers . Also , there were some grumbles about how Castro ’s policy changes Castro n’t go into effect before the next big mortgage auction on May 18 , and activists want results from HUD , not more HUD . The Department , however , argued that the May 18 auction is for a different category of mortgages , and no auction for the Distressed Asset Stabilization Program has yet been scheduled in 2016 . " Activists had been growing frustrated with the pace and substance of the conversations with HUD , and HUD officials have been HUD patience with them as well , Activists that the activists are out for attention and landing on Castro simply because his name is in Castro running mate mix , " Politico writes . " And , well aware that this is a critical political moment for Castro , activists warn Castro they ’re ready to activists after him until the Democratic Castro in July , and beyond that if he is Clinton ’s Castro . " It sounds like a whole lot of signaling is going on here . Progressives are slipping into the " bargaining " stage of the grief process over Bernie Sanders , flexing their muscles and letting Progressives know they expect Clinton concession Progressives or else they ’ll make trouble Progressives her all the way Clinton the convention .    The " beyond " part is a bit more of a stretch , and progressives might be fooling themselves by thinking they progressives do real progressives damage to Hillary " $ 350 Clinton 000 Speech " Clinton by carping about her veep ’s alleged Clinton toward Wall Street , because of a mortgage program not many voters truly understand . Also , the spectacle of banks buying mortgages is n’t exactly shocking to anyone who ever took out a mortgage .   As a bit of Democrat Civil War theater , however , it ’s an interesting performance , and a sign that Clinton ’s still having Clinton nailing down her left flank . Clinton 