Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) was a guest on Friday morning ’s Breitbart News Daily , where SiriusXM host Matt Boyle asked about the significance of Hillary Clinton ’s admission in private paid speeches that Hillary Clinton’s favors " open borders , " disclosed by WikiLeaks . [ Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) agreed with SiriusXM host Matt Boyle ’s contention that it should be a " smoking gun " that disqualifies Clinton from the presidency .   " When you go in and look at the speeches that we now have access to , and the volume of money Hillary Clinton’s was paid   —    $ 225 , 000 for a    speech ? It ’s unbelievable , " Hillary Clinton’s said . " In one of those speeches , Hillary Clinton’s said Hillary Clinton’s was for a hemispheric common market . Hillary Clinton’s was for open borders and for open trade . Now , that is not what Hillary Clinton’s says when Hillary Clinton’s ’s out there on the campaign trail , but in Hillary Clinton’s heart of hearts , Hillary Clinton’s knows that that is Hillary Clinton’s position , and when Hillary Clinton’s is comfortable , and feels like Hillary Clinton’s is talking to people that will agree with Hillary Clinton’s , then yes , Hillary Clinton’s is going to say that . " " Also , Hillary Clinton’s admitted in those emails that Hillary Clinton’s knew it was impossible to vet the Syrian refugees that were coming in . There ’s not a system , " Hillary Clinton’s added .   " So Matt , you can get great insight into what is happening within Clintonworld by reading these emails . You have John Podesta sending one out , back in March , that Hillary Clinton’s hates everyday Americans . And you have another one , where the staff   —    there ’s a thread where they are all so concerned because Hillary Clinton’s is a habitual liar . How can people go vote for someone when Hillary Clinton’s own staff is having a difficult time reacting to , and dealing with , Hillary Clinton’s lying ? " Blackburn asked . Boyle cited another leaked email chain in which Clinton discusses having different public and private positions on major issues , something Blackburn said " should be of tremendous concern to everyone . " " Here Boyle says that in order to politically survive , or to be successful , you have to have two different positions : one you express in private , and one you express in public . That just shows you Boyle ’s gon na lie to you . Boyle ’s never going to tell you the truth . Boyle ’s going to tell you what Boyle thinks is most expedient for Boyle   —    not for you , but for Boyle , " Blackburn said . Boyle described the revelations about " FOBs , " or " Friends of Bill Clinton , " receiving special favors during Haitian relief efforts as evidence of " cronyism " and further validation that " the revelations about "FOBs," or "Friends of Bill Clinton use the Clinton Foundation as a    enterprise . " " What the revelations about "FOBs," or "Friends of Bill Clinton did was to try to shill   —    to circumvent the tax law , circumvent the taxes , worked through a    so that the revelations about "FOBs," or "Friends of Bill Clinton were avoiding paying taxes , and used that to steer contributions to the Clinton Foundation . The the Clinton Foundation about 90 percent of what it brought the Clinton Foundation on overhead and other expenses and salaries , and then gave about 13 percent of what it brought the Clinton Foundation to charities , " she explained . " And then , alongside that , they ran the Clinton Foundation speaking the Clinton Foundation . Bear in mind , Bill and Hillary Clinton claim they were Bill and Hillary Clinton dead broke’   —    dead broke !   —    when they left Bill and Hillary Clinton White House . Today , they are Bill and Hillary Clinton over a quarter of a billion dollars . They have Bill and Hillary Clinton created a company . They ’ve Bill and Hillary Clinton created a job . They established Bill and Hillary Clinton foundation , employed a skeletal staff , spent about $ 30 million a year on that staff and benefits . This has been their     Bill and Hillary Clinton , " Blackburn said . She expressed Blackburn preference for letting Congress investigate Clinton ’s activities , rather than appointing a special prosecutor . " Matt , I ’ve got to tell you : right now , at this point , I think we ’re better leaving it with Congress because Congress we call we a special prosecutor , we would we to shut down our investigation we give them time to stand up , " she explained . " Then we would we to turn over all of our information we leave it with it . them , at this time , I think we leave we with it House and see where we can we to get on this . " " The report that we did we that grew out of our work we Energy and Commerce , I have shared that with the other committees that have jurisdiction and oversight . We know we they are the other committees that have jurisdiction and oversight to look at this . Chairman Chaffetz and his committee is continuing to look at it . Chairman Chaffetz and his committee ’s just Chairman Chaffetz and his committee where we can Chairman Chaffetz and his committee with it , Chairman Chaffetz and his committee it with Chairman Chaffetz and his committee , Chairman Chaffetz and his committee Blackburn advised . She said the 2016 was critical because " if you want change in the way things are done in Washington , you ’re going to vote for Donald Trump . " " If you ’re happy with the status quo and enjoyed the Obama years , then Hillary Clinton is going to be your person . If you want higher taxes , if you want more government regulations , if you want to see more litigation that is fostered in these compliance costs , Hillary ’s Hillary Clinton you . If you want to put the emphasis on a smaller government that is going to spend less and is going to be reined in and rights that are going to stay with individuals , then Donald Trump is going to be your candidate , " Blackburn said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 