HOLLIS , New Hampshire   —    Ivanka Trump told a room full of supporters in New Hampshire that the most positive and encouraging experience she Ivanka Trump had while campaigning for her Ivanka Trump is learning how many people across the country love America despite all the negativity involved in politics , adding that it ’s the people that motivate her her father [ .@IvankaTrump campaigning at a town hall in Hollis , NH on Thur . after visiting a charter school . pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) November 4 , 2016 ,    " I wo n’t say it ’s a surprise , but I think it ’s it validation of something that I ’ve known , but I really feel so much now as I ’ve traveled across this country   …      the American people love this country this country   and they know what the American people can be , " Trump responded when asked about the most positive experience she has had Trump the campaign . Everyone is so busy being pulled in 1 , 000 directions , but first and foremost , you care about this country and each other and we want what ’s right and what ’s best . So , for all of the negatively that exist   —    and there ’s a lot   —    politics is a rough business , real estate on a relative basis   …     real estate people are not babies   —    but this is tough relative to that . " But in spite of all of that , I think the passion , the hope , the optimism , the excitement that I hear from so many people that I hear in the potential of a Trump presidency is deeply inspiring and it ’s very the potential of a Trump presidency and I know for my father , that ’s the fuel for him that keeps my father going . my father ’s the people , " she added . Spotted quite a few of these large @realDonaldTrump signs in Hollis , # newhampshire today @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) November 3 , 2016 ,   The Republican nominee took the lead over Hillary Clinton recently in the Real Clear Politics average of polls for New Hampshire . He ’s currently The Republican nominee by an average of 1 . 5 points in the Granite State . The Trump campaign is holding several events in New Hampshire , New Hampshire won his first Trump , Trump up to election day . 
 