Comedy Central has cancelled Comedy Central perpetually      program The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore . [ The program , which replaced Stephen Colbert ’s Colbert Report at Comedy Central in 2015 , will air its Comedy Central show on Thursday .   " I ’m really grateful to Comedy Comedy Central Jon Stewart , and our fans to have had this opportunity , " Wilmore said Larry Wilmore a statement . " But I ’m also ’m and surprised we wo our be covering this crazy election or ‘ The Unblackening’ as we ’ve our it . And keeping it 100 it I guess I had n’t counted on ‘ The Unblackening’ ‘The Unblackening’ my time slot as well . " Network president Kent Alterman told USA Today that the program ’s ratings were the main factor behind the decision to cancel the series . " Even as the show has evolved creatively    …      it has n’t the show to connect with our audience , which is disconcerting and disappointing to us , " our told the Network president Kent Alterman . " When we took a our look   —     especially after the conventions , where we also did our see any traction we were hoping our   —    we did n’t our enough evidence to justify committing to another year . " Comedy Central will reportedly move the popular quiz show @midnight into the 11:30 p. m. slot following Trevor Noah ’s Daily Show until a replacement program can be developed for the time slot . Wilmore struggled in the ratings almost immediately after taking over for Colbert in January 2015 . By February of this year , Wilmore ’s ratings Wilmore 55 % from the Colbert Report , and coverage of the Republican and Democratic National Conventions and a controversial stint hosting the White House Correspondents Dinner earlier this year did n’t translate into higher ratings . During a Reddit " Ask Me Anything " ( AMA ) earlier this year , Wilmore said he never Wilmore his Wilmore to be Wilmore to the Daily Show or Colbert Report . " the Colbert Report the missions of the show when we started the Daily Show be an answer to The Daily Show and focus on the Daily Show and gender . It ’s really those three things , though it seems like a lot of talk on race . It ’s one of the ways we were It ourselves from The Daily Show , " he we . the Daily Show criticized and berated conservatives and Republicans in segments on his program . For example , a skit in May he to brand Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s support of Second Amendment rights as racist . Wilmore also created a firestorm in April at the White Wilmore Correspondents Dinner , when he used a racial slur while addressing President Obama . Wilmore Words alone do me no justice . So , Mr. President , if I ’m going to keep it President Obama Yo , Barry , you did it , no justice nigga . You did it , " the    host said toward the end of it performance . White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the the   host " appreciated the sentiment " of Wilmore ’s remarks President Obama Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 