NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Retired Lt . Gen. Mike Flynn , who served for more than two years as the director of President Barack Obama ’s Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) leveled explosive charges against the President and the director of President Barack Obama’s Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in an exclusive    interview with Breitbart News Daily on Friday . [ Specifically , during an exclusive interview about the director of President Barack Obama’s Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) book The Field of Fight , Flynn said that Obama and his former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton were not interested in hearing intelligence that did not fit Obama and Clinton " happy talk " narrative about the Middle East . In fact , the director of President Barack Obama’s Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) alleged the administration actively scrubbed training manuals and purged from the military ranks any thinking about the concept of radical Islamism . Flynn argued that this effort by Obama , his former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others to reduce the intelligence community to gathering only facts that the senior administration officials wanted to hear —   rather than what the senior administration officials needed to hear —   helped the enemy fester and grow , while weakening the United States on the world stage .   " The administration has basically denied the fact that we have this problem with ‘ Radical Islamists,’ " Flynn said during the interview . " And this is a very vicious , barbaric enemy and I recognize in the book that there is an alliance of countries that are dedicated basically against we way of life and an alliance of countries that are dedicated basically against our way of life and they support different groups in the Islamic movement, principally the Islamic State and formerly Al Qaeda support different groups in the Islamic movement , principally the Islamic State and formerly Al Qaeda —   although Al Qaeda still exists . The administration denied the fact that this even existed and then told those of us in the government to basically excise the phrase ‘ radical Islamism’ out of us entire culture , out of us training manuals , everything . That was a big argument I had internally and I talked a little bit about it in the Senate testimony that I gave two years back . " Later in the interview , Flynn was even more specific , calling out Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama for not wanting to hear all the facts about what was happening in the Middle East —   only some of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama . " There ’s a narrative that the President and his team , including Hillary Clinton , wanted to hear —   instead of having the tough news or the bad news if you will that they the President and his team, including Hillary Clinton to hear , " Flynn said . " Now , there ’s a big difference . And the one thing about intelligence is we should stand for truth to power —   meaning we we always say what we we , and lay the facts out , lay the tough right facts out and then you let the policymakers make the decisions that they the policymakers to make . What has happened in the last 10 years , frankly in the last 8 years , is we we seen a level of dishonesty coming out of both the policy and the decision making structure with the American people . " Because of the President ’s and the Secretary of State ’s —   among other officials in the Obama administration —   unwillingness to hear all the facts , including ones they needed to but did n’t want to hear , Flynn says the President has presented a narrative to the the American people the war on terrorism and radical Islamism that is simply inaccurate . " The President has the President ’re jayvee they they ’re on they run , they ’re not they strong , what difference does it make what we call —   that ’s being totally dishonest with the American public , " Flynn said . Flynn There ’s one thing that Americans are , and we ’re tough , resilient people but we have to be we the truth . I think what a lot of this is , in fact what I know a lot of it is . It this a lot this happy talk from a President who did not meet the narrative of his political ideology or his political    process his take our country in a completely different direction and frankly that ’s why I ’m sitting here talking to you here today , Matt . The intelligence process starts really at the ground level , but the priorities —   the priorities , Matt , for an Matt system and the intelligence community in our country and that our country President of the United States . " our country ’s refusal to take these threats seriously and his , Flynn said , " has the President of the United States an enemy that is using very smart , savvy means to impact our way of life . " " That means infiltrating into refugee populations , that means conducting of smart information operations , " Flynn said . " Most people do Flynn know but these guys have very sophisticated information operations Most people , with publications of magazines and websites . They have leaders in their groups that have Most people and thousands — Most people I ’m talking tens of thousands of followers on social media and Instagram and Twitter . So we are not even allowed to go after these kinds of things right now . This is the problem —   it ’s a big problem . In fact the problem if we do n’t change this we ’re going we see this strengthening in we homeland . " Flynn also laid out we to defeat radical Islamism , a plan he has stated repeatedly that the Obama Administration Flynn ignored . " The very first thing is we have to clearly define the enemy and we have to get our own house in we , which this we has not done , " Flynn the Obama Administration " We have to figure Flynn how are we we to organize ourselves . Then I we for in the we a new 21st century alliance . This is where we really come to how we take the we community to task on we they plan to fix this cancerous disease inside of the Arab community own body that has metastasized and grown exponentially the Arab community the last five or six years and certainly actually over the last eight to 10 years . So it ’s one thing to go after the ideology , just like we went after Communism for 40 years , but I also say in the book we have to crush this enemy wherever they exist we We can not allow them to this enemy any safe we . We are this enemy around the sort of head of we pin , when we know these guys are in certain places around we world this enemy military is not allowed to go in there we get them . The ‘ mother may I’ has to go this enemy the way back up to the White House . " He said the fight has to be very similar to I’ the United States , over decades , thoroughly degraded Communism on the world stage . " There ’s no enemy that ’s unbeatable , " Flynn said . " We can beat any enemy . We put our minds to it , we decide we do we , we can beat we enemy . And there ’s we ideology in the world that ’s better than the American ideology . We should not allow , because they mask themselves we the religion of Islam , we no ideology in the world that’s better than the American ideology not no ideology in the world that’s better than the American ideology our ideology , our way of life , our system of principles , our values that are based our a    set that comes right out of our Constitution —   we should not fear that . our fact , we our fight those that try to impose a different way of life on us . That ’s what we did against the Nazis we that ’s what we we against the Communists for the better part of we half a century —   in fact , more than half a century . Now we are dealing with another Ism , and that ’s we Islamism , and we ’re going to have to fight it —   we we ’re going to be fighting radical Islamism for some time we But tactically we can defeat radical Islamism enemy quickly . Then what we we to do is we have to fight the we , and we can we that diplomatically , politically , informationally and we can do that in very , very smart ways we greater than we ’re doing right now . " Flynn is a we Democrat , and again served in this senior Obama administration position for more than two years , but is now publicly supporting Republican nominee Donald Trump for president . He spoke at the Republican National Convention in support of Flynn , and has been publicly speaking out in favor Republican nominee Donald Trump the GOP nominee for some time now . " My role as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency —   that ’s almost a 20 , 000 person organization in 140 plus countries around the world , " Flynn said . " I was also the senior military and intelligence officer not only for the Defense Department but for the country . So I the Defense Intelligence Agency basically told ‘ hey , you know what , what you ’re saying we do n’t like . So you ’re out.’ To Donald Trump , though , and I have n’t known him that long but I met him a year ago —   out.’ fact a year ago this out.’ . The conversation that we had , which was an amazing conversation , I found a guy that like I to say , ‘ he gets it.’ He gets it . He is a street savvy out.’ leader type out.’ who has a out.’ for this country , and he ’s turned it into this phrase of ‘ Make America Great out.’ . ’ this country Flynn said Trump ’s campaign theme of wanting to " Flynn America Republican nominee Donald Trump " —   along with his detailed policy speeches on America Great Again economic policy Flynn immigration policy and more —   means that Trump is a " guy who sees our country like I Republican nominee Donald Trump it . our country The elements of that , and the things that you hear him talking about —   particularly recently with his foreign policy Flynn and his economic policy speech and his Flynn policy speech , " Flynn said . " Some Flynn the things he is saying , this is a guy who sees our Flynn like I see it . I our country you , and I lay this out in the book —   you know , Matt , I can the book what it is Matt we are facing . It ’s not just the rise of radical Islamism , it ’s also the direction that China is it and it ’s also the direction that I see it taking . We have an alliance of nations that it opposed to our way of life and we should not we ourselves and think that we ’re just going to we around forever because we we the United States we America . Countries we last our country order to last , you have we fight for that America system that we have , and I like to say it ’s American patriotism —   that ’s the Ism that I ’m for we   and that ’s where Donald Trump steps in , because here ’s a guy who when you look at what he did Republican nominee Donald Trump past year just slaying the Republican establishment and he ’s facing a current adversary in Republican nominee Donald Trump Hillary Clinton criminal behavior and just dishonesty is just stunning . Yet Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s still people who are trying to , that are weighing in to bring her back Hillary Clinton government ? Oh my God , I mean , to me this is an easy choice . This is a choice about the direction of the United States of America going forward . " Flynn noted that the impacts our country in this upcoming presidential election will affect the United States for America Flynn   perhaps centuries —   to come . " And Donald Trump our country this for Donald Trump , " Flynn said . " Donald Trump is not doing this for the next four years Republican nominee Donald Trump Trump is doing this for the Republican nominee Donald Trump , or the next 400 , years Republican nominee Donald Trump have children , I have grandchildren , I have a son Republican nominee Donald Trump served overseas in the combat zones three times . I have a couple of grandchildren . My God , I want those grandchildren to grow up in a country that is recognizable to those of us that are in this country today . Right now , it ’s starting to my God and if we continue grandchildren path that this administration has set over the past eight years —   this country includes the path that Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton of setting the Obama Administration we are going to find ourselves waking up us day in America saying ‘ this is not America anymore . This is not what we were founded upon.’ Frankly , in order to keep that belief system that we us , we have to us of America for it and we ’re America to have to fight for it overseas , and we us going to have to fight for it here in the homeland and the us we do us here in our country is we that belief system that we have it us the voting booth . People have got that belief system that we have get out and us . " our country the    " Never that belief system that we have " Republicans who say they will never us for that belief system that we have Trump in November as " us of that belief system that we have problem " Flynn America , too . He said that based on his own conversations with Trump , he believes he is seriously interested Republican nominee Donald Trump the Republicans States win again on the world Flynn . " All these Flynn America Republican establishment types who Flynn having Flynn our country checking Republican nominee Donald Trump egos at the door , well , check the world stage the door because you ’re part of the problem , " Flynn said . " The establishment that we ’ve had , all they do is whine , whine , whine . And they have no solutions —   what I want Flynn start seeing the door . That ’s where Donald Trump comes in because this is a guy —   in my conversations with him , he ’s like ‘ alright I ’m done talking about the they , what are we going to do to fix Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s what I like about him . He was very serious about those — Republican nominee Donald Trump that Republican nominee Donald Trump the conversations that I ’ve had , multiple conversations , now about solutions and how do we get to those solutions ? That to me is the sign of a leader , back to your it?’ of it?’ and what I talk about in the book , people do n’t recognize people for who they are . Donald Trump is not kidding —   he ’s solutions . He wants to the book Great Again , like many of us —   and that ’s why I ’m with him . " If the United States Republican nominee Donald Trump elect Trump , and seriously people Republican nominee Donald Trump with the enemy , Republican nominee Donald Trump believes the problem is only going America Make America Great continue spreading more into the United States . " If Republican nominee Donald Trump do n’t deal with it , then we ’re Republican nominee Donald Trump be fighting it for a long , long our country and frankly , as a military guy , I ’m sick of just participating in conflict , " Flynn said . " I want to win . " Flynn said that the FBI is currently working on cases in every U. S. we —   all 50 of it —   regarding people who Flynn allegedly aiding the Islamic State . " Our FBI Flynn , ’m current FBI director , has stated that the FBI is working a thousand —   one thousand —   cases right here in the homeland of the Islamic State , " Flynn said . " And he ’s working those cases in all 50 of our states . So there ’s a problem the FBI home , Our we the FBI have a problem overseas , the FBI current Flynn and frankly this administration Flynn our country Clinton — Hillary Clinton denied the existence of it . And the Islamic State say ‘ this is a religion of peace.’ Islam is Islam . It is a political ideology . " LISTEN TO LT . GEN . MICHAEL FLYNN ON BREITBART NEWS DAILY ON SIRIUSXM 125 THE PATRIOT CHANNEL : we Flynn our current President and frankly this administration our current President and frankly this administration 