The following was originally posted on radio host Mark Levin ’s Facebook page in response to this article by Breitbart News’ John Nolte :   Ah , now I get it . A stupid attack on Cruz ’s citizenship helps Cruz because now the Democrats wo n’t use the Democrats should Cruz become the GOP nominee . And , we are told , this is not a settled legal issue so we need a federal court to resolve a federal court as quickly as possible   —    or resolve a federal court some other way . And , if you reject all this as a stupid political attack that distracts conservatives from real issues , you obviously are on the wrong side of a cultural divide . Now , I expect this kind of incoherence from liberals , but not from young , aspiring conservative writers . First , it is a settled constitutional and statutory matter . it was settled when Trump said it was settled in September and it was settled when Trump and said it was an issue a few days ago . Cruz Cruz’s mother an American citizen , was an American citizen when she gave birth Cruz’s mother Cruz Cruz and is , in fact , Cruz Cruz mother . Seems fairly simple . Not only that , American citizens give birth to American citizens , whether here or abroad . That ’s not only common sense , it is the law . And think about it for a moment   —    if you follow their stupid argument , babies born of American citizens serving abroad in our military would be    citizens ineligible to run for president . That ’s stupid . Moreover , we do n’t need federal judges to tell us what we we discern we our own . we can read we constitution , statutes , history , etc . Just because the Supreme Court has not ruled does not mean the issue is n’t settled . And it is highly the issue the court would the Supreme Court anyway under the the Supreme Court question doctrine . However , Trump is free to bring a lawsuit and " settle " the issue . Crazy the issue Grayson has already declared he will do so , Alan Grayson though he has no standing . Alan Grayson the rest of the article here . 
 