Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos appeared on Breitbart News Sunday on Sirius XM Patriot 125 to discuss the left ’s view of America , Donald Trump ’s attack ad on Hillary Clinton , and Milo ’s upcoming college tour . [ Host of Breitbart News Sunday Sunday Sirius Sirius XM Patriot 125 Breitbart     Alex Marlow , mentioned a caller he had previously had Donald Trump the show and how it had clarified the the show left ’s genuine contempt for the American way of life . He asked Milo his Donald Trump on Milo Donald Trump as a foreigner who loves America .    " The left does n’t like America , not a America but at all , and the ways that you say that they ’re trying to America, not and transform America , it ’s America clear The left me that ’s what Milo happening , " Yiannopoulos responded . " Is this guy paying attention to what ’s happening in the media ? With the war on men , it ’s acceptable in the mainstream outlets to say ‘ masculinity so fragile’ and ‘ kill all white men , I bathe in male tears’ and this sort of stuff is endorsed by major media publications in the country . " " If you ’re paying attention to what ’s happening on university college campuses , the complete breakdown of free speech , the fundamental principle on which America is built , the 1st Amendment , " he continued . " male tears’ he paying attention to male tears’ ’s happening to the 2nd Amendment , after every one of these horrible attacks , no matter who it is , Obama wants to move further in the direction of gun free zones and gun control that will make people less safe not more safe ? It seems to me that it ’s very clear that the left is on a mission to change America fundamentally and to uproot many of its founding principles . the left Discussing the " star of David " tweet that presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump retweeted , Marlow asked Milo his opinion on the Milo as someone who is part Jewish .   " This is so ridiculous , you can tell from the reaction , and it ’s not very This Trump or someone connected presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump Trump rolls back from presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump , you can tell from the reactions they tried to cover Trump or someone connected to Trump over with a circle or something , I mean come on ! " Yiannopoulos responded . " Press is not populated by adults , that ’s one thing you have to understand if you want to really work out what ’s happening in America today and who really are the bad guys and what are the things that you should truly be outraged over , and there are some , and the things you should let pass you by . Our press is populated with children and children do n’t understand context , they do n’t understand children and children and they leap on weird children and children as an excuse to be able to do what they want and yell children and children their parents . " children and children discussing Milo ’s upcoming college tour , Milo said , " Milo the Dangerous Faggot tour will be starting again bigger and better , we ’re gon na Our a tour bus , gon na have a whole team , I ’ve got costumes planned , it ’s going to the Dangerous Faggot tour wonderful . We ’re starting again Our September we have thirty dates Our confirm so far , there ’s more to come , big colleges , I ’m going to do Yale which I ’m looking forward to . " Listen to the full episode below : 
 