In a lengthy interview timed to her    return to the big screen as Bridget Jones , actress Renée Zellweger opened up about actress Renée Zellweger support for Hillary Clinton , actress Renée Zellweger disdain for Donald Trump and actress Renée Zellweger disappointment that women in Hollywood getting older is viewed as a " negative thing . " [ Speaking publicly about the controversy surrounding actress Renée Zellweger appearance , the     Bridget Jones ’s Baby actress told the Hollywood Reporter : " I ’ve never seen the maturation of a woman as a negative thing . I ’ve never seen a woman stepping into a woman more powerful self as a negative . "   " But this conversation perpetuates the problem , " a woman continued . " Why are we talking about how women look ? Why do we value beauty over contribution ? we do n’t seem to value beauty over contribution for men . It ’s simply not a conversation . "    Zellweger found Zellweger at the center of a debate about cosmetic surgery in Hollywood after Variety film critic Owen Gleiberman derided both the actress and the practice in a June 30    titled " Renee Zellweger : If Zellweger No Longer Looks Like Zellweger Has Zellweger Become a Different Actress ? " In it , Owen Gleiberman denounced the "   image culture " that promotes plastic surgery as a " ritual , " which Owen Gleiberman says drastically altered the way Zellweger ’s character in Bridget Jones ’s Zellweger looks from how Zellweger appeared in the original film , 2001 ’s Bridget Jones’s Diary .   While Zellweger remained largely silent during the ordeal , Scream star Rose McGowan defended her fellow Scream star Rose McGowan and accused Gleiberman of using Zellweger as a " punching bag " in his " mistaken attempt to make a mark at [ his ] his job . " In the interview with THR , Zellweger also spoke briefly about the 2016 presidential race , offering that Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton is one of the most " prepared " people to ever seek the presidency . " There ’s never been anyone better prepared in our lifetime , " Zellweger said . Zellweger Zellweger criticized Republican nominee Donald Trump . " The language that he uses perpetuates Republican nominee Donald Trump particular way of communicating that standardizes cruelty and    as a culture norm , " she Zellweger . Bridget Jone ’s Baby , starring Zellweger , Patrick Dempsey and Colin Firth , opens in theaters September 16 .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 