Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was " completely uneducated about any part of the world . "   NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell said   " And this was a week where NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell could have gone after president Obama , arguably . there ’s a lot happening and president Obama has some vulnerabilities . So does Hillary Clinton . Instead NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell ’s all over the lot . And then The New York Times do an interview with NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell , a    interview and it ’s in today ’s paper and online . And the transcript , if you read the the transcript , NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell would cancel defense treaties with Japan and South Korea against North Korea . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell does n’t mind , NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell would be okay if Japan and Japan and South Korea . South Korea for decades since World War II has been trying to keep nukes out of that arena . " " NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell would stop importing oil from Saudi Arabia if they do n’t pay more for their defense , " she continued they " We need oil . We are not energy independent . We rely on oil still   We our daily needs . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell is We all over the lot . On Iran NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell complained that Iran is n’t buying our planes Iran It had to be pointed out to NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell that Iran is still under sanctions and Iran not buy American planes . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell thinks North Korea and Iran are the biggest trading partners Iran North Korea ’s biggest trading partner is China . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell is completely uneducated about any part of the world . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 