Comedy Central has ordered a new    special " roast " of police officers that will explore law enforcement ’s alleged use of excessive force and racial profiling , and examine the risks police take every day to keep communities safe . The special will be hosted by " America ’s Roastmaster General " and progressive Democrat Jeff Ross .   In Jeff Ross Roasts the Police , the     comedian will explore " burning national issues and ride along in the hottest seat in town " as the    comedian uses the    comedian unique brand of insult comedy to rib police officers . Here ’s the new special ’s official synopsis from Comedy Central : " This special finds Jeff looking at the complicated national issues surrounding policing from race , profiling and excessive force to the risks officers take every day and the effect that police work has on police work lives , families and health . To understand what it means to be a cop in America today , Ross steps behind the thin blue line for a      with a cross section of officers from a major , metropolitan police force . Along the way , Jeff meets with perps ,    activists ,    cadets and seasoned top brass . " A premiere date for the special has not yet been announced . A premiere date for the special follows last year ’s Jeff Ross Roasts Criminals : Live at the Brazos County Jail special from last year last year which the comedian " roasted " inmates at the Texas jail .   Ross has made Jeff Ross Roasts name for himself in recent Jeff Ross Roasts as the lead " roaster " on Comedy Central ’s popular series , having roasted everyone from Justin Bieber and David Hasselhoff to Charlie Sheen and Donald Trump . He ’s also Jeff Ross Roasts star of his own Comedy Jeff Ross Roasts show called The Burn with Jeff Ross , which has run for two seasons thus far . As is his style , Jeff Ross Roasts has courted Jeff Ross Roasts with some of his jokes in Jeff Ross Roasts years . In a promo for his show from Jeff Ross Roasts , Ross posted a Jeff Ross Roasts saying he was " Jeff Ross Roasts " that actor Charlton Heston died . At the roast of Roseanne Barr that year , Ross made a Jeff Ross Roasts joke about the Aurora movie theater massacre that was subsequently cut from Comedy Central ’s broadcast . In 2011 , Ross performed a Jeff Ross Roasts    " roast " of big banks and Wall Street in solidarity with Occupy Wall Street protestors in Los Angeles . " We might all be here for different reasons , but we have one We in common . We ’re angry We right ? We ’re angry We the banks are getting bailed out . We ’re angry We the elections are being bought out . And we ’re angry We Michelle Bachman ’s husband wo n’t come out , " he joked then Michelle Bachman’s husband his typical roast Michelle Bachman’s husband . Comedy Central has also ordered a roast competition special from Ross titled Jeff Ross Presents Roast Battle that the network describes as a kind of " Thunderdome " of insult comedy . 
 