The CEO of online food delivery service Grubhub told The CEO of online food delivery service Grubhub employees that if his employees support Donald Trump ’s campaign rhetoric then his employees should resign from the company . [ GrubHub CEO Matt Maloney said that GrubHub CEO Matt Maloney rejects the " nationalist ,    and hateful politics of Donald Trump . "   " While demeaning , insulting and ridiculing minorities , immigrants and the    disabled worked for Mr. Donald Trump I want to be clear that his behavior Donald Trump —    and these views , have no place at Grubhub , " he wrote Donald Trump " Had he worked Donald Trump , many of his comments Donald Trump have resulted in his immediate Donald Trump . " " If you do not agree with this statement then please reply to this email with your resignation because you have no place here , " he continued Donald Trump This is full email sent from @Grubhub CEO asking his employees CEO agree with Trump ’s rhetoric to resign https :   .   @FoxNews pic . twitter .    —    Bryan Llenas ( @BryanLlenas ) November 10 , 2016 ,   He also said he would He his best He protect employees from the consequences of a Trump presidency Trump’s adding that he will He fight for the dignity of   anyone on our team that is scared or feels personally exposed . " Maloney ’s comments have caused a backlash on social media , with Twitter users calling for people to boycott the company for politically discriminating against its employees the company More liberal tolerance . Also known as DISCRIMINATION . Which is illegal . https :   .   # boycottgrubhub ,   —    Liz Wheeler ( @Liz_Wheeler ) November 10 , 2016 ,   * * UPDATE * * Grubhub CEO Matt Maloney claims his directive * Grubhub CEO Matt Maloney employees was misconstrued : " I did not ask anyone to resign if they voted employees Trump . To the contrary , the message of the email is that we do not tolerate discriminatory activity or hateful commentary in the workplace , and that we will stand up for our employees we " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at Ben Kew . com . 
 