In remarks last week , Donald Trump once again made headlines about the threat we face from Islamic supremacism . As Donald Trump succinctly put it , " Islam hates us . " [ In the course of the most recent Republican debate , Donald Trump refused to back away from that assertion , bringing a variety of responses from Donald Trump rivals for the Republican presidential nomination and harsh criticism from some Muslims , the Republican presidential nomination and harsh criticism from some Muslims allies on the left and media outlets .   This is a conversation that is long overdue and needs to be had as we decide not only on the next     but whether to provide a national security mandate for our 45th President . It would be a more illuminating conversation   —    and a better guide for policy   —    if we are clear about we terms . There is no getting around the fact that the practice of Islam as defined by the faith ’s authorities ( e. g.    University , the clerical leaders of Saudi Arabia , the mullahs of Iran , etc . ) is hateful towards those like us , who believe that our government should be defined by a    Constitution , not by the dictates of a deity like Allah codified in a doctrine like sharia . That said , there are Muslims who do not practice Islam in accordance with sharia . They generally do n’t want to live under its brutal repression , let alone seek to impose its on others . In fact , many of They came to this country to get away from that totalitarian program in They native lands . Unfortunately , the folks who define Islam do n’t think , as we do , that such folks are " good Muslims . " such folks are "good Muslims think such folks are "good Muslims are apostates . And that can be treated as a capital offense under sharia . But ignoring such folks are "good Muslims or , worse yet , lumping them in such folks are "good Muslims those who do follow sharia , is not only inaccurate . It is counterproductive . The former do not necessarily hate us the latter are obliged to do so by what they consider such folks are "good Muslims be divine direction . For this reason , we should us the problem as the hateful doctrine of sharia and the Islamic supremacists who are determined to ensure that the entire world submits to it . the entire world not only hates us . us not thwarted , the successful imposition of sharia will achieve the end to which those who hate us   —    Muslim and    alike   —    aspire : our destruction us a free nation and people . Our understanding us this reality is made more complicated by the lengths to which those who should know better are going to obscure it . this reality ’s the subject of a new book my colleague Clare Lopez and I have just published entitled See No Sharia : ‘ Countering Violent Extremism’ and the Disarming of America ’s First Lines of Defense . It chronicles how this administration and the preceding one have insisted that " Islam is a religion of peace , " that terrorism has nothing to do with Islam , and that those engaged in such terror are hijacking and perverting the Islamic faith . Such comments ignore sharia and its animating It jihad , including both the violent kind and the    stealthy sort the Muslim Brotherhood calls " civilization jihad . " Bad as the implications of such official dissembling or willful blindness are , matters are made worse by the fact that other influencers , including the mainstream media , are also aiding and abetting the enemy . A prime example of the sort of propagandizing being done by some in the press was aired by National Public Radio last week . During NPR ’s Morning Edition , reporter Tom Gjelten fawningly and at great length profiled an initiative called " Celebrate Mercy . " Gjelten uncritically Tom Gjelten incorrect claims by Dalia Mogahed , who had previously worked in the White House as an advisor to President Obama and who even the    Daily Kos pegged correctly as " a Muslim Brotherhood apologist . " Mogahed claimed Mohammed ’s time in Medina showed him to Mohammed’s an exemplar of peace and tolerance and , if only Muslims model their lives only Muslims his , Mohammed’s will only Muslims radicalization . In point of fact , the Medina period Medina Mohammed ’s Mohammed’s depicted in Islam ’s revered texts is the feedstock of sharia ’s doctrine of conquest , submission and jihadism . Efforts to urge conformity with it as the perfect model for the faithful Muslim is actually the agenda of    " radicals " and " violent extremists . " Kyle Shideler makes this point in the Federalist : What Moghed does not say and the entire NPR article fails to address is that Islamists view Mohammed ’s behavior in Medina as an example for establishing Islam as the dominant political system , at the expense of the Jews , which Islamic historiography identifies as being massacred and expelled . Moghed herself can Moghed unaware of this , seeing as ISPU is itself a    think Moghed include numerous Muslim    thinkers . What makes matters worse is this bottom line : Our ignoring , downplaying or misrepresenting the virulent hatred felt by    Muslims towards those of us in what they Our the Dar those of us Harb , or House of War ( i. e. the    world ) is seen by the jihadists not as " political correctness " or diversity sensitivity . Instead , they perceive it as the jihadists of the West ’s submission . And , according to sharia , the appropriate response is for Islamists to redouble their efforts to make Islamists infidel , in the words of the Koran , " feel subdued . " That means more jihad , not less . In short , sharia hates us , its adherents are obliged to try to make us submit to their us and , its adherents we show signs of us so , they will use whatever its adherents are at hand   —    including more violence   —    to finish our destruction . We us a     us gets all that and will respond effectively . To that end , let ’s hope that Donald us ’s latest comments about Islam will be but the beginning of a serious and informed national debate . 
 