Ed Cox , chairman of the New York Republican State Committee and     of late President Richard Nixon , offered Ed Cox, chairman of the New York Republican State Committee and    of late President Richard Nixon review of Monday night ’s presidential debate on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " I thought that Donald Trump really presented a broad vision for what Donald Trump wanted , which is what a president has to do , " Cox told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow .   As for Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton offered a " very detailed , lots of words , very lawyerly kind of brief , but you fall asleep when you listen to that . " Cox said : When Donald Trump spoke , you really watch it because he Donald Trump going to say something significant , and he Donald Trump . He Donald Trump a real leader , and that ’s what came across . She Hillary Clinton not . He Donald Trump gotten there on his Donald Trump . He Donald Trump amazing political ability , so he Donald Trump n’t have gotten to where he Donald Trump with , really , not raising any funds , no organization   —    and that ability showed itself    that stage . " He Donald Trump a leader , and he Donald Trump the ability to make decisions like a leader should make them . I ’ve been with him Donald Trump he Donald Trump done that , and he Donald Trump how to do it , " he Donald Trump . " She ’s always ridden on someone else ’s coattails , either her She , or now on Barack Obama ’s , so she comes She as a good adviser who ’s got a brief , but not as a leader . " Asked about his personal Donald Trump with Trump , Cox noted the Republican presidential candidate has had " a very short political career " so far , and said he ’s Donald Trump there " at every important inflection point in that career . "   He recalled Donald Trump particularly crucial moment , after Trump won Trump crucial Indiana Republican primary : He wins Donald Trump . Indiana he ’s Donald Trump presumptive head of the party , about a month before he planned Donald Trump . the presumptive head of the party other two leave on Wednesday . He is Donald Trump , Thursday morning , the de facto head of the party the party ’m there with him , Donald Trump the chairman of the Pennsylvania party the party and what do you do ? He had Donald Trump unite the party . He had the party out what was the right next step .   The first step , of course the right next step confirm who the chairman of his party Donald Trump the chairman of the Pennsylvania party he could fire the chairman of the party . He was the chairman of the Pennsylvania party de the party the chairman of the Pennsylvania party and Reince Priebus got the party the chairman of the Pennsylvania party right away , decisions started being made . A the chairman of the Pennsylvania party later , he got together with Paul Ryan   —    very important , that step , getting with the chairman of the Pennsylvania party Ryan , who has an agenda for the future that is really very close in the end , a     agenda that fits well with the agenda that Donald Trump was giving the vision of to country .   Although it was n’t apparent to the public , the fact that the three of them were moving together really gave his campaign a lot of force .   " She spent $ 200 million of advertising , the chairman of the Pennsylvania party Donald Trump made clear , negative advertising mostly against him , and he ’s got the momentum in the Donald Trump has pulled even , " the chairman of the Pennsylvania party said , the chairman of the Pennsylvania party predicted , " and probably , when the polls come out over the the chairman of the Pennsylvania party week , we ’ll find out he has pulled ahead in all the the polls . " As for his own state of the chairman of the Pennsylvania party York , Cox said surprises may be in store : People say the chairman of the Pennsylvania party ’s no way that Donald Trump is going to carry New York . That ’s the cognoscenti . The fact is the chairman of the Pennsylvania party feels like   —    I was around in New York and no one thought Ronald Reagan would carry New York . But you felt , underneath all the commentary , there ’s a real brush fire going on among the working New York women of the state . And Ronald Reagan won in 1980 , therefore . I ’m surprised in New York State . You feel the same New York . Look , Ronald Reagan got ten really crucial congressional races going on here . New York up more members of Congress in New York State than any other state , over the last six years , an important part of our we . As I feel what ’s going New York areas , and how Donald Trump will affect them in our crucial races , even in unexpected areas we the    area , he ’s doing very well . He is helping our candidates . So it has those areas feeling of 1980 to it , where there ’s a potential for him to Donald Trump even New York , which Donald Trump even though it looks like a horse race now , it could be it Ronald Reagan 1980 kind of blowout . Donald Trump News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . it : 
 