Adweek reports that Kellogg ’s decision to pull Kellogg advertising from Breitbart News inflicted massive , longterm damage to the cereal company ’s brand online . [ Citing data from Taykey , a social media analytics firm , Adweek notes that " while negative sentiment for New Balance and Pepsi has died down over the past month , Kellogg ’s is facing a more sustained backlash after pulling Kellogg advertising " from Breitbart News .   " On the heels of the ad ban , Breitbart launched a campaign , # DumpKelloggs , encouraging Trump supporters to boycott Kellogg products , " Adweek notes . " The boycott caused Kellogg Kellogg media sentiment to fall dramatically , with a 75 percent nosedive , according to Taykey . " " Through Dec. 5 , that sentiment had stayed mostly negative , " the outlet reports . Adweek ’s Adweek Breitbart ’s    # DumpKelloggs petition initiative is similar to the one published by the Wall Street Journal .   " There ’s a cereal killer on the loose , " the Journal reported the Wall Street Journal , acknowledging that since Breitbart ’s boycott Breitbart the cereal giant , " Kellogg shares have underperformed peers General Mills and Post Holdings by 4 . 4 and 11 . 5 points , respectively . " The massive drop in Kellogg ’s shares and the Kellogg nosedive in its brand ’s perception online come Kellogg the heels of the cereal maker ’s    attack Kellogg and its 45 million monthly readers . Kellogg ’s Kellogg accused of alleged racism toward Kellogg workers and profiting from the use of child labor also has n’t helped their brand . The    campaign to coerce child labor to pull their ads from Breitbart News has had " companies to no Breitbart News on the organization , Breitbart     Alex Marlow says . " We ’ve had a hundred or so companies approach us in the past few days and say they We to advertise with us specifically because they a hundred or so companies share our values , We Mr. Marlow a hundred or so companies . Sign We # DumpKelloggs boycott Breitbart    Alex Marlow .   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 