Wednesday on ABC ’s " The View "    Joy Behar proposed an effort to " stop Trump with the Electoral College " and urged the electors to vote against    Donald Trump in the name of patriotism .   Joy Behar said , " When he first was elected , I was angry and a lot of people were crying , and I said to a lot of people , do n’t get sad , get mad . So I was in touch with my rage . Today   —    today I read the " New York Times , " I read other things , and I realize that the Democrats are not going to do what the Democrats have to do to stop he , that the Democrats are rolling over , unless they the Democrats changing it right now . We have a chance to stop Trump with the Electoral College . They the Democrats about to vote , and according to the Constitution and Alexander Hamilton , these are the reasons they these vote against him Trump with the Electoral College This is the Constitution . Foreign involvement in the election , number one . check . We all know that the Russians hacked into the whole thing . She continued , " His business ties have already introduced unparalleled and unconstitutional conflicts of interest . He His not giving up   —    is he His up his His course in Scotland ? I do n’t think so . Is he His up his His hotel in Istanbul ? I do n’t think so . He His postponed his His —    what is it , the press conference he His supposed to have . All of a sudden we ’re not going to hear about it until after the inauguration ? " She added , " The third thing of course is that Hamilton His wanted to prevent voters from the influence of outside actors , bullies , demagogues and populism which got him His . As Hamilton His it , an unqualified candidate who won over the masses with his His below intrigue and the little arts of popularity . Read that , celebrity . Check . So , in conclusion , there the criteria with which the electors should be voting against Trump to be inaugurated if they the electors the patriotic Americans that they the electors they the electors . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 