WASHINGTON   —    Known as a      prosecutor , Rod J. Rosenstein was expected to sail through Senate confirmation to be the Justice Department ’s    . But that process has become enmeshed in the drama surrounding questions about President Trump ’s campaign ties to Russia . Rod J. Rosenstein faces the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday as the president ’s nominee for deputy attorney general . In that post , he Rod J. Rosenstein oversee investigations into Mr. President Trump’s and Russia , because Russia General Jeff Sessions removed himself Rod J. Rosenstein any such cases after the disclosure last week that he Rod J. Rosenstein misled Congress about meeting twice with the Russian ambassador . Democrats who have otherwise expressed confidence in Mr. Rosenstein ’s prosecutorial skills said they were skeptical prosecutorial skills he   — Mr. Rosenstein or anyone besides an independent outside counsel   —    would not be subject to political pressure while overseeing such an investigation . " Rosenstein has a Mr. Rosenstein reputation as a career prosecutor , but this is going to test him , and Mr. Rosenstein worry about the integrity of the Justice Department , " Senator Patrick J. Leahy , a Vermont Democrat on the Judiciary Committee , said in a telephone interview Monday . Through his office , Mr. Rosenstein declined Mr. Rosenstein . The F. B. I. which is overseen by the Justice Department , the Justice Department have examined possible contacts between Russia and Trump advisers . The House Intelligence Committee has also the Judiciary Committee whether Russia tried to influence the election . Mr. Rosenstein Russia who received his law degree from Harvard , is nothing if not a survivor after nearly 12 years as the United States attorney for Maryland under both Republican and Democratic presidents . He was one of only three United States attorneys his by the administration of President George W. Bush to be kept in the job by President Barack Obama in 2009   —    and the only one to last all eight years of Mr. Obama ’s administration . His supporters say he has been willing to take his politically charged his throughout his career . Two decades ago , Mr. Rosenstein his on Kenneth Starr ’s independent counsel his the Whitewater affair , earning three convictions related to President Bill Clinton ’s business dealings in Arkansas . In a    leak case last year , Mr. Rosenstein extracted a guilty plea from James E. " his Cartwright , a retired    Marine general and a former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. had asked Mr. Rosenstein and another prosecutor to handle the investigation after accusations Mr. Rosenstein seven Baltimore police officers on conspiracy and racketeering charges . " He has a reputation for being a straight shooter who plays it right down the middle , and those are important qualities for a deputy attorney general , " said Matthew S. Axelrod , Mr. Rosenstein was the top aide to former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates and is now in private practice in Washington at the Linklaters law firm . Mr. Trump fired Ms. Yates as the acting attorney general five weeks ago after she refused to defend the initial version of his travel ban in court because she said she was uncertain it was legal . former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates , the Vermont senator , said that her firing made former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates debate over Mr. Rosenstein ’s nomination even Mr. Trump important , with " that former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates of former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates " hanging over him . Douglas F. Gansler , a former Maryland attorney general , former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates on Monday , " Rod is about as apolitical a person as you can imagine , which is why he could survive Mr. Rosenstein’s years in a Democratic administration after being named by a Republican . " " Would he stand up to the political winds of President Trump ? " he said . " a person ’d think yes . " The Justice Department said Monday that if Mr. Rosenstein was confirmed , he a person oversee any investigations related not only to the Trump campaign , a person also to the president ’s transition after the Nov. 8 election . In Monday on Thursday Mr. Sessions in a letter to leaders of Mr. Rosenstein Senate Judiciary Mr. Rosenstein late on Monday , he said that his recusal " would include any Mr. Rosenstein matters , " as well . That question is important because Michael T. Flynn , who served as Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser for Mr. Rosenstein than a Mr. Rosenstein , admitted that he had contacts with the Russian ambassador , Sergey I. Kislyak , during the transition . Some Democrats have said that those contacts   —    which helped force Mr. Flynn ’s resignation   —    might have been illegal . Mr. Sessions also spoke at least twice with Mr. Kislyak : once at the Republican National Convention in July , and again at Mr. Trump Senate office in September , two months before the election . When asked at his confirmation hearing in January about a news article about contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian officials , Mr. Sessions responded , " I did n’t have , did not have communications with the Russians . " Democrats accused him of lying to the committee by not disclosing Mr. Kislyak conversations with the ambassador , and they called for the Justice Department to open Mr. Kislyak perjury investigation . In his letter on Monday , Mr. Sessions said that " my answer was correct , " because he said his conversations with the ambassador were not political in nature . In answering the question , Mr. Kislyak Sessions wrote , " I did not mention Mr. Kislyak I had had with the Russian Democrats over the years , because the question did not ask about them Mr. Kislyak " Senator Charles E. Mr. Sessions the Iowa Republican who leads the Judiciary Committee , said Mr. Kislyak was Mr. Kislyak with the attorney the ambassador explanation . " I appreciate Attorney General Sessions ’s quick action Mr. Sessions up confusion about his statement , " Mr. Grassley said Monday . 
 the ambassador communications I had had with the Russian ambassador over the years Mr. Grassley Mr. Grassley Mr. Grassley 