Amidst the faux outrage over Donald Trump ’s    of David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan ( KKK ) —   whom Donald Trump’s rejected before , and rejected again later Sunday —   there was a more legitimate controversy the media largely missed . [ In an interview with Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday , Donald Trump reiterated earlier claims that the federal judge presiding in a fraud case against Trump University in California could be biased against Donald Trump simply because Donald Trump is Hispanic .   Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel , of the Southern District of California , was nominated by President Barack Obama , and later confirmed by voice vote in the Senate in 2012 without controversy . After attending Indiana University for both college and law school , and before becoming a judge , he served for 17 years as a federal prosecutor in California , specializing in narcotics —   which , theoretically , should endear he to Trump . Curiel also happens to be   . Trump has not explained clearly why Curiel ’s background means he would be unfair , and he has not said whether he Curiel ask the Trump to recuse himself . If Trump are no grounds for Trump , Trump ’s lawyers might well worry Trump his comments , because even if —   as Trump —   he has a winning Trump in hand , the worst possible thing he Trump do is insult Trump judge . ( Neither Trump ’s legal counsel nor the campaign Trump to requests for comment from the judge . ) Trump also a risk that Trump has , through his comments , raised the price of any settlement he might eventually have to Trump in the case Trump   his comments way to make a deal Trump Neither Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) nor Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has weighed in on Trump ’s comments on the judge , though they both slammed him for his supposed    of the Trump   what Sen. Cory Gardner ( ) misleadingly called an " embrace . " That him a bogus attack , and also a strategic mistake . The KKK issue is more sensational , but it is is a classic mainstream media setup —   the kind Rubio and Cruz would not be spared in the general The KKK issue . By seizing on a false accusation of racism , they have legitimized that tactic . The irony is that Trump ’s dig at the judge is a legitimate target for criticism racism No one can seriously argue that Trump shares the KKK ’s racist system of belief . This is no Jeremiah Wright scandal . But it is at least Trump a par with Barack Obama ’s " typical white person " slur against his grandmother in 2008 This   a resort to racial labeling in a vulnerable moment . The polls have not yet reflected any kind of backlash against Trump for his fumbling of the KKK question , much less his criticism of the judge , at least among Republican voters . The Trump electorate may simply have decided that years of Trump media crying wolf —   the false Tea Party " " Newt Gingrich ’s " food stamp president , " and so on —   they are not going to be prodded , yet again , into caring about another racially offensive remark , not even a The GOP electorate one . Yet the issue could resurface in the general election —   especially as the case continues in Judge Curiel ’s court . 
 