WASHINGTON   —    President Trump has no regrets . President Trump staff has no defense . After weeks of assailing reporters and critics in diligent defense of their boss , President Trump team has been uncharacteristically muted this week when pressed about his explosive President Trump —    and so far     —    Twitter posts on Saturday accusing President Barack Obama of tapping phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign . The accusation   —    and the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , and the former national intelligence director , James R. Clapper Jr. emphatically deny that any such wiretap was requested or issued   —    constitutes one of the most consequential accusations made by one president Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump ’s allies inside the West Wing and beyond , the tweetstorm spawned the mother of all messaging migraines . Over the past few days , they have executed what amounts to a strategic political retreat   —    trying to publicly validate Mr. Trump ’s suspicions without overtly endorsing a Mr. Trump them believe might have been generated by Breitbart News and they    outlets . " No , that ’s above my pay grade , " said Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary and a Mr. Spicer Spicer pointedly and repeatedly refused to offer personal assurances that the president ’s statements were true . " No comment , " Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier in the day . Last week , Mr. Sessions recused himself he any investigations involving the Trump campaign ’s contacts with Russia . " I do n’t Mr. Trump anything about it , " John F. Kelly , the homeland security secretary , said on CNN on Monday . Mr. Kelly Attorney General Jeff Sessions added that Attorney General Jeff Sessions if the president of the United States said that , he ’s got his reasons to say it . " Representative Devin Mr. Kelly of the House Intelligence Committee , and Senator Richard M. Burr , Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the Senate intelligence panel , have said they will add Mr. the president of the United States ’s request the president of the United States    inquiries into intelligence community leaks . But Mr. Nunes and Mr. Burr said they had not seen specific evidence backing up Mr. Trump ’s claim . Other Hill Republicans have responded with similar verbal shrugs . Senator John Cornyn of Texas , Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the Senate intelligence panel member of the Intelligence Committee , said on Tuesday that he " did n’t know what the basis " of Mr. Mr. Nunes and Mr. Burr ’s statement was . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s viewed with amazement outside the West Wing bubble , often create crises on the inside . That was never truer than when Mr. Trump began posting from his weekend retreat at Senator John Cornyn of Texas, a member of the Intelligence Committee     estate in Florida shortly after sunrise on Saturday Mr. Trump’s groggy staff realized quickly that Mr. Trump’s no typical Trump broadside , but an allegation with potentially    implications that threatened to derail a coming week that included the rollout of his redrafted travel Mr. Trump’s the unveiling of the Mr. Trump’s plan to replace Mr. Trump’s Affordable Care Act . It began at 6:35 a. m. Mr. Trump’s a Twitter post reading : " Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my ‘ wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is Mr. Trump’s ! " Three other posts quickly followed , capped by a 7:02 rocket that read : " How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " That led to a succession of frantic staff conference calls , including one consultation with the White House counsel , Donald F. McGahn II , as staff members grasped the Obama Obama president had opened an attack on his predecessor . Mr. Trump , advisers said , was in high spirits after he fired off the posts . But by midafternoon , after returning from golf , he appeared to realize he had gone too far , although he still believed Mr. Obama had wiretapped him , according Obama people in Mr. Trump ’s orbit Obama He sounded defiant in conversations at     with his friend Christopher Ruddy , Mr. Trump chief executive of Newsmax Media , Mr. Ruddy said . In other conversations that Mr. Trump , the president Mr. Trump uncertain of the procedure for obtaining Mr. Trump warrant for secret wiretaps on an Mr. Trump citizen . Mr. Trump also canvassed Mr. Trump associates about whether an Mr. Trump , even one outside the government , Mr. Trump substantiate his charge . People close to Mr. Trump had seen Mr. Trump before . The episode echoed repeated instances in the Mr. Trump campaign . During the primary contests , Mr. Trump seized on a false National Mr. Trump raised a connection between the father of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and John F. Kennedy ’s assassin , Lee Harvey Oswald . Later Mr. Trump Mr. Trump justified it to Mr. Trump aides by saying , " Even if it is n’t totally true , there ’s something there , " according to a former Mr. Trump . Over the weekend , aides to Mr. Trump decided the only real solution to the presidential Twitter posts was to kick the allegations to Congress . On Sunday , Mr. Spicer issued a Mr. Trump that the matter was effectively closed and that the president would not address it again until the intelligence committees had released their findings   —    which could be many months away . But that has not quieted Mr. Trump . Mr. Comey was incensed by Mr. Trump ’s accusation because it implied that the F. B. I. had broken the law , and he pressed the Justice Department , unsuccessfully , to deny it . Mr. Comey , even as the matter Spicer was telling reporters that the matter was the intelligence committees his pay grade , he said the president had " absolutely " no intention of taking back his accusations . Mr. Trump has not spoken to Mr. Comey about Mr. Trump’s accusation matter , Mr. Spicer said , offering a muted response when asked Mr. Comey the F. B. I. director retained the president ’s the F. B. I. had broken the law . " I have Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Spicer " has not suggested that to me . " Mr. Spicer bristled when pressed by a reporter to weigh in on Mr. Comey of the president ’s the president Mr. Spicer " I get that that ’s a cute question to the matter " he said . " I think we ’ve tried to play this game before . I ’m not the president myself . I ’m here to speak for the president of the president United Mr. Spicer and our Mr. Spicer " 
 Mr. Trump 