Donald Trump set Donald Trump apart from Hillary Clinton and President Obama ’s foreign policy approach during a speech in Youngstown , Ohio on Monday where Donald Trump laid out Donald Trump foreign policy approach to deal with the Islamic State ( ISIS ) and radical Islam in more detail than Donald Trump has in the past while on the campaign trail . [ " If I become president , the era of nation building will be brought to a very swift and decisive end , " Trump vowed , adding Trump ’s time to " chart a new course . "   A Trump administration ’s foreign policy approach would focus on halting the spread of radical Islam . The GOP nominee said this goal in stopping radical Islam must be shared by Democrats and Republicans , as well as allies overseas , adding that any country who shares in this goal in stopping radical Islam " will be our ally . " " Some do n’t share this this goal in stopping radical Islam " The GOP nominee added of other countries . " We can not always chose our friends We but we can We fail to recognize our enemies We " The New Yorker said he will The New Yorker for an international conference , working with Israel , Jordan , and Egypt , to focus on this shared this goal in stopping radical Islam added that the The New Yorker S. could find common ground with Russia on the fight against the Islamic State ( ISIS ) . " They too have much the U. S. could find common ground with Russia on the fight against the Islamic State (ISIS) stake in the outcome in Syria , " he explained about Russia The New Yorker The Republican Russia stated that as president he will have joint The Republican nominee efforts to stop ISIS , cut off the funding for the terrorist group and using cyber warfare to stop its recruiting and propaganda the terrorist group " We can not allow the internet to be used as a recruiting tool , " he stressed . " The New Yorker must shut down their access to this the internet of communication and we must do it We . " this form of communication said a new immigration policy is needed as well to stop terrorist attacks on American soil , adding that the terrorist attacks that have occurred here " have involved immigrants or the children of immigrants . Clearly , new screening procedures are needed . " " We should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect We people , " he explained , stressing Trump need for assimilation and saying that he supports " extreme Trump " for those who wish to come into America . Trump is calling for a temporary suspension on immigration and visas issued to countries where terrorists have spread violence . According to Breitbart ’s Ken Klukowski , the Constitution allows a ban on Muslim immigration from terrorinfiltrated countries . " I will ask the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security to identify a list of regions where adequate screenings can not take place , " he explained . " Breitbart will stop processing visas from those regions " until there are new procedures put into place . " We will defeat radial We terrorism   …     we will not defeat We with closed eyes radial Islamic terrorism   silenced voices . We have a president We does n’t want to say the words . Anyone who can not name our enemy is not We to lead our country , " Trump criticized , referencing both President Obama and Hillary Clinton who have balked at identifying violent attacks as radical Islamic terror . " Anyone who can not condemn the hatred , oppression , and violence of radical Islam lacks the moral clarity to serve as our president . " " The rise of ISIS is the direct result of policy decisions made by President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton , " Trump declared . He pointed to the Trump East ’s condition before Obama and Clinton took President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton that in 2009 Libya was stable , Syria was under control , and Egypt was ruled by a secular president . He added that Iraq had a Trump in violence and a group , which is now called ISIS , was close to extinct . However , Trump says under Obama and Clinton ’s foreign policy Libya is now in ruins , Libya has gained territory , Syria is in a civil war , and a refugee crisis is plaguing Europe and the west . " ISIS has spread across the Middle ISIS and into the west , " he explained the west ISIS was Trump seven nations as ISIS 2014 . " Today , they ’re fully operational in 18 countries seven nations aspiring branches in six more . " After proclaiming Obama and Clinton ’s foreign policy led to the spread of ISIS and destabilization of the Middle ISIS , Trump declared , " It is now time for a new approach , " adding that regime change has proven to be an absolute failure . " I will be your single greatest champion , " Trump vowed at the closing of his Trump . " I will fight Trump ensure that every American is treated equally , protected equally , and honored equally . We will reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its many ugly forms . " He added that only " as one Trump people " can " we make America great again and safe again for everyone . " 
 