Former PacketSled CEO Matt Harrigan is blaming being drunk for posting a death threat against    Donald Trump on Election Day last week . [ Harriman has apologized for the post , and has temporarily moved Harriman family . Harriman has also faced an interview with the United States Secret Service .   Former PacketSled CEO Matt Harrigan told San Diego ABC News affiliate 10 News on Tuesday that Harriman feels " stupid " over comments Harriman now says were posted while Harriman was drunk on Election Night . comments he now says were posted while he was drunk on Election Night led the United States Secret Service to interview Harriman for two hours at Harriman Del Mar , California home . The night of the November 8 , 2016 presidential election , Harrigan posted several threatening messages to his personal Facebook page : Harrigan I ’m going to kill the president . Elect . " and " Bring it secret service . " Those were followed by messages that went into greater detail , as shown on Reddit . " Nope , getting a sniper rifle and perching myself where it counts . Find a a sniper rifle in the whitehouse that suits you mother*******. I ’ll find you , " another post read . And yet another , " In no uncertain terms , f * * * you America . Seriously . F * * * off . " Harrigan told local 10 News that a Facebook friend shared the comment from Facebook to Twitter and it went viral . In Twitter interview with 10 News , Harrigan said of seeing the Harrigan go viral two days later , " I was blown away and that was the moment I knew that that wow , I , ya know , something that I said completely off the cuff that I obviously have no intention of participating in , um , while drinking on Election Night , has now made it out to somewhere that it never belonged . " it U. S. Secret Service took the death threats seriously enough to conduct the interview this week . They did not comment at the death threats time on whether there would be charges , according to the local news outlet . While Harrigan called his death threat a " Harrigan joke , " he told 10 News that Harrigan have been death threats against his family , and he Harrigan taking those seriously Harrigan He said he has moved Harrigan family Harrigan of their his family now . The his family he said he learned was Harrigan you Harrigan n’t make a joke about such a topic " no matter how slight . " 10 News reporter Allison Ash challenged Harrigan as a "   guy , " asking if he really believed the comments Harrigan to the Internet would stay within his Facebook friend group . Harrigan ’s response ? " Well Harrigan things frequently do . " Harrigan told the local reporter that Harrigan felt " terrible " and Harrigan stupid " for posting the comments . He tried to explain in the Harrigan with Ash that his first couple of comments got Harrigan in response and " you ’re just sorta sitting there not really thinking about    …      the thing that you ’re saying    …      admittedly I had had quite a bit to drink . " In light of Harrigan ’s comments , PacketSled issued the following statement : PacketSled takes recent comments made by PacketSled CEO , seriously . Once we were made aware of these our , we immediately reported this information to our secret service and will cooperate fully with any inquiries . These comments do not reflect the these comments opinions of PacketSled , its employees , investors PacketSled partners PacketSled Our CEO has been placed on our leave . Harrigan submitted his resignation to PacketSled on Tuesday and Harrigan company PacketSled it . " I Harrigan , " Harrigan said in the interview during , which Harrigan said he would take it back if Harrigan could Harrigan " He Harrigan gon na Harrigan our president now Harrigan I hope he can do a great job for us Harrigan …      Anybody who took offense our what I said , I ’m deeply apologetic . " 10 News reported that Harrigan has " pulled the plug on all his social media accounts . " Harrigan ’s Harrigan appeared to still be active Harrigan of Wednesday night , with the title of " President   CEO , PacketSled , " but no post had been made since three apologetic tweets made on November 13 , hours before PacketSled ’s statement on the matter was posted to the company ’s Twitter account . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Twitter 