A Michigan mother is furious that    Chairwoman Donna Brazile sent Hillary Clinton advance notice of Chairwoman Donna Brazile question at a Democratic presidential debate in Flint , Michigan this March . [ According to the latest Wikileaks release of John Podesta ’s emails , Chairwoman Donna Brazile tipped off Hillary Clinton to an incoming question from an audience member at the debate hosted by CNN   —    where Chairwoman Donna Brazile was then a paid contributor .   " One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash , " Chairwoman Donna Brazile wrote in the email ’s subject line . " Chairwoman Donna Brazile family has lead poison and Chairwoman Donna Brazile will ask what , if anything , will Chairwoman Donna Brazile do as president to help the ppl of Flint . " LeeAnne Walters , the woman who asked that question , said on Chairwoman Donna Brazile Facebook page Monday that Chairwoman Donna Brazile found the revelation " appalling . " " This is disgusting and appalling ! ! ! This should be an automatic disqualification ! " Walters said . " You think Walters would have answered it better at the very least ! " In March , Walters asked Clinton and Clinton primary rival Bernie Sanders if Clinton and her primary rival Bernie Sanders would " make a personal promise " to " remove all lead service lines throughout the entire United States " from public water systems in Clinton and her primary rival Bernie Sanders first 100 days as President . Moderator Anderson Cooper ’s introduction mentioned Walters’ family ’s troubles with lead poisoning .   After the debate , Walters told the Huffington Post that Walters found Clinton ’s answer nauseating : " I hated Hillary Clinton ’s answer , " Walters , 38 , told the Huffington Post on Monday . " It actually made me vomit in my mouth . " Walters , an early whistleblower in the Flint water crisis , had asked whether as president , Clinton and Clinton Vermont senator would promise to require public water systems in the United States to remove lead pipes . Clinton and Clinton Bernie Sanders did not give direct answers . Instead , Clinton proposed Clinton rid of all lead sources , including paint and dust , within five years . " We will Clinton and rival Bernie Sanders to a priority to change the water systems and we will Clinton and rival Bernie Sanders within five years to remove lead from everywhere , " Clinton said Clinton To Walters , five years is an unacceptable timeline . " To tell a Flint resident that we ’ll handle this in five years is no different than what the city was telling us and we the state was telling us , we Walters said Walters Even with advance knowledge of Walters’ presence and her focus Walters’ lead poisoning , Clinton whiffed and failed to connect with the mother turned activist . Walters’ Facebook complaint   —    particularly the concept of " automatic disqualification   —    echoes a statement from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at a rally in Grand Rapids , Michigan on Monday afternoon . After calling for the DNC to fire Brazile , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump former Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump basketball coach Bobby Knight , " Could you imagine if I did that ? Bobby , what would former college basketball coach Bobby Knight to me if I did former college basketball coach Bobby Knight ? Electric chair , I think . The electric chair . Electric chair severed its relationship with Brazile on Monday CNN Brazile in a statement : " We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions We the Brazile campaign while she was a CNN Brazile . " This was the second time that a Wikileaks email purported to show her leaking debate questions Brazile Clinton ’s campaign . CNN insists Clinton it did not CNN questions with CNN and suggested that NewsOne ’s Roland Martin was responsible   —    which seems to be corroborated by a new email where Brazile mentions Martin by name . Brazile became Interim Chair of the Brazile National Committee after Debbie Wasserman Schultz stepped down in July , the week of the party ’s national convention . Neither woman gaveled the convention , as both were national convention a trove of leaked DNC emails   —    also from Wikileaks   —    to have put their thumb on the scale for Clinton over Sanders during the presidential primary . Walters , a mother of two , helped expose the cause of the Flint water crisis and spoke for Flint residents on Capitol Hill in February Flint She is the subject of an iconic Clinton from the Detroit Free Press illustrating the poor quality of her community ’s tap water : Meet Clinton Walters , the     mom who helped expose Flint ’s toxic water nightmare https : Flint   pic . twitter .    —    Ian Gordon ( @id_gordon ) January 21 , 2016 ,   The Smithsonian announced Monday that she will receive an American Ingenuity Award Clinton December . 
 