The Republican National Committee ( RNC ) officially voted on Monday afternoon to sever The Republican National Committee (RNC) business relationship with NBC News for the    Feb. 26 , 2016 , GOP presidential primary debate , Breitbart News has learned . [ The Debate Committee for The Republican National Committee (RNC) met via conference call and after hearing updates from RNC The Republican National Committee (RNC) Reince Priebus officially voted to cancel the partnership with NBC , according to sources on the conference call The vote was unanimous .   After the October debate hosted by NBC partner NBC —   in which    John Harwood was roundly criticized for a poor performance —   the The Republican National Committee (RNC) The Republican National Committee (RNC) relationship The Republican National Committee (RNC) NBC News over that upcoming Houston debate . " I write to inform you that pending further discussion between the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) and our presidential campaigns , we are suspending our partnership with NBC News for NBC News primary debate at the University of Houston on February 26 Houston 2016 , " Priebus wrote to NBC News chairman Andy NBC News in late October . " The RNC ’s sole role in the primary debate process is to ensure that our candidates are given a full and fair opportunity to lay out their vision for America ’s our candidates . We simply can not continue with NBC without full consultation with our campaigns . " In We , NBC News signaled in a statement at the time that it thought the situation could NBC News resolved . " This is a disappointing development , " NBC News said in a NBC News " However , along with our debate broadcast partners at Telemundo we will work in good faith our resolve this matter with the Republican Party . " This process also sparked an unprecedented meeting of top officials with almost every GOP presidential campaign , in which campaign managers represented most of the 2016 GOP candidates to fight for better GOP in the debate process . Donald Trump ’s team and Dr. Ben Carson ’s team , as well most of the rest of the campaigns , huddled together to wrest control away from the mainstream media —   which has been , until now , dominating the process . Clearly , however the debate process NBC ’s previous hopes that the RNC would reinstate the network as a moderator of the upcoming debate , the RNC has officially moved forward with the RNC to end the network ’s plans for the Houston debate the network moderated Sunday evening ’s Democratic debate between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , and former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley . The move by the RNC to formally extricate NBC News from the process is sure to seriously harm NBC News organization ’s reputation , and its financial bottom line . Typically , networks make millions of the media organization’s in ad revenue with debate moderation due to the extraordinarily high viewership . The debate is still on the schedule —   it would come after Iowans , New Hampshire citizens , South The debate , and Nevadans vote , heading into the    SEC Primary of which Texas is a part on March 1 —   but it ’s unclear as of yet who will moderate it or The debate it will air .   OO . ready The debate function ( The debate   ) } ) 
 