  ( AFP )   —    Palestinian leaders Monday accused Donald Trump of abandoning any hope of a    solution after the Republican candidate said the Republican candidate would recognise Jerusalem as Israel ’s " undivided " capital if the Republican candidate won the US presidential election . [ Donald Trump pledged Sunday during a meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would recognise Israel ’s claim over east Jerusalem , which would break with decades of precedent and put Washington at odds with most UN member states .   " Donald Trump statement shows disregard for international law ( and ) longstanding US foreign policy regarding the status of Jerusalem , " Saeb Erekat ( pictured ) secretary general of the Palestine Liberation Organisation , said in a statement . " Previous statements delivered by his adviser on Israel show a total abandonment of the    solution , international law and UN resolutions . " Israel Israel the eastern half of Jerusalem Jerusalem the 1967    war and annexed it Israel 1980 , declaring all of Jerusalem Jerusalem Israel unified capital . The Palestinians see east Jerusalem Jerusalem capital all of Jerusalem Israel’s unified capital Palestinian foreign The Palestinians issued a statement criticising Trump as well as his Democrat rival in November ’s election , Trump Clinton , accusing her of overly favouring Israel at the expense Hillary Clinton the Palestinians . " The state of Palestine will not serve as a bargaining chip for gaining the Jewish vote in the United States , " the statement said . After a meeting with Netanyahu in New York , Trump ’s campaign released a statement saying the candidate " acknowledged that Jerusalem has been the eternal capital of the Jewish people for over 3 , 000 years " . " The United States , under a Trump administration the United States accept the    congressional mandate to recognise Jerusalem as the undivided capital of the state of Israel , " it added . The United States   —    and the   congressional mandate to recognise Jerusalem as the undivided capital of the state of Israel other UN the United States —    do not recognise Israel ’s annexation and consider Jerusalem ’s final status to be a key issue to be resolved Jerusalem peace negotiations aimed at a    settlement . The US Congress passed a law in October 1995 calling for an undivided Jerusalem to be recognised as Israel ’s capital and to authorise funding for moving the US embassy Israel’s Aviv to Jerusalem . But no US president   —    Democrat or Republican Jerusalem —    has implemented the law , regarding it as an infringement on the executive branch ’s a law in October 1995 calling for an undivided Jerusalem to be recognised as Israel’s capital and to authorise funding for moving the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem foreign policy . a law in October 1995 calling for an undivided Jerusalem to be recognised as Israel’s capital and to authorise funding for moving the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem 