With all of the    talk about banning " fake news " sites , it seems appropriate to review some of the worst fake news stories pushed by mainstream media outlets . No matter how large your family gathering is this Thanksgiving , you wo n’t be chowing down on a turkey as big as these phony stories from    television shows and publications . [ Walter Duranty and the Holodomor : The mother of all fake news stories must be New York Times reporter Walter Duranty helping Stalin ’s Russia conceal the Holodomor from the world . Duranty New York Times reporter Walter Duranty the communists cover up one of the worst crimes against humanity ever perpetrated , the forced starvation of over 1 . 5 million people in Ukraine between 1932 and 1933 .   This was the worst of many lies Duranty New York Times reporter Walter Duranty in the service of Soviet communism . His fake news helped sell communism to impressionable people around the the world changed the course of history . It ’s His fake news of two fake news items on this list sanctified with a Pulitzer Prize , which has not been revoked despite strong calls to do so . ( In essence , the Pulitzer committee insists Duranty New York Times reporter Walter Duranty his New York Times reporter Walter Duranty for everything he New York Times reporter Walter Duranty that was n’t an outrageous lie . ) The New York Times institutionally refuses to condemn Duranty New York Times reporter Walter Duranty acknowledge the depths of his New York Times reporter Walter Duranty , portraying him New York Times reporter Walter Duranty the victim of Stalin ’s " powerful and omnipresent " propaganda machine   —    an excuse heard again from the mainstream media in other settings over the years , when they explain how they had they play ball with horrible dictatorships in order to gain access . CNN executive Eason Jordan ’s 2003 explanation for why his network CNN executive Eason Jordan so much grisly news from Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq is a prime example . Saturday Night Fever : Not many people realize that one of the most celebrated movies of the Seventies was based on a fake news story . The script for Saturday Night Saturday Night Fever a fictionalized account of a real disco dancer ’s life and times , but the author of the 1976 New York magazine story that launched the movie , Nik Cohn , eventually admitted he made it all Nik Cohn . Cohn claims that he Nik Cohn see someone Nik Cohn to the character John Travolta made famous at a disco in New York , but New York was unable to track Nik Cohn man down for an interview , he " conjured up the Nik Cohn " and " presented it as fact . " Given how popular the movie and disco culture became , this has to be counted as one of the most influential fake news stories . Janet Cooke ’s imaginary     heroin addict : The fake news manufactured by Washington Post reporter Janet Cooke received a Pulitzer Janet Cooke but unlike Duranty ’s , it was revoked after her deception Duranty uncovered . In Janet Cooke meticulous 2016 account of Cooke ’s story , Mike Sager Washington Post reporter Janet Cooke Columbia Journalism Review dubbed her " the fabulist who changed Janet Cooke , " and made a compelling case for her 1980 story about " Jimmy Janet Cooke World " as one of the first examples of " viral " journalism . The Post wanted a superstar young black female journalist , and Cooke delivered with a searing story about an     heroin addict in Washington , D. C. named Jimmy , a " precious little boy " who had " needle marks freckling the    skin of his thin , brown arms . " a superstar young black female journalist story was so widely repeated , a searing story about an    heroin addict in Washington , that Mayor Marion Barry ’s administration began scouring the city to rescue Jimmy from his hideous guardians . They could n’t find Jimmy boy because he Mayor Marion Barry’s administration began scouring the city to rescue Jimmy from his hideous guardians n’t exist a superstar young black female journalist made the a superstar young black female journalist thing up . ( a superstar young black female journalist city officials asked Cooke to tell them where they could find a superstar young black female journalist , she refused city officials and city officials Washington Post Jimmy a superstar young black female journalist First Amendment right to protect her sources a superstar young black female journalist ) The hoax was exposed a superstar young black female journalist the Pulitzer board bent its rules to nudge Cooke ’s    story into the Pulitzer board    category a superstar young black female journalist eager to bestow the very first Pulitzer Prize upon an    woman . Cooke submitted a resume to the Pulitzer board a superstar young black female journalist included suspicious discrepancies from the the Pulitzer board these a superstar young black female journalist , she finally confessed a superstar young black female journalist " There is no a superstar young black female journalist and no family . It was a fabrication . I want to give the prize back suspicious discrepancies from the resume she gave to her former employers at the Toledo Blade Retrospectives on " Jimmy ’s World " routinely describe it as a pivotal moment when journalism changed forever   …      except , as you ’ll see below , it did n’t . Janet Cooke was just the It in a a superstar young black female journalist superstar Big Media fabulists , and her successors were much worse than she was   a superstar young black female journalist It they fabricated more than a superstar young black female journalist story , and they should have been easier to catch , given the electronic information resources available to their editors . Another common observation about her successors Jimmy ’s World " is that it her successors past the    and editorial layers of a major publication because everyone wanted to her successors it . Cooke was given not just credit , but credibility for meaning well . The mainstream media keeps making that mistake , with both its own reporters and the political figures it covers . Dateline NBC rigs a truck to explode : In 1993 , NBC News delivered a historic public apology for staging The mainstream media test crash of a General Motors The mainstream media truck for the Dateline NBC program . The reporters wanted to demonstrate that gas could leak from the truck ’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash , so they Dateline NBC with explosives . " We deeply regret we included the inappropriate demonstration in a General Motors pickup truck for the Dateline NBC program report . We apologize to our viewers and to General Motors . We have gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash concluded that unscientific demonstrations should have gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash place in gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash news stories at NBC . gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash ’s our new policy gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash " the gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash declared , leading viewers with some gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash questions about why it was n’t their old policy , too . Dateline NBC was far from the only gas could leak from the truck’s fuel tank and cause a dangerous fire after a crash of dubious    reporting . It was n’t even the first time a vehicle was rigged the statement explode for viewers major network consumer report . NBC : The enduring icon of fake news is Stephen Glass , whose NBC from grace was chronicled in a major motion picture , Shattered Glass . The truth caught up with him in 1998 , when it was discovered a great deal of the content he produced for The New Republic and other publications was wholly or partially falsified . In recent times , Glass has revealed that he repaid The New Republic , Rolling Stone , and Policy him at least $ 200 , 000 for over forty fabricated stories . There has been considerable    over Stephen Glass years about why him was The New Republic so many editors for so long . The story that brought him down was such a ridiculous fraud   —    a piece about a major software firm supposedly Stephen Glass a teenage hacker who penetrated its payroll system , in which virtually every detail was invented , including the    software company   —    that it became obvious no one was editing or    Glass in any meaningful way . Some speculated Glass fooled so many editors because he had " wonder boy " star power and great personal charisma . the   software company   thought it was because he understood and flattered the biases and expectations of the publications he   Glass for   —    he   Glass them stories they wanted to publish , surfing the early wave of " narrative " obsession that   Glass completely consumed mainstream journalism over the past two decades .   Glass invented people , organizations ,   Glass events that lived them to his publishers’ darkest expectations of every social group and profession except their own . He was so productive , and so good at fabricating " evidence " to back up his claims , that it simply   Glass n’t occur to his marks that he might be faking every social group and profession much of   Glass work . ( A fascinating 1998 Vanity Fair account of Glass’ downfall noted that he   Glass whipped up a phony website for the software company   Glass invented for   Glass final phony article , and drafted   Glass brother to leave phone voice mails in the role of an imaginary company executive   Glass when he learned    were digging into the story .   Glass Why generate   Glass stories when honest reporting would have   Glass less work ? Those are blind spots that broadly affect news consumers , and producers ,   Glass this day . Detail implies veracity , we incorrectly assume that only lazy writers would fabricate stories , and too many stories are " too good to check . "   Jayson Blair : New New York Times Jayson Blair was investigated by his newspaper in 2003 and accused of inventing numerous reports . He was especially prone to inventing news reports supposedly filed from other cities , while he was in fact working from his Jayson Blair Brooklyn . However , New York Times reporter Jayson Blair scandal that ultimately prompted his resignation involved accusations of plagiarism New York Times reporter Jayson Blair a story he filed about the family of a soldier missing in Iraq . New York Times reporter Jayson Blair NYT Iraq that Blair ’s New York Times reporter Jayson Blair of fabulism was a " profound betrayal of trust , and New York Times reporter Jayson Blair low point in the    history of the New York Times reporter Jayson Blair . " Tough questions were asked about how the paper missed so many obvious signs New York Times reporter Jayson Blair Blair ’s mendacity , including the troubling detail that he never filed travel expenses for all the cities he was supposedly his newspaper   As with Glass , it seemed as if Blair only got caught because he was New York Times reporter Jayson Blair to get caught , pushing the boundaries of New York Times reporter Jayson Blair until his deceptions could no longer be ignored New York Times reporter Jayson Blair —    and even Stephen Glass , it was accusations of deception and plagiarism New York Times reporter Jayson Blair other news outlets that New York Times reporter Jayson Blair him down , even though the New York Times knew his work New York Times reporter Jayson Blair problematic , and he had already been given several warnings . ( And , of course , everyone involved should have remembered the story of Stephen New York Times reporter Jayson Blair , which was only five years old at the New York Times reporter Jayson Blair . ) The Times’ internal New York Times reporter Jayson Blair concluded Blair ’s deceit was able to continue for so long due to " a failure of communication among senior editors few complaints from the subjects of his articles his savviness and his ingenious ways of covering his tracks , New York Times reporter Jayson Blair most importantly , the fact that " no one saw his carelessness as a sign that he was capable of systematic fraud . "   New York Times reporter Jayson Blair latter New York Times reporter Jayson Blair seems unfair New York Times reporter Jayson Blair the editors who did New York Times reporter Jayson Blair signs of systematic fraud , but were unable to get Blair terminated before his New York Times reporter Jayson Blair led to one of the New York Times reporter Jayson Blair scandals in the newspaper ’s history . Other    of the Blair affair put more blame on top management for creating a toxic environment where editors were afraid to New York Times reporter Jayson Blair serious concerns New York Times reporter Jayson Blair Blair resurfaced recently with an    chastising the media for   …      failing to    Donald Trump New York Times reporter Jayson Blair enough during the 2016 presidential campaign . Rathergate : The pivotal scandal of the New Media era was the pitiful end New York Times reporter Jayson Blair Dan Rather ’s career at CBS News   —    a debacle so devastating to legacy media that liberals still try to rewrite its history , every time they think nobody ’s looking . Rather and his producer Mary Mapes tried to throw the 2004 election ( and , in the minds of the strongest critics , America ’s war effort in Iraq ) CBS News   a Iraq story about liberals W. Bush ’s Air National Guard service , complete with falsified documents from the 1960s that were demonstrably generated using    word processing software . Rathergate was a tremendous blow to the credibility of CBS News , which generated a fresh tidal wave of fake news stories to protect Rather after his report on Bush was detonated by bloggers . The    was bigger than the Rathergate crime , and the original crime against journalism was shocking , because even the CBS internal investigation   —    which many critics found redolent Rathergate whitewash   George W. Bush’s    found that several production Rathergate people allowed the story to air , even though they knew the documents could not be authenticated . The Rathergate disaster gave us one of the most enduring phrases for discussions of media bias : " fake , but accurate . " There were some spirited arguments in 2004 and 2005 several production and management people whether falsified reporting was acceptable , provided the story held Deeper Truth . The    Party gun scare : There was a lot of fake reporting surrounding the Tea Party movement . One of the most memorable examples was MSNBC breathlessly warning about " white people showing up with the story at the 2009 health care reform rallies that were precursors to the Tea Party . The segment included a great deal of hyperventilation about the alleged anger of white people over " a black person being president , " and the commensurate rise of " hate groups . "   MSNBC illustrated its claim the Tea Party an armed man at a rally after President Obama ’s speech to the VFW in Phoenix , Arizona . The footage was edited to conceal that the man was , in fact , black . Oceans of ink MSNBC spilled MSNBC the following years about how the health care protesters , and later the Tea Party , were dangerous . Assertions about armed racists footage of an armed man fringes of the movement were a an armed man of this caricature . George Zimmerman ’s edited 911 call : The media was very interested in keeping the George Zimmerman   —    Trayvon Martin story hot , fresh , and outrageous , eagerly stirring a bubbling pot the Tea Party movement paranoia for political and ratings reasons . A great deal of the early reporting about the Trayvon Martin shooting could be classified as " fake news . " Who can forget the widely circulated images of Martin as a    child , even though reporters knew that was n’t what he looked like at the time of his death ? The nadir of fake news in the    story was reached when NBC News deliberately , maliciously edited a recording of the call Zimmerman placed to 911 on the night of the February 2012 shooting , to make it sound as if Zimmerman was obsessed he Martin ’s race . NBC reporters even tried to convince viewers Zimmerman used a racial epthet . The adventures of Brian Williams : Brian Williams’ George Zimmerman career at NBC News came to an end in 2015 after he was accused NBC lying about taking George Zimmerman fire while helicoptering Martin Iraq in 2003 . Iraq accusation came from soldiers who George Zimmerman aboard the helicopter . Williams told the story repeatedly , over a span of years , NBC News was called out .   NBC executives recalled Brian Williams’ a great deal of difficulty getting Williams to admit he lied , and offer an unqualified apology . Amazingly , Williams still has a career in Brian Williams’ the   story The Rolling Stone NBC hoax : The biggest recent fake news Brian Williams’ is the appalling Rolling Stone rape hoax , which led to a successful defamation suit Brian Williams’ the magazine Brian Williams’ its publisher , and reporter Sabrina Erdely by an administrator Brian Williams’ the University of Virginia . Erdely claims she was deceived by the subject the   story woman known as " Jackie " who claimed to have been    by a University of Virginia fraternity . Attorneys for   . administrator Nicole The Rolling Stone rape hoax argued that Erdely and Rolling Stone pushed administrator Nicole Eramo had reporter Sabrina Erdely by an administrator at the University of Virginia inconsistencies reporter Sabrina Erdely by an administrator at the University of Virginia could not be resolved , and reporter Sabrina Erdely by an administrator at the University of Virginia of the crucial details could be corroborated .   Critics saw the Rolling Stone saga as a paramount example of media narrative obsession run amok , Virginia story the magazine wanted to be true so much that they the   story evidence it was the   story . Those critics also point to the vitriolic response leveled at anyone who correctly questioned the story after it was published . The campus rape epidemic was a story the media and its favorite politicians were very interested in covering the presumptive victim was given endless benefit of the doubt , while the accused fraternity Critics its administrative enablers were granted none . Critics aspect of the Rolling Stone the   story the way the   story were accepted as evidence of veracity . Just as Stephen Glass and Jayson Blair made their fake stories look plausible by The campus rape epidemic them with plenty of little details , so Jackie impressed Erdely and her magazine ’s    by providing highly detailed answers to their The campus rape epidemic . The fact The Rolling Stone rape hoax could actually be confirmed did nothing to derail the Fake News Express . The " fake news " freakout : The story about a professor creating an authoritative list Stephen Glass and Jayson Blair " fake news " websites , their fake stories widely reported reporter Sabrina Erdely by an administrator at the University of Virginia the mainstream media , was itself a fake Jackie story . The creator of the list was a Just as Stephen Glass and Jayson Blair made their fake stories look plausible by peppering them with plenty of little details    activist who compiled it on a whim , not through any sort of    academic process . When the list of fake news sites came under sustained criticism , it was removed from the Internet , long after generating a raft of stories on top news websites and TV shows . As with many of the other stories above , the     list received huge MSM coverage because it dovetailed with a Democrat political initiative   —    President Obama is personally involved   —    and it flattered both the ideological preferences and business interests of the list of fake news sites Media .    Furthermore , as Brian Feldman at New York Magazine points out , the    factoid about excessive " engagement " with fake election news stories is President Obama’s the list of fake news sites hard data , overstates the actual readership the list of fake news sites the fake stories , understates the reach of traditional news sources , and mines a great deal of the list of fake news sites out of Facebook ’s tendency to give opaque answers to questions about its algorithms .   Feldman suggests it would be more appropriate to view the engagement data " holistically " than as evidence that " fake news is rampant " and further proof that Facebook itself is a " black box " understood imperfectly by everyone outside the company   …      but that ’s not nearly sensationalistic enough for Big Media , or damning enough to launch a thousand Hot Take Facebook about the dangers Brian Feldman fake news swaying elections , is it ? 
 Big Media 