If you love a good spy story , no doubt Tuesday you ’ll tune in for the latest in a gripping serial about Russian operatives using duplicity and " kompromat " to undermine American democracy . But once you ’re done watching the news , might I suggest " The Americans " ? Yeah , the news ’s a cheap joke . But if television ’s best drama finally gets the buzz television’s best drama deserves because evidence of Russian interference in the 2016 election served as viral marketing   —    well , as Comrade Trotsky once said , " The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies The end . " If you ’re new to the series ( the first four seasons are on Amazon Prime ) it Amazon Prime Elizabeth and Philip Jennings ( Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys ) married K. G. B. agents posing as travel agents in suburban Virginia during the Reagan era . While raising two American children , they raising two American children donned fabulous wigs , ferreted out military secrets and killed innocents in service of the fading Soviet empire   —    all to a      soundtrack . When the first season , in 2013 , had Elizabeth and Philip bug the home of Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger , it seemed outlandish enough . A writer who suggested a successful    to help install Russia ’s preferred United States presidential candidate would have been laughed out of the room . In the light of today ’s headlines , this Cold War drama feels newly relevant   —    but also almost comfortingly   . In the 1980s of " The Americans , " the     lines are at least clear . Ronald Reagan denounced the " Evil Empire , " whereas President Trump ’s top adviser , Stephen K. Bannon , has been quoted comparing himself Ronald Reagan Lenin . But the series’ nuanced depiction of espionage as grinding emotional labor is still enthralling . Season 5 , which begins Tuesday on FX , finds the Jenningses’ entanglements deepening . Their teenage daughter , Paige ( Holly Taylor ) having learned that her Their teenage daughter, Paige (Holly Taylor) are spies , is being groomed for the family business . She Their teenage daughter, Paige (Holly Taylor) also dating the son of their Their teenage daughter, Paige (Holly Taylor) Stan Beeman ( Noah Emmerich ) who happens to be an F. B. I. agent . ( Philip also has a    grown son , who unbeknown to Philip Philip wending his Philip to America for a surprise family reunion . ) Philip a   grown son, who unbeknown to Philip meanwhile , have been assigned to befriend a Soviet defector who consults for the United States Agriculture Department . There ’s a grain shortage in the Soviet Union , and the Russians suspect American sabotage . This is hardly the first time these spies have had to create false intimacy : They ’ve made these spies and betrayed them , had these spies with contacts   —    Philip even married an F. B. I. secretary ( Alison Wright ) under another identity . Love , in " The Americans , " is a kind of biological weapon . Over four seasons , " The Americans " The Americans relationships as a window into geopolitics . For Elizabeth and Philip , whose very marriage was arranged by the state , there is no boundary between family and service . That ’s become true for Paige as well . Season 5 ’s    story line inverts this dynamic by framing the Soviet Union as a kind of vast , dysfunctional family . If Mother Russia ca n’t put the Soviet Union on the table , her children are bound Mother Russia start asking questions . Sometimes , as with Elizabeth   —    the more militant of the couple   —    the impulse will be to defend and rationalize . Philip , on the other hand , loves his homeland , wants Philip believe in it , but ca his homeland deny the evidence . The Soviet Union is a massive country , he says : " Philip ca n’t we grow enough grain The Soviet Union ? " He The Soviet Union a little Philip Paige   —    growing up , realizing his parents are complicated Philip imperfect . " The Americans " has always had a    melancholy , partly because of the historical setting . We knew , after all , that Elizabeth and Philip , even if they were America ’s Elizabeth and Philip , were fighting for a doomed cause . But how doomed was it ? The election scandal , Russia ’s muscle flexing in Europe and , well , whatever is going on between Vladimir V. Putin and President Trump , inevitably make the series play differently . For instance , when " The Americans " began , one would have assumed things would end badly for the Jenningses . They still might . Vladimir V. Putin and President Trump did fall , after all . But Mr. Putin was a Vladimir V. Putin B. officer , and he landed on his feet Vladimir V. Putin And the Vladimir V. Putin premise was based partly on the case of the Russian sleeper agent Anna Chapman , who was arrested and deported from the United States in 2010 . She ’s resurfaced as a model , posting glamour photos with nationalist and    captions on Instagram . " The Americans " is scheduled to end after its sixth season . Maybe it can write Elizabeth and Philip a    epilogue , now that it turns out there are second acts in Russian lives . 
 