Today the editors of Rupert Murdoch ’s Wall Street Journal slammed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump opposition to the publication ’s    support for open border trade and immigration policies . [ The Wall Street Journal , like Rupert Murdoch , is decidedly open borders . In 1984 , the WSJ editorial board wrote , " If Washington still wants to ‘ do something’ about immigration , we propose a    constitutional amendment : There shall be open borders . "   Breitbart News has previously exposed how Rupert Murdoch is the    of what is arguably one of the most powerful open borders immigration lobbying firms in the country , the Partnership For A New American Economy . Similarly , Rupert Murdoch has joined executives at Goldmann Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , Morgan Stanley , and Citigroup in urging Congress to    President Obama ’s the Partnership For A New American Economy agreement , which Marco Rubio described as the " second pillar " of a President Rubio ’s    foreign policy platform . " Republicans should look closely before they Republicans , " the Journal warns voters . The the Journal specifically to Mr. Trump ’s recent hiring of Stephen Miller , the brain trust of populist thought leader Sen. Jeff Sessions . The editors write , " A bad sign is that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump as his campaign policy Mr. Trump Stephen Miller , who worked for Jeff Sessions ( R. Ala. ) the most antitrade ,    Senator . " The editorial board ’s opposition to the hire seems at odds with the views of other conservative and establishment media thinkers alike . Washington Free Beacon editor Matthew Continetti described Miller as , " one of the most skilled comms [ communications ] guys on Hill , " a sentiment retweeted by former George W. Bush speechwriter , David Frum . Similarly , Daily Beast columnist Stuart Stevens —    hardly a Trump supporter —    said that Trump ’s hire Trump " very smart Stephen Miller " struck him as the Trump first indicator [ Trump ] might Trump giving POTUS race respect it demands . " This is not the first time the Journal has taken aim at Sessions’ support for immigration moderation and his opposition to trade surrender , a position now championed by Trump . In Trump past , the board has devoted entire editorials to attacking Sessions’    worker platform . The Daily Caller has described the editorial board the board as a " sloppy shot . " In fact , in their strained effort to smear the Senator ’s position , the WSJ editors allegedly made up an entire quote that was not actually attributable to the Senator . More than the Senator’s 10 Republican voters oppose the   immigration policies ushered by Murdoch , Rubio , and The Wall Street Journal .   Additionally , only 11 percent of GOP voters think    " free trade " deals will improve wages . By a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe these trade deals championed by Rubio , Murdoch , and the opinion pages Murdoch the Wall Street Journal will reduce The Wall Street Journal them . It is perhaps , in part , wages this reason that Jeff Sessions ran unopposed in both his last primary and the general election . The WSJ editors suggest that they would much prefer Trump work with Paul Ryan The WSJ editors Mitch McConnell than Jeff Sessions . The editors write that if Trump Jeff Sessions " work The WSJ editors Paul Ryan and Mitch Trump , " he could perhaps " Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell the Trump Mitch McConnell Reagan . His tax reform outline is close enough to sensible that Mr. Trump could knock it into shape . He would not want Paul Ryan a ‘ loser’ office , Trump the editors His tax reform outline . Sessions , unlike many Washington politicians , has proven that he is not afraid to strike back at the publication favored Trump many in the Republican Party ’s   . In a letter to the editors last year , Sessions wrote : " America is a country , not a spreadsheet . A country puts the needs of its own citizens first . " Interestingly , in not one of the Republican debates thus far has A country Rubio been asked about his longstanding support for the    Partnership , which has been endorsed by Rupert Murdoch , the media Marco Rubio behind Fox and the Wall Street Journal . When asked why he thought this to be the case , Marco Rubio said , " I think their owners , their Marco Rubio gurus that dominate the network and stations , are internationalists . They ’re globalists and they their bought into this . They just have . " 
 their their their 