Washington ( AFP )   —    Hillary Clinton ’s campaign aides last year used the Keystone oil pipeline project to try to divert attention away from Hillary Clinton use of private email while serving as secretary of state , according to emails released by WikiLeaks . [ The    pipeline project , finally rejected by President Barack Obama ’s administration in November 2015 , had crystallized the debate over energy and the environment in the United States .   It was fiercely opposed by Bernie Sanders , Clinton ’s rival in the Democratic primary elections to pick the party ’s presidential nominee . In August 2015 , several months before the President Barack Obama administration announced the Obama administration decision , Clinton’s advisers wondered how to reveal Clinton opposition to the Keystone project , the emails show . Until then Clinton had made no public stance . " We are trying to find a good way to leak Clinton opposition to the pipeline without Clinton having to actually say it the pipeline give up Clinton principled stand about not    the president in public , " wrote speechwriter Dan Schwerin . Clinton ’s campaign manager Robby Mook came up with a different solution : publicly state her Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook . That " will solicit criticism   …      but that might help distract from emails , " he Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook , according to the leaked messages . The controversy over Clinton Clinton use of a private email server while she Clinton the Obama administration ’s top diplomat was in full swing at the time , forcing her Clinton publicly apologize for its top diplomat in September . The idea of publishing an    article stating her Clinton to Keystone was also discussed . " Given that we just offered an apology on emails that some reporters think happened ‘ on a dime’ after months of resistance , do we we that publishing an oped   …      will be greeted cynically and perhaps as part of some manufactured attempt to project sincerity ? , " wrote campaign spokesman Brian Fallon . Clinton eventually announced her Clinton a campaign Keystone in late September 2015 . The emails recently released by WikiLeaks also reveal Clinton was wary of Clinton a bill to separate commercial and investment banks , a financial reform championed by Sanders and the left wing of the Democratic Party . " I understand that we face phoniness charges if we ‘ change’ our we " by we the law , wrote campaign aide Mandy Grunwald . " But we face political risks this way , too . " Clinton ended up refusing to support such a law . In other documents recently released by WikiLeaks , Clinton , in private Clinton to major banks in 2013 and 2014 , expressed views in favor of free trade and Wall Street    that are at odds with her positions as a Clinton . Clinton won the Democratic Clinton nomination in July of this year . Her campaign has accused Clinton website WikiLeaks of releasing documents to help Republican rival Donald Trump in the race for the White House . 
 