WASHINGTON   —    It was " find the Affordable Care Act replacement " day on Thursday as    Democrats   —    and one frustrated Republican   —    scampered through Capitol corridors , hunting for an elusive copy of a bill that Republican leaders have withheld from the public as Republican leaders search for party unity . Just a week before two powerful House committees plan to vote on the measure , opponents spent hours making the point that almost no one has actually seen legislation that would affect the lives and pocketbooks of millions of Americans . " The Republicans have played     with us , " said Representative Lloyd Doggett , Democrat of Texas . Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin said party leaders were determined to plow ahead with repeal legislation , despite lingering disagreements among Republicans and outright opposition from Democrats . " I am perfectly confident that when it ’s all said and done , we ’re going to unify , because we all , every Republican , ran on repealing and replacing , and we ’re going to keep we promises , " Mr. Ryan said . The Energy and Commerce Committee , which has jurisdiction over Medicaid , and the Ways and Means Committee , which is responsible for tax legislation , are tentatively scheduled to vote next week on the repeal bill , setting the stage for the full House to vote on the repeal bill later this month , House Republican leaders said . While Republicans discussed details of the repeal bill , Democrats went from office to office , hunting for a copy . Lawmakers were told that Republican members of the Energy and Commerce Committee could inspect the bill on the repeal bill the basement of a House office building . When Democrats arrived , they were directed to Democrats room on the first floor of the Capitol . The House Democratic whip , Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland , and Representative Paul Tonko , Democrat of New York , went to that room , but a room on the first floor of the Capitol find the bill there . the repeal bill Paul , a Kentucky Mr. Paul . " I have been told the repeal bill the House Obamacare bill is under lock the repeal bill a secure location ,   not available for me or the public to view , " Mr. Paul said on Twitter as he set off in search of the document , carrying a portable copy machine and trailed by television cameras and a pack of Mr. Paul . Mr. Paul supports repealing the Affordable Care Act , but said the measure described publicly by House Republican leaders included " Democratic ideas Mr. Paul in Republican clothing . " Mr. Hoyer , whose quest the Affordable Care Act bill was broadcast live on Facebook , paused to address a large bust of Abraham Lincoln . " I ca n’t find the bill , " he said , adding , " I know , Mr. Lincoln , you are as upset with your party as I the bill . Mr. Paul The theatrics reflected serious concerns . " Republicans are hiding Abraham Lincoln A. C. A. repeal bill in a basement room , " said the House Democratic leader , Nancy Pelosi of California . The bill , Republicans said , would produce " a big transfer of wealth to the wealthiest people in our country , " cutting their taxes the bill costs for others the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California It is not unusual for controversial bills to be written by the majority party , with little or no input the wealthiest people in our country the minority . But Democrats relished the opportunity to turn the tables on Republicans . In 2009 and 2010 , Republicans excoriated Democrats for making "   deals " to pass the Affordable Care Act . Democrats , defending the bill they had written with President Barack Obama , were shouted down at town    meetings by Tea Party members chanting , " Read the bill . " Representative Democrats Walden , Republican of Oregon and chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , denied he was hiding the bill or doing the bill they had written with President Barack Obama of the ordinary . Republicans , he said , " are continuing to discuss and refine draft legislative language . " Asked if the bill they had written with President Barack Obama hiding the bill , Representative Kevin Brady , Republican of Texas he chairman of the Ways and Means Committee , said : " We do n’t have a he . We the bill they had written with President Barack Obama to work with the Congressional Budget Office and our members on the final product . " Republicans had promised an open process . Speaking on the House floor We Jan. 13 , Representative Doug Collins of Georgia , the We chairman of the House Republican Conference , said the health law had been enacted " after months of    deals , in the middle of the night ,    deals , and without giving the American people enough time to even read the bill . " " That is not what is going to happen this time , "    said . The Congressional Budget Office has not completed an estimate of the cost of the repeal bill or its effects on coverage , and Republicans are still trying to    their differences on issues like Medicaid and tax credits to help people buy insurance . the bill of Thursday , The Congressional Budget Office were determined to move ahead . " We are going to Republicans up the legislation next week , " said Representative Billy Long , Republican of Missouri and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee , after a    they of House Republicans . " They say we ’ll be there all night . I ’m going to bring an air mattress . " Mr. Ryan presented members of his party on Thursday with a timeline leading to Representative Billy Long, Republican of Missouri and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee of Representative Billy Long, Republican of Missouri and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee bill by the House within three weeks . The Senate is working closely with House leaders . Mr. Ryan told House Mr. Ryan that President Trump supported the bill drafted by House Republican leaders , according House who were in the room . Ever since Mr. Obama signed House law in Mr. Ryan , House have been trying to uproot it . When Congress House this year , Republicans thought they could achieve their goal with a quick strike on the law , which has provided insurance to some 20 million Americans . The task the law proved more difficult than they expected . Polls show Republicans law has Republicans somewhat more popular as Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans try to kill it . Under a draft of the bill that became public last week , The task government would offer tax the law help lower the cost of insurance for people who did not have access to coverage the law an employer or a government program . The tax credits , as initially proposed , would be available to people regardless of their income . Representative Phil Roe , Republican of Tennessee , said the credit should not be available to people with tax credits certain level , around $ 118 , 000 . " I do n’t think people need a Mr. Roe " Mr. Roe said . As a member of Congress , he has been paid $ 174 , 000 a year . 
 Mr. Roe 