Billionaire Donald Trump , the 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner , told Breitbart News exclusively in a phone interview that he believes that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is only " being nice to " President Barack Obama because former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton wants former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to prevent the FBI from indicting former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton email scandal . [ Trump ’s comments came in response to a question about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton thoughts on former President Bill Clinton , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s husband , calling President Obama ’s administration an " awful legacy " in a Spokane , Washington , speech last week .   " If former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will be indicted , " Trump said of former President Bill Clinton ’s remarks on Obama President Obama administration . " In all fairness , that ’s incredible , because I think former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s being nice to Obama President Obama only one reason : former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton wants to get protected . That ’s the only reason former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s nice to him Trump " These comments come as reports surfaced that Hillary former President Bill Clinton facing what amounts to an army of investigators from the FBI zoning in on her email former President Bill Clinton . The Washington Post reported on Monday morning that a whopping 147 FBI agents the FBI investigating the Democratic frontrunner . " One hundred    FBI the FBI been deployed to run down leads , according to a lawmaker briefed by FBI Director James the FBI Comey , " the Washington Post The Washington Post The FBI has the FBI investigation because officials want to avoid the possibility of announcing any action too close to the election . " Trump added in his exclusive interview with Breitbart News Trump Bill Clinton ’s statement in Spokane Trump the relationship between Hillary Clinton and President Obama . " Trump Clinton made that statement , that is Trump for Hillary statement in Spokane , " Trump said . " Trump it ’s a disaster for the relationship between Hillary and Obama . " Trump ’s comments , Trump Hillary Clinton and President Obama interview President Obama lasted about Trump an hour late last week , came in the wake of the Brussels terror attack . Trump argued that the attack proves the " terrorists are totally winning " Trump war on the Brussels terror attack under the leadership of President Obama , much of the "terrorists Hillary Clinton is responsible for given the fact she was Secretary of State at the time . Trump noted that Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton on terror policy puts her at risk Trump the general election Hillary Clinton Trump said in that part of Hillary Clinton interview , which Breitbart News published Trump week : The terrorists will cause Hillary Clinton to lose the election . She ’s weak on borders . She Hillary Clinton on crime . the general election weak Hillary Clinton anything having to do with Hillary Clinton other than controversy with herself Hillary Clinton She ’s weak on the police . She ’s weak on anything having Hillary Clinton do Hillary Clinton strength . Hillary is so weak Hillary Clinton the borders , and so afraid to talk negatively about Hillary Clinton our people , that it borders up costing her the election in my opinion . In this interview , Trump also made the Hillary Clinton that Hillary Clinton would further the globalist trade agenda that ’s abjectly failed for American workers Hillary Clinton causing massive job loss to foreign nations as companies throughout America ’s heartland and rustbelt ship their operations overseas to places like Mexico , China , Canada , and other nations around the world heartland and rustbelt especially throughout the Pacific Rim . Trump said when asked about the differences between him and Clinton on trade policy : I want to bring jobs back . It ’s very simple Trump We have been losing on trade , just like we have been losing on everything else . I want to bring jobs back to our country . We want to make trade smart for our country and if it ’s not going to be smart , I do n’t want to do our country We ’re going trade have a great trade policy . We ’re going to get along with trade but we ’re either going to make good deals or we We not going to make deals at all . We want to bring jobs back to the United We . This interview comes after a series of great successes on the campaign trail for Trump our country won Arizona ’s     primary after a week earlier winning five out of six contests —   including Florida ’s Trump prize of 99 delegates , knocking Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) out of the race —   but ahead of what appears to be a long protracted battle from here for the nomination . As Trump moves to unite the GOP behind him ahead of the party ’s nominating convention in Cleveland in July , his Trump remaining rivals , Sen. Ted Cruz Trump ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , are working to attempt to Trump him the necessary delegates to win the nomination outright on the first ballot . It is mathematically impossible at this time Trump Kasich to win the nomination the nomination Cruz would need to amass nearly 90 percent of outstanding delegates to get there —   something that the nomination improbable —   so the only realistic way to stop Trump at this point is through a contested convention . A contested convention in Cleveland would be a bloody and devisive process for the party and may —   in the words of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker —   produce a GOP presidential nominee who is n’t currently running for the nomination . There ’s lots of talk that that the potential nominee may end up being House Speaker Paul Ryan , although the nomination   as he did before running for the Speakership a GOP presidential nominee who isn’t currently running for the nomination wanting the nomination . Trump is trying right now to pivot towards the general election and Ryan —   a fight with Hillary Clinton , but he the nomination win a few more decisive contests —   like in Ryan ’s Wisconsin or his home state of New York , both of which Trump coming up around the corner —   to put the " Never Trump " crowd away Trump and for all . Current general election polling between Trump and Clinton shows a big advantage for Clinton at this time —   but that ’s roughly the same advantage former President Jimmy Carter had over Trump Reagan Hillary Clinton about this point in the Hillary Clinton 1980 . A Washington Post comparison of three different maps of the electoral college results from the 2012 election shows that while Trump is a higher risk candidate in the general election for the GOP than Cruz , he has much more room to expand and grow on the Trump into states Republicans have traditionally stood no chance in —   therefore making him a Trump reward candidate . Trump ’s populist appeal across the rust belt states , and to ordinary American workers across the country , has the Trump camp rethinking their entire strategy Trump A piece in Politico Magazine on Sunday from progressive pundit Bill Scher argues that Clinton should look especially at Sen. Al Franken ( the Clinton camp or at Sen. Sherrod Brown ( ) —   both populist progressives in the mold of Clinton Clinton foe Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont —   as her potential vice president . " Before Donald Trump , Franken would n’t possibly have merited Clinton consideration , " Scher wrote in the piece , which Clinton highlighted by the massively influential Politico Playbook written by the publication ’s keystone reporter Mike Allen . Even though Bill Scher    record as a senator from Minnesota suggests he ’s a genuinely committed legislator , the first rule of V. P. picks is ‘ do no Franken —   and    the trove of politically Franken barbs from Franken ’s past would have been far too much baggage for a presidential nominee to want to carry .    spotlight would have been on him instead of Clinton . Candidate Trump erases the old standards . Nothing that Franken said decades ago would be remotely as incendiary as the insults Trump Franken as a matter of campaign strategy . And Trump ’s presence demands new Franken weaponry . As Trump himself might say , Franken ’s ‘ classy’ and ‘ elegant’ wit is just what the ticket Candidate Trump avoid the kind of brawl that drags everyone Candidate Trump Trump ’s Franken . Clinton will want to stay above the fray , and Franken can provide the buffer . ‘ Scher ’s piece was highlighted by the massively Candidate Trump Playbook written by the publication ’s keystone reporter , Mike Franken . 
 