Democrat pollster and analyst Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday , " The biggest news should be that tomorrow , Nancy Pelosi will face a secret ballot vote " to determine the party ’s leadership . [ Nancy Pelosi is favored , per reports , but there are deep divisions within the party’s . Asked if Nancy Pelosi may be ousted as minority leader , analyst Pat Caddell said , " I think there ’s a chance . "   ‘ The caucus is so small , relatively , and it The caucus made up of more of the farther left people from safer districts , " said analyst Pat Caddell , adding , "   of the membership is just from a couple states : California , New York , and Massachusetts . " As for Pelosi , he Pelosi , " What is her Pelosi : ‘ I have done a great job losing the most number of seats for you over three or four elections ? We ’re still sixty seats behind’ " ? Caddell said House Democrats’ problem is how far out of the mainstream they are . " The Democrats are facing problems in all of these states where they The Democrats just been wiped out down to the legislative level . The bench is n’t there , " he The bench . Pointing out their strength on the coasts , especially California , Caddell Caddell , " They their not the party of the rest of the country . " " They their learned nothing , " said Caddell Caddell " Nothing has changed since the election . " Caddell Caddell that instead of dwelling on the issues there , Democrats and the media are focused on recount efforts , which only continue to fuel divisions across the the country the heels of the election the election Marlow asked if Democrats supporting a recount effort in certain states may have an impact in terms of putting another Clinton email investigation back on the table , Caddell said it should not another Clinton email investigation However , he also added Caddell " I ’m hoping that Donald Trump will allow Jeff Sessions as attorney general " to make the decision whether or not to go forward with a new investigation of Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal . The topic came up while discussing the ramifications of Clinton ’s support Hillary Clinton’s Stein ’s recount efforts , which many see as an attempt to undermine the coming Trump presidency even Donald Trump it gets started . the coming Trump presidency said he understood the dynamics Caddell the decision and that one would not want to be perceived as doing it simply to " persecute " a former political opponent . " Meanwhile , " said Caddell , " we Caddell got real problems here in a country where the vast majority know that we have two standards we justice   —    one for the rich and powerful and one for everyone else . " " My hope is in order to    this situation is that the Attorney General and the President will make clear that there ’s evidence of things that need to be investigated and get a special counsel outside of Washington who will do a job as a total professional person and take politics out of it , " said Caddell . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 