Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted that Hillary Clinton wants to disarm average Americans —   while living Hillary Clinton life surrounded by security who are " fully armed . " [ Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted , " Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to get rid of all guns , and yet Crooked Hillary is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed . " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested Hillary Clinton needs to apply the same rule to Crooked Hillary that Crooked Hillary seeks to apply to everyday Americans and proclaimed , " No more guns to protect Hillary Clinton ! "   Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all all guns yet she Crooked Hillary surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed . No more guns to protect Hillary Crooked Hillary   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 21 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s tweet comes the day after he stood Trump front of thousands at the NRA Leadership Forum in Louisville , Kentucky , where he described Trump as " the most      Amendment candidate ever to run for office . " He added Trump " And as I ’ve said before , she wants Clinton abolish the Second Amendment . She wants Clinton take your guns away . " Trump said : Hillary wants Clinton disarm vulnerable Americans in high crime neighborhoods . Whether it ’s a young single mom in Florida or a grandma in Ohio , Hillary wants Clinton to it’s a young single mom in Florida or a grandma in Ohio defenseless , wants to take away any chance they have it’s a young single mom in Florida or a grandma in Ohio survival . And by the way , you have men and you have women sitting in an apartment , and outside is tremendous crime —   tremendous crime of all kinds —   and they need women be protected . And you know , the only way they are women to be able to protect themselves , women if you take that gun away from them , women ’s that gun to be a very unfair situation . And that ’s why we are going to call her " Heartless Hillary . " Trump went on to call for Clinton ’s body guards to " immediately disarm " so she can Clinton the way the defenseless single mom in Florida has to feel on any given night . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on AWR Hawkins : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly AWR Hawkins awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 