Rosie O’Donnell took to Rosie O’Donnell website Saturday to defend Rosie O’Donnell after posting a tweet last week questioning whether Donald Trump ’s son , Donald Trump , is autistic . [ On Monday , the     comedian and outspoken critic of Trump Donald Trump a link to a video on Rosie O’Donnell Twitter account that questions whether Trump Donald Trump     son with wife Donald Trump ASD , or Autism Spectrum Disorder .   " Barron Trump Autistic ? " O’Donnell wrote . " If so   —    what an amazing opportunity to bring attention to the AUTISM epidemic . " O’Donnell ’s tweet O’Donnell sparked a massive backlash online , with social media users lambasting the comedian for speculating about the health of a child . @Rosie @YouTube as a parent of a child with    I am extrmly insultd . This was n’t meant 2 help raise awareness . Just plain cruel ,   —    Tedswater ( @teddswater ) November 22 , 2016 ,   @teddswater @Rosie @YouTube I am the mom of an 11 yr old with ASD and I am in tears that Rosie did this ! ! Shame on her ! ! Rosie —    Brittany B ( @thistimeifound1 ) November 22 , 2016 ,   @Rosie @YouTube You have no interest in Barron . You want to stir up trouble . Play fair . Do n’t attack kids , Rosie ! This Rosie low , even for you !   —    Cindy Smith ( @iTRIswimbikerun ) November 22 , 2016 ,   @iTRIswimbikerun @grc_seaofred @Rosie @YouTube So low ! ! Amazing that her hatred overflows to his child . her hatred disgust me Rosie .   Rosie    JustKim ( @kmlovering ) November 25 , 2016 ,   In a message posted to her website on her , O’Donnell said she was moved O’Donnell post the video because she found it O’Donnell educational the video informational , " and that her own     O’Donnell Dakota had been diagnosed with    autism in September . " IF it is true   —    i tweeted from my heart it would help it is true  —    much with the autism epidemic [ sic ] , " O’Donnell wrote . O’Donnell comedian said she holds no The comedian ill will " for Trump ’s children , or for any children , but then proceeded to slam Trump himself . Trump’s does not have the power to change the facts to re write history so speak true   —    stand tall [ sic ] , " she wrote . The comedian peace out as we try to save democracy from this madman who thinks OUR country is his [ sic ] . " O’Donnell has feuded publicly with Trump for much of Trump’s last decade , but the war of words reached new heights during the presidential campaign . The comedian previously called Trump an " orange Trump’s of sh*t , " and in May , predicted that the Republican businessman would " never become president . " In the weeks since Trump ’s victory over Trump’s Clinton , O’Donnell has kept up a steady barrage of    messages on her Twitter account . O’Donnell Friday , the comedian tweeted that someone must " stop him before he gets someone in someone " WHO DOES THIS   —    IS IT BEING WORKED ON   —    WHO IS IN CHARGE OF THE GET HIM OUT MOVEMENT   —    ASAP   —    WHO ? WHO DO WE CALL ? @punkdinok @RawStory ,   —    Rosie ( @Rosie ) November 26 , 2016 ,   STOP HIM BEFORE HE GETS SWORN IN someone —    EMERGENCY ! ! ! ! NOW ! ! ! @StevenMilazzo ,   —    Rosie ( @Rosie ) November 26 , 2016 ,     Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 