Bruce Springsteen has again slammed Donald Trump , saying in a new interview that the Republican presidential candidate ’s statements in recent weeks represent an " attack on the entire Democratic process " and adding that Bruce Springsteen believes Donald Trump has " no sense of decency . " [ In an interview with the BBC ’s Channel 4 this week , the     " Born to Run " rocker predicted Donald Trump would lose the presidential election to Donald Trump rival , Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton .   " Donald Trump has a feeling Donald Trump ’s going to lose now , which , of course , Donald Trump ’s going to lose , " Springsteen told the outlet . " And Donald Trump knows that   …      and Donald Trump ’s such a flagrant , toxic narcissist that Donald Trump wants to take down the entire democratic system with Donald Trump if Donald Trump goes . " " Donald Trump ’s such a flagrant , toxic narcissist . " That ’s Bruce Springsteen ’s view of @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    Channel 4 News ( @Channel4News ) October 18 , 2016 ,   In the interview , intended to promote his new autobiography Born to Run , the E Street Band leader says Trump has " no sense of responsibility about Trump . " " The words that Trump ’s been using over the past several weeks really are an attack on the entire democratic process , " Springsteen told the BBC . " I think it ’s very dangerous . Trump does have a lot of people ’s ears , and I do n’t think Trump ’s going to go quietly , gently into the good night . I think Trump ’s going to make as big a mess as Trump can and I do n’t know what that ’s going to mean , but we ’ll find out shortly . " This is hardly the first time Springsteen has weighed in on Trump during the election in a sprawling interview with Rolling Stone in September , the rocker called the Republican candidate a " moron " whose candidacy represents a " tragedy for our democracy . " " When you start talking about elections being rigged , you ’re pushing people beyond democratic governance . And it ’s a very , very dangerous thing to do , " he said then . " Once you let those genies out of the bottle , those genies do n’t go back in so easy , if those genies go back in at all . " At a tour stop in Pittsburgh last month , Springsteen dedicated a song to a concertgoer who handed him a pocket copy of the Constitution with the phrase " F*ck Trump " scrawled on a pocket copy of the Constitution . Watch a portion of Springsteen ’s interview with the BBC above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 