Mitt Romney ’s Thursday Mitt Romney address seemed to rely heavily on the talking points employed by    favorite Sen. Marco Rubio . [ In recent weeks , commentators have observed that   favorite Sen. Marco Rubio campaign rhetoric has taken a markedly different tone . Some have suggested that the change in tone perhaps comes at the behest of his donors , who want Mitt Romney to go on the attack against Trump .   In 2012 , Mitt Romney ’s Presidential campaign squandered the financial investment of many Party donors . In 2016 , Party Party have lined up behind their Party donors candidate , Mitt Romney . Yet —    like 2012 —    despite donors’ considerable financial investment , Rubio ’s campaign has crashed in the early state primaries . Rubio has Rubio won a single primary state election to date . On Wednesday , Donald Trump ’s senior policy adviser Stephen Miller told Fox Business viewers that Romney ’s injection into 2016 politics is an attempt to pay back those donors : Mitt Romney Romney terrible presidential campaign in 2012 and he racked up Romney of millions of dollars in losses for donors , so he is paying Romney back now donors running block and tackle for struggling candidate Marco Rubio   …      Mitt Romney is Romney for his donors . Romney Romney textbook example Romney how not to run a presidential campaign   …      What burned Mitt Romney [ was Romney failure to connect with everyday working people who are struggling to get a pay raise   …      Mitt Romney and the donor Romney determined to run that same failed playbook   …      [ and ] that is the Marco Rubio playbook . The Marco Rubio   playbook is the Marco Rubio playbook . What do donors want ? They want donors immigration that drives down wages . So donors Romney is coming in to Romney donors he blew a few hundred million dollars Romney 2012 . Thus it is perhaps interesting that several of Rubio ’s    talking points appeared to Marco Rubio mirrored in Mitt Romney ’s address . Below are just some of the crafted talking points that were reflected in Governor Romney ’s speech : 1 ) Trump is n’t a good businessman . At Thursday ’s address , Romney said : " What ever happened to Trump Airlines ? Governor Romney’s about Trump University ? And then there ’s Trump Magazine and Trump Trump Airlines Trump Steaks , and Trump Mortgage ? A business genius he is not . " Last week , Rubio said : " You ever heard of Trump Vodka ? You have , well it is n’t around anymore Trump Vodka Trump Mattress ? Or Trump Air ? Or Trump Ice ? Or Trump Water ? Those are all businesses that are gone , but they were disasters . Trump Hot Air   —    yeah . " Those ’s claim that Trump is not " a huge business success that knows what he ’s talking about " is perhaps particularly bizarre considering the fact Romney Romney the exact opposite in 2012 after receiving Trump ’s endorsement : Romney Trump has shown an extraordinary ability to understand how our economy works Trump jobs for the American people , he has done it here in Nevada , he ’s done it across the Trump   …      I ’ve spent my Trump in the it sector —   not quite as successful as this guy [ Trump ] —   but successful nonetheless —    sufficiently successful to understand what it takes to get America to be the most attractive place in the world for innovators , entrepreneurs and business and job creators   …      I want to say thank you to Donald Trump . 2 ) Trump will start a trade war . Romney said : " [ Trump ’s Donald Trump proposed 35 %    penalties would Trump a trade war that Donald Trump raise prices for consumers , kill export jobs , and lead entrepreneurs and businesses to flee America . " At the 10th GOP debate , Rubio told Trump : " About the trade war   —    I do n’t understand Donald Trump because your ties and the clothes you make is made in Mexico and in China . So you ’re gon na be starting a trade war against your own ties and your own suits . " Again , this talking point represents a departure for Mitt Romney , who in 2012 said that there ’s a silent trade war currently going on and the U. S. is losing . Romney said : " There ’s one [ i. e. a trade war ] going on right now , which we do n’t know about it . It ’s a silent one . And they ’re winning . " a trade war ) a trade war ’s a con man . Romney Mexico and in China " There are a number of people who claim that Mr. Trump Romney a con man , a fake   …      Let me Trump again . There ’s plenty of evidence that Mr. Trump is a con man , a fake . " " On the issue Trump artists , that I wo n’t stop saying . Donald Trump is indeed a con artist , " Rubio said in a Fox News interview Trump . " I will never stop until we keep a con man from taking over the party of Reagan and the conservative movement , " Rubio said at an Oklahoma rally . " He ’s a con man . He ’s a Rubio man . He ’s a con man Rubio " 4 ) Trump needs Rubio release the transcript of his Rubio discussion with the New York Times . Romney called on Trump to release " the Trump of his interview with the New York Times Trump …      Trump predict that he told the New Trump Times that his immigration talk is just that : talk   … Trump let the New York Times said Trump closed doors to the New York Times . " Rubio similarly said in a Trump earlier this week : " Donald Trump should the New York Times Times to release the audio of his interview with him Trump can see exactly what it is he truly believes the New York Times he has Trump the cornerstone of his campaign . " 5 Trump Trump us lose to Hillary Clinton Trump Romney said : " Polls Trump also saying that he will Trump to Hillary Clinton   …      Trump Trump nomination enables her victory . " On Trump , Rubio said : " If Donald Trump is Trump nominee , then Hillary Clinton will be the next president of Hillary Clinton   United States Trump      a vote for Donald Trump tomorrow is a vote for Hillary Clinton in November Hillary Clinton 6 ) Trump does not set Trump example for our children . Romney said that the Party nominees " bear the Trump of Hillary Clinton example for our children and our grandchildren   …      now imagine your children and your grandchildren acting the way he does . Will you welcome that ? " Before engaging in personal attacks against Trump our Rubio said : " I do n’t do the personal attacks   …      Romney ’s beneath the office that I ’m seeking but also because I do n’t want to embarrass my kids . My kids are watching this campaign . I do n’t the personal attacks   to do things that will embarrass them now or in the future . I want to be an example to my kids " This statement came prior to Sen. Rubio ’s questioning the size of Donald Trump ’s my kids last week . 
 Rubio Rubio my kids 