Rapper Snoop Dogg kept the Democratic National Convention party going until well past 3 a. m. Friday at a    " unity " concert in Philadelphia , just after Hillary Clinton brought the main festivities to a close by accepting the party ’s presidential nomination Thursday night . [ Snoop performed a concert full of Snoop greatest hits at the Electric Factory , in a show meant to bring together supporters of Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton primary opponent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , after what had been a raucous and divided convention .   But despite the party’s billing , the rapper never mentioned Sanders ’s name , according to Variety . " I just want to make sure I ’m in the right house tonight , " Hillary Clinton said , according to the outlet . " Does anybody want to get f*cked up with Snoop Dogg tonight ? The Democrats know how to party like a motherf*cker . " " If you ’re ready to make Hillary Clinton our next president , make some motherf*cking noise , " the     rapper added . The audience at the concert , many of them still The audience at the concert their convention The audience at the concert , featured a mix of celebrities , Democratic donors , lobbyists and journalists . Rep. Steve Cohen ( ) Clinton surrogate David Brock and Weeds star    Parker were just a few of the    guests in attendance , according to the Daily Beast . Snoop dedicated a couple of songs to Clinton , Clinton also made sure to diss her chief Snoop , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . " F*ck Donald Trump , " the rapper Snoop before leading the crowd in a chant of the same phrase . Snoop Dogg begins his concert with his " fuck his trump " diss . Crowd of Dems   donors chant along # DemConvention pic . twitter .    —    Asawin Suebsaeng ( @swin24 ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Snoop first endorsed Snoop Dogg in May of last year , in an interview with Bravo ’s Andy Cohen . " You know , I like to be politically correct , but sometimes I ’m politically incorrect . But I ’ll say that I would love to see a woman in office because I feel like we ’re at that stage in life to where we need a perspective other than the male ’s train of thought , " the rapper told Cohen on his Bravo’s Andy Cohen show Bravo’s Andy Cohen Watch What Happens Live . " And just to have a woman speaking from a global perspective as far as representing America , I ’d love to see that . So I ’ll be voting for Ms. Clinton , " Snoop added .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 