Conservative firebrand Ann Coulter appeared on Brietbart News Sunday with host Alex Marlow this weekend regaling the audience with Conservative firebrand Ann Coulter take on the shocking death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , the Constitution and our democracy , Donald Trump , Conservative firebrand Ann Coulter ’s Conservative firebrand Ann Coulter ’s decades of scandals , and Bernie Sanders’ wacko supporters . [ Marlow , the     of Breitbart News , began Scalia February 14 segment on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 with the    author by asking what exactly the nation lost with the sudden and unexpected death of Supreme Court Justice and conservative giant Antonin Scalia .   Coulter pointed out that Scalia is one of the few recent Justices who it can be said had a " coherent judicial philosophy . " But Coulter added that one of the reasons Coulter was so influential was because Coulter was a brilliant , interesting and funny writer . " We as lawyers , " Coulter said , " would print out copies of [ Scalia ’s decisions ] and   …      we ’d   …      be reading aloud from Scalia dissents because Scalia dissents were so hilariously funny . And that has a lot to do with Scalia influence . As I ’ve always said , you ’re not going to influence anyone if anyone ’re not reading what you wrote . " Coulter imagined that at some point Scalia realized Scalia was n’t swaying Scalia colleagues on the bench , so Scalia just " cut loose . " " I suppose Scalia figured , ‘ Well . I did n’t sway my colleagues and I ’ve been sucking up to Justice Day O’Connor for ten years on abortion and I still lost O’Connor for ten years on abortion , so screw O’Connor for ten years on abortion I ’m just cutting loose , now , and saying what I think of the logic here.’ Because of that I think Scalia made it very clear what a coherent legal philosophy is , " O’Connor for ten years on abortion said . Coulter said it was a testament to Scalia that so many of the articles reviewing Coulter career were quick to point out Coulter judicial philosophy benefitted conservatism . " They ’ll say that ‘ Scalia ’s judicial philosophy is called originalism which often benefits conservative viewpoints in the political process.’ Well , it ’s not an accident that it benefits conservatives , " she said , " because what it is , is not making stuff up . it means going by the Constitution because if you ’re not reading the Constitution , if you ’re not interpreting the the Constitution well , then why you guys rather than any nine other people ? " " If we just want philosopher kings we can we do better than [ justices ] Elena Kagan , Justice Souter , " Coulter jabbed . But what it really means to be an originalist , Coulter insisted Coulter is that conservatives and Republicans would rather leave the issues for the people to vote on , not to    unaccountable judges . But the left , Coulter said Coulter wants to prevent us all from voting on anything . " Liberals ca n’t get their ideas Liberals , they ca Liberals get people to join them in people ideas people total Marxist take over of the country , " she continued Coulter The " Adios , America " author reminded listeners that the gay marriage issue was constantly losing when Americans were allowed to vote , but now we have universal    across the nation the country took away the right of the people to vote on the issue . the gay marriage issue are losing with the people , " Coulter concluded , " so they just go up the people the Supreme Court and say ‘ could you please the Supreme Court a right to gay marriage in the Constitution . ’ " Coulter was also infuriated Coulter Republicans who keep dealing from a position of weakness even when they hold all the cards and she noted that John Coulter became Chief Justice for that very reason . " We had a majority in the Senate , " Coulter noted , " Coulter are we nominating    … We the stealth candidate    …      actually I do n’t think Republicans should ever [ do that ] because   …      whenever you see originalism benefits conservatives that is because originalism means democracy and liberals do n’t like democracy . Just always understand that when they say ‘ originalism benefits conservatives’ that ’s because you get to vote , Americans , and liberals do n’t want you to be able to vote . " " That ’s what ’s so frustrating on these decisions , " she insisted , " what ever you think about gay marriage , what ever you think about abortion , it ’s not in abortion Constitution , therefore [ the voters ] are supposed to decide it . If these abortion ideas were popular , on abortion for example , they could just put these liberal ideas to a vote abortion But they ’re terrified of these liberal ideas a vote , they know they would these liberal ideas . these liberal ideas , if you put up Supreme Court nominees whose position is ‘ No , we ’re going to let you vote , Americans,’ I do n’t know how Republicans lose on that ? " Coulter Coulter sure , though , that Scalia ’s death came at a time when the GOP wo n’t likely get away with caving in to Obama ’s pressure to put an extremist liberal on the court and that is because Donald Trump wo n’t let them . " Now , I do think if this had happened a year ago   …      we ’ve seen how Republicans would behave , " she said . " They ’re utterly craven Republicans …      the Senate Republicans would confirm whomever Obama sent up . Obama ’d wring their the Senate Republicans , Lindsey the Senate Republicans would be leading the charge talking about how ‘ Oh , well , it ’s the President ’s right to decide,’ " Coulter mocked . " Now that Donald Trump has come on the scene , I think Washington Republicans may be the Senate Republicans get the message that we ’re really ticked off at them . And , look the Senate Republicans if they let some somebody go the Senate Republicans   —    I mean , I think Trump is going to win Donald Trump   —    but it ’s just going to Donald Trump him another ten million votes Donald Trump " The author then went on to laugh at how Hillary Clinton is trying to "    Bernie Sanders on the ‘ black lives matter’ crap . " " I believe Donald Trump is the only Donald Trump does not wet his pants when presented with a Donald Trump about black lives matter . I believe he ’s the only Republican who Donald Trump just say straight out , ‘ I support the cops,’ " she said . " No waffling Hillary Clinton no ‘ Oh , there are bad apples.’ Screw Republicans who say that , there are bad apples in every place   …      why do we have to start with that when it comes to the people who are keeping us safe ? " she asked we " And I Hillary Clinton telling you a majority of blacks will prefer Donald Trump for that . They know they ’re more at a majority of blacks from a majority of blacks murdered , or mugged , or raped by black teenagers than they are by some white cop a majority of blacks " So , with Hillary and Sanders going out on a    limb , it will surely make Trump even more popular , Coulter Donald Trump emphatically . Coulter ended her segment by lambasting Coulter Clinton Coulter a " stupid " person . All these claims she is the smartest woman on Coulter planet do n’t ring true when looking at her constant scandals and corruption not Coulter mention how incompetent her campaign is looking these days Coulter " Well one point I do want to claim authorship of , when   …      the email scandal and the private server story first broke , I believe I was the first   —    and I do n’t think it ’s caught on sufficiently yet   —    who pointed out we ’ve been wrong about Hillary all these years , she Coulter just really dumb , Coulter Coulter joked . " Bill Clinton , you know , he was a horn dog , Bill Clinton he was n’t stupid , " Bill Clinton averred . " Hillary , Coulter mean she ’s Coulter Betty Boop from Coulter range , she ’s been through this before Coulter she ’s been through it with Coulter Foster and his this , she ’s been Vince Foster it with Coulter Whitewater records , this ’s been through this over Coulter and over , and over again . And she becomes Secretary of State and Coulter to herself , ‘ I know , Coulter ’ll keep my emails on a private server , that wo n’t raise any eyebrows , will it?’ It ’s just stupid . Apart it?’ any nefariousness . " Coulter pointed out that Hillary has clearly been unable to Coulter the Democrats she is the best candidate . Coulter the conservative author warned that if the Democrat Party tries to steal it all for Hillary there might be hell to Coulter . " Everybody ’s talking about Joe Biden or John Kerry coming in and you never know with the Democrats , they will violate the Democrats in the the Democrats to win an election see e. g. Bob Torricelli in New Jersey . But I do n’t see how they do that without engendering a lot the Democrats bitter feeling with the Hillary supporters and the Sanders wackos , so , yeah , I think they ’re in quite a pickle . the Democrats " she said , . In the end , for Coulter the fact that we have Donald Trump is our saving grace Donald Trump I ’m just we that we ’re going to have Trump to take we of it because Donald Trump I mean , it Donald Trump would n’t matter what ’s happening to the Democrats if we were running that lying the Democrats Rubio . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 The author 