This weekend ’s California Republican Party convention in Burlingame marks the unofficial start of the California primary . [ While Democrats seem to be resigning Democrats to Hillary Clinton ’s eventual nomination , the state ’s June 7 contest will still be decisive for Republicans . Frontrunner Donald Trump may need about 270 of the remaining 502 delegates to win eventual nomination outright . 172 of those the remaining 502 delegates in California . And Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has a good chance to stop him Frontrunner Donald Trump   Recent polls show Trump Frontrunner Donald Trump in California . But , as the old saying goes , polls do n’t vote . In California California delegates are won by congressional district . And among Republicans , a plurality of the vote is enough to take all three delegates the remaining 502 delegates . And      weeks is a long time in politics . With that in mind , here are three possible scenarios for the California California . Scenario # 1 : Trump wins big . With Trump recent clutch of wins Trump the northeast , and a possible win in Indiana May 3 , Trump may roll into California California unstoppable momentum . He will defend his strong Trump in the Trump Francisco Bay Area , along the Central Coast , and in Southern California ( outside Los Angeles and the Inland Empire ) . He will even seize territory Trump Cruz in his Central Valley stronghold , Trump taking Fresno and districts near Sacramento . Cruz will be held to Cruz more than 14 of the state ’s 53 congressional districts , and Kasich will be a    losing to Trump in liberal metropolitan districts . This scenario assumes that Cruz ’s    ground game Cruz be unable to counter Trump ’s dominance in earned Trump and that Cruz ’s early choice of Cruz Fiorina as his running mate will have little Carly Fiorina in a state she lost badly in her 2010 Carly Fiorina race . It Carly Fiorina presumes no major gaffes or organizational snafus by Trump over the 40 days until Trump Day . Scenario # 2 : Cruz wins . While it Cruz seem unlikely , given the current news cycle and the polls , Cruz could pull off a Cruz upset in California by mobilizing a committed core of activists throughout the state . In addition to California dozen or so districts in the Central Valley , he will need to maximize Cruz ground game advantage in Cruz    districts on the outskirts of Los Angeles and San Francisco . He will also need to Cruz districts from Trump in areas where the billionaire is currently leading in the polls , including Alameda County in the norther , and parts of Orange and San Diego counties in the south . And Cruz will need to work carefully with Kasich , minimizing the Kasich vote in conservative districts but boosting Kasich in the cities . In early the Kasich vote in conservative districts , Breitbart News projected that while Trump was likely to win the state , Cruz could win up to 118 delegates Cruz —    70 % of the total   —    under a    scenario . That would not only deny Trump a    overall majority , but Trump also make a strong case for Cruz as the strongest candidate on a Cruz ballot at the Republican National Convention in July . Scenario # 3 : Trump wins small . Breitbart News recently Trump that if the California primary were held today , Trump would win 106 delegates , Cruz Trump win 66 , and Kasich Cruz win none . That may sound impressive : conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt , who is from California , predicted last week that Trump California not even reach 100 . Trump even 106 delegates would likely be too few for Trump to reach the    threshold required Trump clinch the nomination on the first ballot . Trump will argue that coming close enough Trump a majority , and defeating all other contenders by a wide margin , ought to be enough for the party to award him the nomination . But Cruz , Trump the " Never Trump " contingent , will disagree   —    and the party will face a contested convention the party painful   —    or thrilling   —    outcome is still probably the likeliest of the three scenarios . It is up to California Republicans   —    that      band   —    to decide which of these will come to fruition . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings Joel B. Pollak Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 