Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saw many thousands of supporters gather at several rallies this week , far outpacing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opponent , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , who again cancelled one of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump few campaign events . [ A conservative estimate of those who attended Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s rallies added to those who attended Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " " energy plan presentation total over 26 , 000 for this week . That ’s compared to the around 700 that gathered for Clinton events in Philadelphia and Orlando . Those numbers are based on news reports detailed below . Both Those numbers stops in Pennsylvania and Florida . Trump held two events in North Carolina and Clinton Clinton a fundraiser in that North Carolina   Chris Snyder of Fox News tweeted this view of Trump Trump Township , Pennsylvania rally on Thursday : Moment Trump Trump stage in Chester Township , Pennsylvania to the " Rocky " theme song pic . twitter .    —    Chris Snyder ( @ChrisSnyderFox ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Wesley Robinson of PennLive tweeted of the " thousands " gathered for Trump at Sun Trump Studios : Comparing this to a recent Tim Kaine event I covered in Lancaster , this Donald Trump rally Trump larger from what I can see .   —    Wesley Robinson ( @SirWesleyThe1st ) September 22 , 2016 ,   These posts noted overflow of the crowd in a " big auxiliary room " : Per @jrobinsonphoto there were a lot of people in the big auxiliary room of the studio . I could n’t get out to see , though , nothing to hide .   —    Wesley Robinson ( @SirWesleyThe1st ) September 23 (@SirWesleyThe1st)   Trump in Aston PA @PennLive https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    James Robinson ( @jrobinsonphoto ) September 23 , 2016 ,   Philly . com reported of the Pennsylvania rally , " At least 3 , 000 filled the room where Trump gave his speech , with thousands more waiting Trump an additional overflow room . " Trump also spoke earlier that same day Trump more than 1 , 000 gas industry experts in Pittsburg , laying out the details of his " " energy plan . Clinton Trump n’t scheduled for any campaign rallies on Thursday as noted in a Trump campaign email blast and on a Trump documenting Clinton ’s campaign schedule . Clinton ’s Clinton major event was Wednesday Clinton’s , Florida after apparently taking another day off . Clinton postponed a Tuesday fundraiser , " Clinton with Hillary Rodham Clinton , " according to local WNCN News . The $ 2 , 700 to $ 100 , 000 event was set to take place at Betty Craven and Michael Warner ’s home in Chapel Hill . A Monday night appearance on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon had been    on Friday . The same day as Clinton ’s cancelled Tuesday fundraiser , Trump Clinton two North Carolina rallies . One at High Point University drew at least 2 , 000 , a fire official told local Fox8 News reporter Jasmine Spencer around an hour before Trump spoke . The event   —    Trump in the university ’s 1 , 750 capacity Millis High Point University —    was sold out ahead of time . Fox8 reported that some students shown lined up outside local Fox8 News reporter Jasmine Spencer not able to get into the packed event . HighPoint fire official tells me they measured for a capacity of 2 , 000 some students shown lined up outside No word on official count from campaign . pic . twitter .    —    Jasmine Spencer ( @1JasmineSpencer ) September 20 , 2016 ,   Trump posted a thank you to High Point with photos of the event : Thank you High Point , NC the packed event will fight for every neglected part of this nation   I will fight to bring us together as one American people ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 20 , 2016 ,   With a population of fewer than 900 people , Kenansville also hosted Trump for a rally on Tuesday that drew around 10 , 000 people , according to local WNCT News . Around 6 , 000 of those were able to get in and pack out the Duplin County Event Center . The venue ’s website lists expanded seating capacity of 6 , 075 . Trump tweeted out photos of the Kenansville rally : Thank Trump Kenansville , North Carolina !    on November 8th , that special interest gravy train is coming to a very abrupt end ! # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 21 , 2016 ,   Clinton ’s Wednesday rally in Orlando brought out " hundreds " according to local News13 , which reported " as many as 500 people " at the Frontline Outreach Youth and Family Center . Trump ’s Wednesday rally in Toledo , Ohio brought out " thousands , " according to the Toledo Blade . Don King and Bobby Knight campaigned with Trump at the approximately 2 , 400 capacity Stranahan Theater Trump which was packed , and attendees spoke of additional people in an overflow room . Thank you Toledo , Ohio ! It is so important for you Toledo, Ohio and Ohio on November 8 , 2016 ! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 21 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s view today at his rally in Toledo pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Trump ( @KilloughCNN ) September 21 , 2016 ,   Clinton abruptly took several days off , including canceling a West Coast fundraising tour , last week after a health incident forced her to leave the ceremony at ground zero , commemorating the 15th Clinton since the Islamic terror attacks on   . She held just a couple of campaign events from Friday through a Clinton campaign rally in Philadelphia that drew around 200 attendees at Temple University . Trump , by comparison , packed an event arena with around 8 , 000 in Estero , Florida on Monday . Both candidates held Florida rallies in early September . Clinton drew around 1 , 500 Florida September 6 at the University of South Florida . Trump drew around 12 , 000 Temple University , Florida . Trump has Trump event scheduled for Roanoke , Virginia on Saturday evening . Clinton Florida to Trump a clear schedule ahead of Monday night ’s debate . Follow Michelle Clinton on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 