The editorial board for the Las Vegas    has endorsed Marco Rubio for president calling Marco Rubio the best qualified Republican in the field . [ The the Las Vegas    paper is the biggest in the state of Nevada , potentially an important influence in the early primary state . It The Las Vegas paper recently purchased by the Sheldon Adelson family , but the endorsement stressed that the editors were " detached " from the decision .   " The Adelsons have detached themselves The Adelsons our The Adelsons process , and our The Adelsons not represent the support of the the Sheldon Adelson family " the editorial reads . The paper argued that Rubio was not an " establishment Sen. Rubio candidate , reminding readers of his upstart Senate race in 2010 Sen. Rubio In an insurgency campaign featuring true outsider Mr. Trump and Sen. Cruz , an avowed enemy of the establishment , it ’s not a surprising political tactic . But the idea that Sen. Rubio is an " establishment Sen. Rubio simply is n’t true . Recall the 2010 election , when he was voted into the Senate . Sen. Rubio Republican establishment put Senate weight behind the establishment Crist , with the the establishment Mr. Rubio considered a long shot at best , trailing by nearly 30 points early on . When Mr. Rubio   —    the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives   —    surged in the polls , Gov. Crist dropped out of the Republican primary to run Florida Gov. Charlie Crist Florida Gov. Charlie Crist and assure himself a spot in the general election . It hardly mattered Florida Gov. Charlie Crist as Mr. Rubio whipped Gov. Crist by nearly 20 points in a Mr. Rubio  —   the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives  —    . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is a    conservative , as proved by his 94 percent Mr. Rubio  —   the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives  —    from Heritage Action   —    bested by only Mr. Rubio  —   the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives  —    Republicans in the entire Congress . He is not a       RINO ( Republican in Name Only ) as many Mr. Rubio  —   the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives  —    declared . If you want your next president to be an outsider , Sen. Rubio is part of the discussion . Read the full editorial here . Mr. Rubio  —   the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives  —    