Comedian George Lopez may be one of the few celebrities who could acutally keep Comedian George Lopez promise to leave the United States following Donald Trump ’s historic presidential election victory earlier this month . [ During an encounter with TMZ on Sunday at Los Angeles International Airport , Comedian George Lopez was asked whether he Comedian George Lopez give Trump Donald Trump’s " chance , " as his Comedian George Lopez comedian Dave Chappelle suggested he Comedian George Lopez do while hosting Saturday Night Live this week .   " I ’ll give him Comedian George Lopez chance to suck my ass , " Lopez replied .   Last year Lopez Lopez one of the first celebrities to threaten to leave the country if Trump Donald Trump’s the election . " If he Lopez , he Lopez n’t have to worry about immigration . We ’ll all go back , " the Latino comedian and TV star told TMZ just weeks after Trump Donald Trump’s his Donald Trump’s bid . On Sunday , Lopez Donald Trump’s that he Donald Trump’s already have set plans in motion to leave the country following Trump Donald Trump’s Tuesday night . " Listen , I ’m in escrow . Do n’t worry about my residential status , " he told Donald Trump’s outlet . " And I ’m not ’m to tell you where I ’m going ’m go , it ’ll the outlet up real estate prices . Because in a f*cking year , nobody ’s going to want to be here . " Lopez also joked that he had Lopez eating the snack food Cheetos : " Anything orange I do n’t want , " he said Lopez In April , Lopez endorsed Lopez Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders but said he feared Lopez could Lopez support the Vermont Senator ’s tax proposal . " I endorsed Bernie Sanders former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders really just to   …      I mean , it ’s cool the Vermont Senator’s tax proposal " Lopez said Lopez BigBoyTV . " I ca n’t pay any more taxes it ’s ridiculous . But , so , we ’ll figure it out . I really just did it to get it awareness out and have people vote . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 