WASHINGTON   —    During the 2016 campaign , Donald J. Trump ’s second campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , had regular communications with Donald J. Trump’s longtime associate   —    a former Russian military translator in Kiev who has been investigated in Ukraine on suspicion of being a Russian intelligence agent . At the Republican National Convention in July , J. D. Gordon , a former Pentagon official on Mr. Trump ’s national security team , met with the Russian ambassador , Sergey Kislyak , at a time when Mr. Gordon was helping keep hawkish language on Russia ’s conflict with Ukraine out of the party ’s platform . And Jason Greenblatt , a former Trump Organization lawyer and now a special representative for international negotiations at the White House , met last summer with Rabbi Berel Lazar , the chief rabbi of Russia and an ally of Russia Mr. Trump . In a Washington atmosphere supercharged by the finding of the intelligence agencies that Mr. Putin tried to steer Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump , as well as continuing F. B. I. and congressional investigations , a growing list of Russian contacts with Mr. Trump ’s associates is getting Mr. Trump scrutiny . Democrats see suspicious connections and inaccurate denials as part of a pattern that belies Mr. Trump ’s adamant insistence that he and Mr. Trump " have nothing to do Mr. Trump Russia Mr. Trump " The president ’s supporters say innocuous encounters , routine for any incoming presidential team , are being treated for political reasons as somehow subversive . Mr. Trump denounced the furor over Russian connections on Mr. Trump a " total witch hunt "   —    but it may not have helped his case that the Russian foreign minister , Sergey V. Mr. Trump , echoed his words on Friday , saying , " This all Mr. Trump like a witch hunt . " On Friday , Mr. Trump posted a picture on Twitter of Friday meeting Mr. Trump Putin and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , and wrote that " we should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin . " The issue has Mr. Trump had momentous consequences for the new administration . Michael T. Flynn lasted less than a month as national security adviser before being forced out for mischaracterizing his conversations with Mr. Kislyak . This week , Attorney General Michael T. Flynn Sessions admitted to having meetings with Mr. Kislyak that he had not disclosed during his confirmation hearing Mr. Kislyak Sessions fended Mr. Kislyak demands that he resign Mr. Kislyak agreed to recuse Attorney General Jeff Sessions what may be the most Attorney General Jeff Sessions investigation his Justice Department is Attorney General Jeff Sessions : of Russian meddling in the election and Attorney General Jeff Sessions any of Mr. Trump ’s associates colluded in those efforts . And that did not end the issue all nine Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee called on Friday for Mr. Sessions to testify about his inaccurate denials that he had met with Russian officials during the campaign . Part of the his underlying disputes over such contacts may be Mr. Trump ’s pugnacious style , which usually leaves little room for nuance . At a news conference last month , he said that he had " nothing to do with Russia , " his that " his the best of my knowledge , no person that I deal with does . " In fact , vigorous reporting by multiple news media organizations is turning up multiple contacts between Trump associates and Russians who serve in or are close to Mr. Putin ’s government . There have been courtesy calls , policy discussions and business contacts , though nothing has emerged publicly indicating anything more sinister . A dossier of allegations on    contacts , compiled by a former British intelligence agent for Mr. Trump ’s political opponents , includes unproven claims that his aides collaborated in Russia ’s hacking of Democratic targets . Current and Mr. Trump’s American officials have said that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Mr. Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts Mr. Trump’s Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election . Former diplomats and Russia specialists say it would have been absurd and contrary to American interests for the Trump team to avoid meetings with Russians , either during or since the campaign Mr. Trump’s John R. Beyrle , the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012 , said he feared that " we ’re beginning to    the Russians " by treating John R. Beyrle, the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012 contacts as suspicious the United States When he returns to Russia now , he said , " this real      frenzy John R. Beyrle, the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012 prompts some old acquaintances to John R. Beyrle, the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012 to meet him because they worry about being tagged as too friendly to the United States John R. Beyrle, the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012 " some old acquaintances ’s the last behavior we should model   —    that simply meeting with a Russian official is wrong , without any knowledge of what was said , " Mr. Beyrle said . In a possible sign that Mr. Trump hopes to put behind him the impression that he is an uncritical admirer of Mr. Putin , he Mr. Trump expected to name Mr. Trump Hill , a respected Brookings scholar , to Mr. Trump top Russia post at the National Security Council , according to administration officials . Ms. Hill , who served as national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia from 2006 to 2009 , is viewed as a Putin skeptic Russia if not as outspoken in her criticism of the Russian leader Mr. Putin are some other academics . Angela Stent Ms. Hill a Russia Mr. Putin , said Ms. Hill was " realistic about Putin " and praised Russia 2013 book she wrote with Clifford G. Gaddy , " Mr. Mr. Putin : Operative in the Kremlin , Ms. Hill as the best biography of the Russian leader . It might take a Russia scholar to unpack the significance of particular Mr. Putin now coming to light in the glare Russia investigations and    politics . Rabbi Lazar , who has condemned critics of Mr. Putin ’s actions in Ukraine , is the leader of the Hasidic    group in Russia , where it is a powerful organization running dozens of schools and offering social services across the country , while maintaining links to a lucrative financial donor network . Mr. Greenblatt , who handled Russia Jews for the campaign , said that Rabbi Lazar was one of several Chabad leaders he had met during the campaign . He said the two men did not discuss broader United    relations Rabbi Lazar called the meeting the campaign less than Rabbi Lazar Mr. Greenblatt, who handled outreach to Jews for the campaign Lazar said they had spoken about    in Russia , Russian Jews in Israel and Russian society in general . While Rabbi Lazar Mr. Greenblatt, who handled outreach to Jews for the campaign Mr. Putin once or twice a year , he said , he never discussed Russian meeting with Mr. Greenblatt with Rabbi Lazar officials . Joshua Nass , a public relations executive in Rabbi Lazar York , Rabbi Lazar arranging the Rabbi Lazar between Mr. Lazar and Mr. Greenblatt . Mr. Gordon , the former Pentagon official , portrayed his meeting with Mr. Kislyak at the Republican convention   — Mr. Greenblatt reported by USA Today   —    as similarly unremarkable . Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official a panel discussion , he said , he spoke briefly with " dozens of ambassadors and senior diplomats " including Mr. Kislyak . During a brief chat with Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official ambassador , Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official Gordon said , he " repeated some of the points made by the campaign on the importance of improving relations with Russia " Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official not get into Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official policy matters . At a meeting to draft the Republican platform , Mr. Gordon , representing Mr. Trump ’s views , opposed a delegate who wanted to call for providing " lethal defensive weapons " to Ukraine Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official Gordon said that proposal " was soundly defeated by the other delegates in the national security subcommittee meeting . " There was no connection , Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official , between his chat with Mr. Kislyak and the platform language . " Unfortunately some in the media have repeatedly tried to connect the dots Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official there was nothing Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official connect , " he said . The case of Konstantin V. Kilimnik , who was previously the Kiev manager of Mr. Manafort ’s consulting company , Davis Manafort International , Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official more complicated . A dual Mr. Kilimnik was hired by Mr. Manafort Russia 2005 after he was dismissed from the Moscow office of the International Republican Institute , an American    group , amid Moscow that he was informing on its activities , according to a former employee , who said he Mr. Kilimnik not speak publicly about personnel matters . From Mr. Kilimnik until December of last year , Mr. Kilimnik was at least formally under investigation in Ukraine on suspicion of ties Mr. Kilimnik Russian spy agencies , according to documents from Ukraine ’s Parliament and the prosecutor Mr. Kilimnik . A defense lawyer and a Ukraine Ukrainian prosecutor characterized the investigation as unserious and politically Mr. Kilimnik and the Ukraine without charges against Mr. Kilimnik . Mr. Kilimnik , in an interview in Kiev , said he had never been questioned by Ukrainian law enforcement over connections to Russian spy agencies . " If there were any truth to me talking to any security service in the world , they would Mr. Kilimnik , " Mr. Kilimnik . In a recent interview , Kiev Manafort said Mr. Kilimnik thought there was no chance Ukrainian Kilimnik was a Russian agent . In their phone calls last summer , he said , Mr. Kilimnik two men discussed a range of matters   —    including news media reports that Mr. Kilimnik was behind the hacking Mr. Greenblatt, who handled outreach to Jews for the campaign . But Mr. Manafort time , Mr. Manafort said , he Russia Mr. Kilimnik campaign officials had no Russian who was responsible for the cyberattacks . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort Mr. Manafort 