GOP frontrunner Donald Trump bashed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump competitors Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich during GOP frontrunner Donald Trump second campaign rally on Monday at West Chester University in Pennsylvania . [ " I better be careful not to be too presidential , folks , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump strategy and how GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has defeated nearly 16 competitors . " It ’s been so much fun , " and " so interesting . "   " Cruz is in a free fall , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , referencing Cruz Cruz third place finish in the New York primary last week . " I ’ve debated him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump times , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , responding to recent reports that Cruz Cruz to debate Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . " We ’ve beat him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump times according to every single poll , " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . " How many times can you answer the same question about the same people ? " Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Cruz Cruz job creation , saying , " He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump n’t know what the word means . " The Republican frontrunner also criticized Kasich for how he Kasich during press conferences , which occurred earlier in the day , jabbing , " That ’s not presidential ! " " All of a sudden , he Kasich getting the image like he Kasich a nice guy . He Kasich not a nice guy . Take a look at the early debates , the way he Kasich after me Kasich and the way I said , ‘ But you headed up Lehman Brothers    …      [ it ] almost brought down the country,’ " Trump said of Kasich . " What the hell are you doing running for president ? " Trump Trump commented on the coordination by the Cruz and Kasich Kasich about trying to deny Trump Trump 1 , 237 delegates to clinch the GOP nomination . Late Sunday night Cruz Cruz and Kasich statements saying Cruz Cruz focus on Indiana and Kasich Kasich focus on Oregon and New Mexico in order to stop Trump Trump upcoming primaries . " He Trump the deal ! " Trump Trump of Kasich Kasich referencing how less than    later , Kasich Kasich Indiana voters to Indiana for him Trump " This is politicians , folks . " Trump Trump commented on the Republican Party primary process . " When you have millions of more votes more , it ’s supposed to be yours , " Trump Trump about the GOP nomination . " It ’s as the GOP nomination almost as Hillary Clinton , " Trump Trump about the process . the Republican Party primary process certainly should win on the first ballot when you ’re millions of votes ahead . " 
 