SANTA MONICA   —    Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) told hundreds of supporters in an airport hangar on Tuesday night that he would continue to campaign , despite the fact that Hillary Clinton had clinched the Democratic Party ’s nomination . [ The crowd knew the race was over , but cheered anyway , The crowd voices echoing loudly off the corrugated iron ceiling , making the race seem there were far more people in the room than there actually were . The crowd were willing participants in a sad , and ongoing , illusion .   The truth is that Sanders neither expected to win , nor planned to win . The proof was obvious as early as October , in the first Democratic debate in Las Vegas , when CNN ’s Anderson Cooper raised the issue of Clinton ’s email scandal   —    now the target of a serious FBI investigation   —    and Sanders gave Clinton a pass : " Let me say something that may not be great politics . But I think the secretary is right , and that is that the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn   . " With that , I noted at the time , " Sanders excused Hillary Clinton for a ) violating State Department policy on private    b ) disposing of public records without authority c ) misappropriating classified materials d ) covering up possible misconduct and conflicts of interest . " I did not foresee that Sanders Sanders last so long   —    I overestimated Clinton Hillary Clinton strength   —    but there was hardly a path to victory if he Sanders to make the only ironclad case for rejecting our    first female president . It is unfair , perhaps , to pick on Sanders   —    who , at least , began to talk about Clinton Clinton’s with 48 hours left before the California primary . The truth is that not one Democratic politician has called Clinton Hillary Clinton Clinton’s what it is : Clinton’s email scandal . California governor Jerry California came closest , last August , when he said Clinton California governor Jerry Brown email scandals were " like a vampire " that she Hillary Clinton have to put a " stake " through . Clinton Hillary Clinton to lie , and to evade   —    and Jerry Brown endorsed California governor Jerry Brown . Democrats treat scandals differently than Republicans do . The GOP is tearing itself apart over Donald The GOP ’s comments on the federal judge in the Trump University fraud case . These comments differ from ’s comments on the federal judge in the Trump University fraud case because they were not just the ’s comments on the federal judge in the Trump University fraud case     political incorrectness . Trump appeared to apply Donald Trump blanket rule against judges based on ethicity or religion . That is bigotry   —    and an assault on judicial independence , as well as the kind of mistake a Republican nominee can not afford . Trump also gave the Donald Trump a moral principle around which to rally . Hours before he attacked Judge Gonzalo Donald Trump in a San Diego speech , Trump had won the Donald Trump of moral high ground , when a    mob waving Mexican flags and burning American ones attacked Trump fans , including women , outside a San Jose rally . Smarter leftists worried that a public backlash could elect Trump Americans around the flag , Trump alienated even some of his supporters . He will endure only because Clinton is Trump toxic . Trump Democrats have no standing to object to Trump ’s rhetoric   —    not when they proudly Trump based on race , not when they Democrats Barack Obama a pass for twenty years in Jeremiah Democrats ’s racist church . Then , as now , not one Democrat stood up to say the obvious   —    that their party ’s frontrunner no longer had any business holding public Democrats . Democrats do not break under moral pressure . For the left , the party is the moral principle . And that is why their party’s not attack Clinton ’s most vulnerable point . To him , corruption is Wall Street corruption , not government corruption : Sanders state itself is above the law . His campaign was a fraud because the " democratic " in " Sanders socialism " is a fraud . Now , unless Attorney General Loretta Lynch defies her bosses and indicts Clinton , it falls to Trump   — Attorney General Loretta Lynch the most flawed Clinton the GOP has ever nominated   —    to save the rule of law . Bernie would n’t even do it to save himself . 
 the rule of law Bernie 