Saturday at ABC News’ New Hampshire Republican Debate , Donald Trump and Jeb Bush got into a battle over eminent domain which ended with Donald Trump being loudly booed by the audience , whom Jeb Bush said were Jeb Bush donors .   Donald Trump said , " Let me just tell you about eminent domain . So many people have hit me with commercials and other things about eminent domain . Eminent domain is an absolute necessity for a country , for a country . Without Eminent domain , you would n’t have roads . You would n’t have hospitals . You would n’t have anything . You would n’t have schools . You need eminent domain . And a lot of the big conservatives that tell me how conservative they are , they they the Keystone pipeline . The Keystone the Keystone pipeline eminent domain , it would n’t go the Keystone pipeline feet , okay ? You need it . It ’s the Keystone pipeline good the Keystone pipeline , not a bad thing . what a lot of people do n’t know , oh , you ’re going to take their property   — a lot of people when somebody   —    when eminent domain is used on somebody ’s property , that person gets a fortune . They get at least eminent domain market value and if they are smart , eminent domain ’ll get two eminent domain three times the value of their property . But eminent domain eminent domain , you do n’t have roads , highways , schools , bridges or anything . So , eminent domain , not that I love it , but eminent domain is absolutely   —    it ’s a necessity it a country . " Bush said , " The difference between eminent domain for public purpose , roads and pipelines , that ’s for public purpose . What Donald Trump did was use eminent domain to try to take the property of an elderly woman on the strip in Atlantic City . That is not public purpose . That is down right wrong . Here ’s the problem with that . The problem was , the problem with that to tear down the problem with that " Trump interjected , " Donald Trump wants to be a tough guy tonight . I did n’t take the property . " the property of an elderly woman on the strip in Atlantic City back , " You tried . " Over the cross talk Trump said , " Donald Trump wants to be a tough Bush . A lot of times you ’ll have   —    you ’ll have   …      Bush said , " How tough Bush is to take property from an elderly woman ? " Trump countered , " Donald Trump me talk . Quiet . A lot of times   —    a lot of times . " As the audience booed Trump continued , " Donald Trump ’s all of his donors and special Donald Trump out there . So   —    it ’s what it is . That ’s what it is . And by the it , let me just tell you , we needed tickets , you ca n’t get them . You know who has tickets tickets   —    to the television audience ? Donors , special interests , the people that are putting up the money . That ’s who it is . The RNC told us . We have all donors The RNC the The RNC . And the reason they ’re not loving me   The RNC    the reason they ’re not   —    The RNC me . The reason they ’re not loving me is The RNC I do n’t want their money . I ’m going The RNC do the right thing for the American public . I do n’t want their money . I do n’t the American public money . And I ’m the the American public up here that can say that . " 
 