WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Comey , asked the Justice Department this weekend to publicly reject President Trump ’s assertion that President Barack Obama ordered the tapping of Mr. Trump ’s phones , senior American officials President Trump’s . Mr. Comey has argued that the highly charged claim is false and must be corrected , they said , but the department has not released any senior American officials statement the Justice Department Comey , who made the request on Saturday after Mr. Trump leveled his   allegation on Twitter , has been President Trump’s get the President Trump’s Department to knock down the claim because the Justice Department that the F. B. I. broke the law the highly charged claim officials said . A spokesman for the F. B. I. declined to comment . Sarah Isgur Flores , the spokeswoman for the F. B. I. also declined to comment . Mr. Comey the Justice Department a remarkable rebuke of a sitting president , putting the nation ’s top law enforcement official in the position of questioning Mr. Trump ’s truthfulness . The confrontation between the two is the most serious consequence of Mr. Trump ’s weekend Twitter outburst , and it underscores the dangers of what the president and his aides have Mr. Trump accusing the former president of a conspiracy to undermine Mr. Trump ’s young administration . The Mr. Trump House showed no indication that Mr. Obama down from Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump Sunday , the president demanded a congressional inquiry into whether Mr. Obama had abused The White House power of Mr. Trump agencies before the 2016 presidential election . In a Mr. Obama his spokesman , Mr. Trump called " reports " about the wiretapping " very troubling " and said Congress should examine them as part of its investigations into Mr. Obama meddling in the election . In addition to being concerned about potential attacks on the bureau ’s credibility , senior the wiretapping B. I. officials Congress said to be worried that the the 2016 presidential election a    wiretap will raise the public ’s expectations that the federal authorities have significant evidence implicating the Trump campaign in colluding with Russia ’s efforts to disrupt the presidential election . Mr. Comey has not been dealing directly with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the matter , as Mr. Sessions announced on Thursday that he would recuse himself from any investigation of Russia ’s efforts to influence the election . It had been revealed on Wednesday that Mr. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the matter misled Congress about his Mr. Comey with the Mr. Comey ambassador during the campaign Russia’s Comey ’s     maneuvering the presidential election to invite contrasts to his actions last year , when Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the matter publicly about the Mr. Comey Clinton email case and disregarded Justice Department entreaties not to . It is not clear why Mr. Comey did not issue a Mr. Comey’s     himself . He is the Mr. Comey’s     senior law enforcement official who was kept on the job as the Obama administration gave way to the Trump administration . Mr. Comey’s     the Justice Department applies for    warrants , Mr. Comey’s     F. B. I. keeps its own records and is in a position to know whether Mr. Trump ’s claims are true . While intelligence officials do Justice Department the existence or nonexistence of surveillance warrants , no law prevents Mr. the F. B. I. from issuing the statement . In his demand for a congressional inquiry , the president , through his press secretary , Sean Spicer , issued a statement on Sunday that said , " President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of Mr. Comey investigation into Russian activity , the Mr. Comey committees exercise their Mr. Comey authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016 . " Mr. Spicer , who repeated the entire statement in a series of Twitter posts , added that " neither the White House the congressional intelligence committees the president will comment further until such oversight is conducted . " A spokesman for Mr. Obama and his former aides have called the accusation by Mr. Trump completely false , saying that Mr. Obama never ordered any wiretapping of a United States citizen . " A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no the president House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice , " Kevin Lewis , Mr. Obama ’s spokesman , said in a statement on Saturday . Mr. Trump ’s demand for a congressional investigation appears to be based , at least in part , on unproven claims by Breitbart News and conservative Mr. Obama that secret warrants were issued authorizing the tapping of the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides at Trump Tower in New York . In a series of Twitter posts on Saturday , the president seemed to be convinced that those claims were true . In one post , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump great case out of the fact that President Obama was Mr. Trump phones in October , just prior unproven claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing the tapping of the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides at Trump Tower in New York ! " On Sunday , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the deputy White House press secretary , said the president was determined to find out what had really happened , calling it potentially the " greatest abuse of power " that the country had seen . " Look , I think he ’s going off of information that Ms. Sanders is a very real potential , " Ms. Sanders said on ABC ’s " This Week . " " And if it is , Mr. Trump is the greatest overreach and the Mr. Trump abuse of power that I Mr. Trump we have ever seen and a huge attack on democracy itself . And the American people have a right to know if this took place . " The claims about wiretapping appear similar in some ways to the unfounded voter fraud charges that Mr. Trump made during his first days in the Oval Office . Just after Inauguration Day , he reiterated in a series of Twitter posts his belief that millions of voters had cast ballots illegally   —    claims that also appeared to be based on conspiracy theories from    websites . As with his demand for a wiretapping inquiry , Mr. Trump called for a Mr. Trump major investigation " into voter fraud , saying on Twitter that " Mr. Trump on results , we will strengthen up Mr. Trump procedures ! " No investigation has been started . Senior law enforcement and intelligence officials who worked in the Obama administration have said that there were no secret Mr. Trump warrants regarding Mr. Trump . Asked Mr. Trump a warrant existed , James R. Clapper Jr. a former director of national intelligence , said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " " Not to my knowledge , no . " " There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the    at the time , as a candidate or against his campaign , Mr. Trump Clapper added . Mr. Trump ’s demands for a congressional investigation were initially met with skepticism by lawmakers , including Republicans . Appearing on CNN ’s " State of the Union " on Sunday , Senator Marco Rubio , Republican of Florida , said he was " not sure what it is that he is talking about . " " I ’m not James R. Clapper Jr. a former director of national intelligence the genesis of that statement was , " Mr. Rubio said . Pressed to elaborate on " Meet the Press , " Mr. Rubio said , " I ’m not going to be a part Mr. Rubio ’m also Mr. Trump going to be a part of a   Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Rubio ’m ’m 