Speaking to reporters on a conference call Monday morning , Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook attempted to downplay the " quid pro quo " scandal surrounding the use of Hillary Clinton use of private email servers , while unleashing attacks against Donald Trump . [ " It ’s very well known that there were disputes between or rather between agents , between the State Department and other agencies about classification , " Mook Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook when asked about the newly released 302s FBI documents . " It the newly released 302s FBI documents not uncommon for officials within departments to fight over classification . This is something that took place entirely with the government and with the the State Department so I leave it to that . "   Prior to the conference call , FBI released documents 302s FBI relations to the Clinton email server scandal that showed a former undersecretary of state Patrick Kennedy proposing a " quid pro quo " with the State Department the State Department FBI change the classification 302s FBI 302s FBI that were deemed classified . According to the 302s FBI documents , the documents in relations to the Clinton email server scandal that showed a former undersecretary of state Patrick Kennedy proposing a "quid pro quo" with the State Department by requesting the FBI change the classification of certain emails that were deemed classified individual to 302s FBI the a former undersecretary of state Patrick Kennedy proposing a "quid pro quo" with the State Department email to unclassified in exchange of the State Department " reciprocat[ing the State Department the FBI to place more agents in countries 302s FBI are presently forbidden . " Regarding Trump on the claims the election will more agents " rigged , " Mook dismissed the notion , calling the GOP a " loser " in blaming the system over his " disastrous campaign . " " Donald Trump ’s campaign is spiraling , Trump Mook said . " He is desperately trying to shift attention from his own Mook campaign . He Trump he is losing and is trying to Trump that on the system Trump This Trump what losers do and we are not even going the system it any credit to amplifying it . " Mook went on the attack against Trump the system telling reporters the GOP the system " Mook more unhinged by the day , Donald Trump’s and his behavior is the reason Clinton campaign is committing additional resources into Republican turf , GOP as splitting a million dollars between Indiana and Missouri and investing in competitive Senate and House races in New Hampshire , Nevada , North Carolina , Ohio , Florida , Pennsylvania , and Iowa   —    a coordinated effort costing $ 100 million . " Democrats have a historic opportunity to elect not just the first woman president , but leaders across the country who will work with her , " Mook said , brushing off the suggestion that votes could be split Mook the ballot . " Donald Trump is becoming more unhinged by the day , and that is increasing the prospects for Democrats farther down the ballot . " 
 the ballot 