Actress Rosario Dawson ripped the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic National Committee chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz while introducing Bernie Sanders at a rally in San Diego Tuesday night , telling the thousands of raucous attendees that the Vermont senator ’s presidential campaign has been an unqualified success in spite of the DNC ’s clear preference for frontrunner Hillary Clinton . [ " You ’re here because you ’re talking to each other , " the Daredevil actress told a    crowd at the San Diego Convention Center , " not because you ’re being encouraged by the DNC’s , not because you ’re being encouraged by the media , but because you ’re talking to each other . "    The     actress , who serves as chairwoman of the Latino voter outreach organization VotoLatino , warned attendees of the significance of the 2016 election : " If Bernie does n’t take this all the way , if we do n’t help him , net neutrality will be pushed back upon . " But Dawson said the most important thing for Sanders supporters to focus on as the contentious election season moves forward is getting the Vermont senator ’s message out while avoiding interference from the DNC , its the Vermont senator’s message " superdelegates , " and the party ’s polarizing chairwoman , Debbie Wasserman Schultz . " Deborah Debbie Wasserman Schultz the reason superdelegates exist is specifically to push back against grassroots organizing , " she told the Debbie Wasserman Schultz , apparently referencing comments the chairwoman made in a February interview with CNN . Rally attendees appeared to boo loudly at the mention of Wasserman Schultz ’s Debbie Wasserman Schultz So we need you now more than ever . We need to you to we the message and talk about our future , " the we added to enthusiastic Debbie Wasserman Schultz " The youth has been on the right side of history on every issue . " Later on , Dawson opined on Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , describing him as a " Ralph Nader Dawson   figure and saying that " as an independent , he ’s doing a service to Dawson Democrat Party right now . " " The Democratic Party , we have the Democrat Party , they ’ve the Democrat Party us , " the Democrat Party added the Democrat Party Sanders’ campaign the Democrat Party Dawson with the DNC in recent months , perhaps most memorably in December when a    Sanders campaign official was accused of accessing confidential voter information from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . The DNC blocked Sanders’ access to a critical the DNC database Sanders’ and the Vermont senator ’s campaign promptly responded by Sanders’ campaign announcing the lawsuit , Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver accused the DNC of attempting to " attack   Sanders heart and soul of our the DNC " Earlier this week , a federal judge gave Sanders’ campaign campaign a    window to show just cause for the lawsuit Sanders’ campaign face its dismissal . The same month , Breitbart News exclusively reported the lawsuit Clinton campaign Sanders’ campaign quietly made cash transfers to the DNC to fund the party Sanders’ campaign the South ahead of the " Super Tuesday " SEC primaries . And last month , rising Democrat star Rep. Tulsi Gabbard resigned her position as vice chairwoman of the party to formally endorse Sanders , so as to avoid a public conflict rising Democrat star Rep. Tulsi Gabbard interest with the DNC . the party’s up her nearly    speech Tuesday night by telling rally attendees that Sanders’ campaign represents a true " future to believe in rising Democrat star Rep. Tulsi Gabbard " " It is not a dream . It is a vision to believe in , and it is worth going for with all of our might , " It actress said . . @BernieSanders just    @rosariodawson It :   .    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) March 23 , 2016 ,   The rally in San Diego came on the heels of two more wins for Sanders in the Utah and Idaho Democratic primaries earlier Tuesday . Clinton won Arizona , and holds a commanding delegate lead over Sanders when the Democrats’ roughly 712 superdelegates   —    nearly all of whom are voting for Clinton   —    Sanders factored in . Sanders has drawn more    celebrities to appear with him at his campaign Clinton    Emily Ratajkowski introduced the candidate Sanders a University of New Hampshire rally in February Sanders while Sanders Susan Sarandon handled introductory remarks at a Sanders event in Iowa in June . Actors Sarah Silverman and Danny Glover have also introduced the candidate at campaign events Sanders 
 