Ted Cruz and Ted Cruz campaign directly engineered the statewide coup this weekend that led to    delegate candidates being voted down in districts that Ted Cruz won in landslides . [ Breitbart News has obtained evidence of documents produced by the Ted Cruz campaign that were handed out to people heading into district conventions in Georgia . One such document was an open letter from Cruz Ted Cruz Katie Frost for national delegate . Frost Katie Frost in the highly contentious third district . Trump supporter Debbie Dooley , who was voted down as delegate in the Cruz Ted Cruz , said that Cruz Ted Cruz friends with Frost Katie Frost .   " I am proud to support my friend Katie Frost as a delegate to the 2016 National Convention in Cleveland , " Cruz Ted Cruz in the letter . " Heidi and I have worked closely with Katie during this Presidential Campaign , traveling the country together and working in all sorts of venues and settings   …     Katie has Katie only become a valued team member , she has Katie become a dear friend of our family . " The Cruz Ted Cruz also printed suggested    delegate slates that were handed out to people entering the conventions , before the Cruz supporters started challenging    delegates from the floor and replacing them with delegates from the floor recommended    names .   Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver was voted down at her district Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver in favor of an     high school student who told her that Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver did Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver plan to vote for Trump on Trump second ballot . Seaver told Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver News that the student , William Clark , asked her for Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver when he was Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver out in the delegate process and " I told him the Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver . " The kicker ? " This gentleman even called me on the way to the convention because he was This gentleman difficulty finding the convention the convention Seaver said Former Trump campaign grassroots coordinator Jeanne Seaver Video shows that Dooley , anticipating the Cruz coup in the seventh district , said in her remarks that the results would be challenged by the Trump national campaign if the Cruz plot went through . 
 