Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had not even left yet for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump visit to Mexico on Wednesday morning when the mainstream media began declaring the mainstream media a failure . [ Politico ’s Anna Palmer and Jake Sherman , for example , wrote in Anna Palmer and Jake Sherman morning " Playbook " email :   TRUMP TO MEXICO   —    We know that the Mexican government is not interested in paying for Donald Trump ’s wall . In March , President Enrique Peña Nieto said that there was " no scenario " under which his country would fund the border envisioned by the Republican presidential candidate . In the same interview , President Enrique Peña Nieto called Donald Trump’s rhetoric " strident , " noting that kind of talk is how Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler rose to power .    …      We ’re not Latin America experts , but it seems like this meeting comes with tremendous downside for Trump Donald Trump’s First of all , he Donald Trump’s absolutely no negotiating power . Trump Donald Trump’s not been elected to anything , ever . And given Peña Nieto ’s past statements and his Peña Nieto approval ratings , it seems more than likely that , in this bit of stagecraft , Trump Donald Trump’s come up     —    which could cut away at the core of his Peña Nieto , which is that he Peña Nieto the dealmaker who never loses . The New York Times also did its The New York Times , reporting Trump Donald Trump’s impending visit under the headline : " Donald Donald Trump’s Visit Mexico After More Than a Year of Mocking It . Trump’s The Times The New York Times the visit was the " latest gamble for Mr. Trump and his struggling Donald Trump’s . " The Washington Post weighed in , too , predicting disaster . And CNN ’s    Henderson smugly assessed that Trump was Donald Trump’s his way to Henderson abroad .. Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) even feigned concern for Trump ’s Donald Trump’s " Pretty foolhardy for @reaDonaldTrump to take a break and travel outside the country and somehow elevate his stature "   —   @RepLindaSanchez @CNN ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) August 31 , 2016 , Trump shocked the Donald Trump’s world by announcing the visit on Tuesday night   —    less than 24 hours ahead of his immigration speech Donald Trump’s Arizona . Though the visit has political the visit —    President Nieto could try to embarrass him , and Donald Trump’s could make Donald Trump’s mistakes   —    the fact that it is happening at all is unquestionably a coup for the Republican nominee . It undercuts Hillary Donald Trump’s ’s attempt to portray Trump as a Donald Trump’s racist , and also shows Trump looking the Donald Trump’s of a president . The media clearly understand that , and are determined to undermine Trump as they Donald Trump’s Mitt Romney in The media . Romney had a firm grasp Mitt Romney foreign policy   —    he anticipated Russia ’s aggression Mitt Romney President Barack Obama mocked his concerns , for example President Barack Obama Yet the media hounded him when The media abroad during President Barack Obama summer President Barack Obama 2012 , playing up imaginary foreign policy mistakes , literally shouting at him that he was a failure President Barack Obama " President Barack Obama about your gaffes ? " one journalist famously yelled .   They are already trying to do the same with Trump , and are clearly eager to reassure the public that Hillary Clinton , too , will have her turn to meet the Mexican Hillary Clinton . There is only one problem : she has already been to Mexico Hillary Clinton and embarrassed herself . In 2009 , for Hillary Clinton , as the    Secretary of State , she used a visit to blame Hillary Clinton guns for violence in Mexico , setting up Operation Fast Mexico Furious , which ended in the death of U. S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . This post has been updated to add the New York Times , the Washington Post , and other sources . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 