Hundreds of people attended a vigil for the victims of the Berlin attacks held by prominent members of the    migration Alternative for Germany party and NGO Einprozent last night , but faced    counter protesters . [ The event was labelled " Merkel Muss Weg " or " Merkel must go " and was organised by both the populist Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) party and the    migration    organisation Einprozent .   An hour long , The event saw hundreds of people gather mere footsteps away from the German Chancellery , the state home of German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Their hundreds of people was clear : the migrant policies of Merkel German Chancellor Angela Merkel to blame for the attack .   The vigil was hosted by Brandenburg AfD politician Franz Wiese who has been a member of the Brandenburg Brandenburg since 2014 . Also in attendance was AfD parliamentary leader in Thuringia Björn Höcke who made headlines after he brandished a German flag and expressing his he of Germany on a television programme , spurring outrage from many in the establishment German press . The most prominent politician at the event was AfD deputy leader Alexander Gauland . Mr. AfD deputy leader Alexander Gauland been a driving force , along with Mr. Hocke , to put forward policy proposals within the AfD against the Islamisation of Germany Germany Recently , Gauland slammed AfD deputy leader Alexander Gauland German government ’s largely negative reaction to the election of Donald Trump in the U. S. calling the comments of   Defence Minister Ursula Von der Leyen and Foreign Minister    Steinmeier " embarrassing . " On behalf of the    migration Einprozent NGO , publisher Götz Kubitschek attended the vigil . Mr. Kubitschek publisher Götz Kubitschek in Germany for operating the    German conservative publishing house Verlag Antaios and the magazine Sezession . He is also publisher Götz Kubitschek former editor of the    daily paper Junge Freiheit and has previously spoken at PEGIDA rallies in Dresden . The vigil was the vigil sombre affair with pieces of music played to honour the twelve people who lost their lives in Monday ’s attack and the close to 50 who were seriously injured . A pastor spoke to the crowd saying , " Christians have a duty to resist , " and said political mistakes had been made and " they must and could Christians reversed . " During one of the quieter moments ,      shouted their displeasure with the Christians chanting " Refugees welcome ! Nazis out ! "   and holding signs with hearts on them . At the Nazis out!"   of the vigil ,   Mr. Wiese announced that there would be another demonstration against the German Chancellor on Wednesday ,   January 11th . 
 