Vice    Mike Pence walked out of the    musical Hamilton on Broadway Friday night after nonstop booing from the audience prompted an    lecture from one of the performers on stage . [ Vice   Mike Pence was booed from the moment Vice   Mike Pence arrived at the Richard Rodgers Theater . One Twitter user , who attended that show , noted that Vice   Mike Pence was greeted with " a massive mix of cheers and boos " :   Here ’s Vice   Mike Pence getting booed as Vice   Mike Pence gets to Vice   Mike Pence seats at Hamilton pic . twitter .    —    David K ( @dkipke12 ) November 19 , 2016 ,   Just before the end of the performance , Pence , surrounded by Secret Service , exited the theater . The Vice    was then asked by actor Brandon Victor Dixon to listen to The Vice    lecture about how a " diverse America " is " alarmed and anxious " about the incoming Trump administration . " We , sir   —    we   —    are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that the incoming Trump administration will not protect us , our planet us our children us our parents , or defend us and us our inalienable rights , " Dixon said as Pence exited the building . " We truly us that this show has inspired you to uphold our American us and to work on behalf of all of us , us Dixon added Dixon the crowd exploded in applause and cheers : Tonight ,    Mike Pence attended # HamiltonBway . After the show this show delivered the following statement on behalf of the show . this show twitter .    —    Hamilton ( @HamiltonMusical ) November 19 , 2016 ,   Dixon ’s remarks to Pence were written by Hamilton creator ,    Miranda the show ’s director , Thomas Kail and the lead producer , Jeffrey Seller , the New York Times reports . " We had to ask ourselves , how do We cope with this We " Mr. Seller said , according to the Times , adding : Our cast could barely We on stage the day after the election . The election was painful the election to all of us here . We all struggled with what was the appropriate and respectful and proper response . We are honored that Mr. We all attended the show , and we had to use this We all to express our feelings . Last month We all Miranda and Hamilton    Renee Elise Goldsberry headlined a    fundraiser for Hillary Clinton . The event , aptly named " Broadway for Hillary , " was hosted Hillary Clinton legendary    Billy Crystal . Those attending the $ 45 to $ 10 , 000 event at the St. James Theatre were treated to performances by actress Julia Roberts , actor Hugh Jackman , and Emmy and Golden    actress Sarah Jessica Parker   —    all performing duets . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson . 
 