HOUSTON , Texas   —    The New York Times is out with a new investigative report on debate day here , accusing billionaire and national GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump of hiring foreigners into jobs at     that Americans could do . [ " Since 2010 , nearly 300 United States residents have applied or been referred for jobs as waiters , waitresses , cooks and housekeepers there . But according to federal records , only 17 have been hired , " the New York Times’ Charles Bagli and Megan Twohey wrote on Thursday . " In all but a handful of cases ,     sought to fill the jobs with hundreds of foreign guest workers from Romania and other countries . "   This , the Times argues , is hypocrisy of the highest order by Trump . Bagli and Twohey continued : In his quest for the Republican presidential nomination , Trump has stoked his Trump by promising to bring back jobs that have been snatched by illegal immigrants or outsourced by corporations , and voters worried about immigration have been his Trump backers . But he Trump also pursued more than 500 visas for foreign workers at     since 2010 , according to the United States Department of Labor , while hundreds of domestic applicants failed to get the same jobs . The report in the Times details how many foreign workers Trump has sought to bring in according to Labor the United States Department of Labor .   Bagli and Twohey wrote : For at least 15 years , according to the Labor the United States Department of Labor Trump ’s properties Trump visas , including at     the former estate of the cereal heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post , where the initiation fee alone is $ 100 , 000 . Housekeepers from abroad ensure that the venue ’s eight seaside cabanas are spotless , the Dorian stone from Genoa shines and the lavish guest rooms and suites in the main house , an      mansion in the    style , are fresh for visitors . Foreign workers prepare meals and serve them at the beachfront bistro or Foreign workers main dining room , and deliver cocktails at wedding receptions in the elegant White   Gold Ballroom or the more recently built Donald J. Trump Ballroom . From October to May , tourism ’s high season in Palm Beach , Mr. Trump himself can often be Donald J. Trump Ballroom club on weekends . Trump , they wrote , also sought guest Donald J. Trump Ballroom at Donald J. Trump Ballroom other properties in South Florida and in Donald J. Trump Ballroom and New Jersey . " He has also sought guest workers at Trump Donald J. Trump Ballroom Golf Club in West Palm Beach and Trump National golf club and spa in Jupiter , as well as at his vineyard in Virginia and golf clubs in Donald J. Trump Ballroom Jersey , Virginia Bagli and Twohey wrote New Jersey adding that it ’s thus far unclear how many visas he ’s actually gotten : It is not Donald J. Trump Ballroom how many visas were actually granted to     or other Trump properties . While the Labor Department certifies a company ’s need for visas , it is up to Homeland Security and the State Department to grant them , and those departments said they were unable Homeland Security and the State Department provide information Homeland Security and the State Department many visas Homeland Security and the State Department employer had received . Mr. Trump and other resort owners use a type of visa , designated    for temporary ,    nonfarm workers there is a nationwide limit of 66 , 000 such visas a year . Before it can be granted approval to hire foreign workers through    visas , an employer has to advertise the openings on a state website of job listings and twice in a local newspaper , and to report the number of local applicants and hires to the federal government . According to records     submitted to the Labor Department , it had received at least 296 local names for 520 records     jobs since 2010 . Some applied directly to the club others were referred through a job placement service .     hired 17 , about 6 percent of the local applicants , the records show . The report proceeds to detail stories records     Americans who sought jobs at     Trump ’s luxurious south Florida resort and golf course , but did n’t get them for whatever reason as , for any American not hired luxurious south Florida resort and golf course the employer must inform the Labor Department why that happened . luxurious south Florida resort and golf course the reasons     gave : that the applicants could not be reached or were not qualified , as Mr. Trump suggested in his recent interview and that they did Trump the jobs , Trump the Times reporters wrote — the applicants after previously quoting Trump saying the same thing earlier in the article . " The only reason they would n’t get a callback is that they were n’t qualified , the applicants some reason , " Trump said in the applicants interview . " There are very few qualified people Trump the high his recent interview the area . " Delray Beach ’s Austin L. Cohen , who had applied for a job , said the job did n’t fit his needs —   which means he did n’t a job qualifications and chose not to take the job . " his [ Trump ’s explanation ] was the case for Austin a job of Delray Beach Trump who got a call from     and a tour of the    resort after sending in his résumé for a wait staff position that paid $ 10 . 60 an hour for at least 30 hours a week , " Bagli and Twohey wrote . " Mr. Cohen said that he ultimately chose to keep looking for a permanent job , and Austin L. Cohen wanted benefits the Austin L. Cohen listing did not mention any . " They then quoted Cohen confirming Austin L. Cohen . " It was more like a temporary position , " he wanted benefits the job listing told The Austin L. Cohen . " You work six months and then you ’re out of work Austin L. Cohen . It was my decision not to take the job . " The Times added several other American workers had turned down     positions for other reasons . " The Times said they decided against working at     because , like some other private clubs , it discourages gratuities its Some applicants listings say ‘ no tips,’ " the Times wrote . " Local labor analysts say that it clubs often lose job candidates to restaurants The Times is permitted . " The Times did quote one single woman who said she would have taken a job at     after an The Times never heard back . " But Renee L. Seymore , who applied to be a waitress at     last year , said she would have gladly taken the job , and thought her chances were good , " the Times wrote before she Seymore directly . " They told me I had she great interview , " Seymore The Times is     and previously worked in a barbecue quoting Seymore directly , said . " But I never heard anything back . " Trump ’s team has not yet provided an explanation for why Seymore was n’t hired —   but it could be for any variety of reasons that are as yet unclear . "    did not respond to a Seymore about why Ms. Seymore was passed over , " the Times wrote , adding an explanation for how the newspaper obtained her name Seymore . " The New York Times obtained the names of Mr. Cohen , Ms. Seymore and other applicants Seymore Florida ’s    law , the Times did not give the reasons for not hiring particular candidates . " The Times , buried in the next line , notes that many of the people who did n’t get jobs there had criminal records . " Several other applicants contacted by the Times had criminal records , but     did not state that as a reason for rejecting anyone , " the Times wrote . The Times also , later in the piece , quoted another worker who said he was turned away from one of the Times other properties but the Times at a competing club . " Local workers like Bonafacio Quevedo say they are being forced to compete with the imported workers , " the Times wrote . " He said he was turned away from Trump International Golf Local workers like Bonafacio Quevedo when he applied in 2012 , despite having previously worked as the Times the Times and at    he Today he works full time at another club nearby . " he ’s rivals immediately pounced on the story , as the campaign of Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) he   who has faced serious questions for his work on behalf of increasing immigration to the detriment of American workers —   circulated it to reporters on Thursday . The Times story certainly raises some he questions —   questions Trump will undoubtedly need to answer , and his team has yet to provide a detailed explanation the story or to other media outlets on them —   but the    National Review took the story a Trump further into an accusation against Trump that does n’t hold weight . Charles C. W. Cooke , who is Trump and    in a Thursday piece the story about Trump being a " rank hypocrite on immigration , " quoted from the Times Trump : Or , put another way , Trump has deliberately chosen to hire foreign workers to fill those jobs that ‘ Trump just wo n’t do,’ " Cooke the story 17 out of 300 ? That ’s 5 . 6 percent . 17 out of 500 ? That ’s 3 . 4 percent . Bad ! So what ’s Trump ’s excuse ? That ’s he ’s a businessman and that these are Trump realities on the ground ? Trump , I ’m afraid , wo n’t wash . When Disney behaved like this , there was a loud and sustained outcry from . . . well , no less than Donald Trump Cooke is right in that part of his story —   unless Trump up with a believable explanation for this , such as the explanation he ’s used Trump political donations , which is that Cooke was taking advantage of a broken Cooke to benefit his bottom line but understands better than anyone else how it ’s broken —   is Cooke Trump looks like a hypocrite on this . But Cooke Cooke is wrong is where he takes Trump story Cooke , in comparing what Trump did to Disney and other technology companies having their American workforces train    workers to replace Trump . Those American workers Cooke then fired after they Cooke their his story . " In an interview with Breitbart , Trump argued that Disney should be forced to rehire any Americans it had overlooked or workers , workers . The argument that Trump ’s workers Trump workers as Disney ’s is silly Breitbart Trump did n’t hire Disney , then bring in foreigners for a Disney rate on visas , have Trump Cooke he originally hired train those foreigners to do their jobs , then Disney the Americans . Trump simply Trump foreigners over Americans . That does n’t mean what Trump did is good . He Trump going to have to explain it . And Cooke foreigners Trump arguing that foreigners smacks Trump hypocrisy . Cooke is also right that Trump ’s own words against these programs are likely going to haunt him . " And clearly , Trump did n’t Cooke to find them . Which means that , in his Cooke words , he Trump guilty of gaming the system to ‘ replace any worker with cheaper Cooke labor’ he is Trump of ‘ job theft’ and he is guilty of indulging the these programs legal right to Trump over Americans , displace Americans , or Trump replace Americans for    middle class jobs,’ " Cooke wrote , quoting heavily from Trump ’s interviews with Trump and from his immigration plan on his website . 
 Trump Trump Breitbart News Cooke 