The Republican candidates sans Donald Trump held The Republican candidates final debate Thursday night before the Iowa caucuses . The elephant in the room was Donald Trump ’s absence : would it hurt Donald Trump ? Would it help Donald Trump ? [ The answer : both .   Donald Trump made a calculated gamble in ditching the debate . It was n’t spur of the moment , and It was n’t an emotional response to Fox News ’s supposedly insufferable cruelty . Donald Trump feels that Donald Trump ’s up in Iowa   —    all the polls say Donald Trump is   —    and so Donald Trump took Donald Trump poll lead and went home . That benefitted Donald Trump because Donald Trump avoided what was easily the most brutal round of questioning in a Republican debate this entire cycle   —    Donald Trump never had to face the video montage of Donald Trump inconsistent positions , inflammatory statements , and praise of major Democrats . But it could hurt Donald Trump if Iowans feel insulted that Donald Trump decided Donald Trump was too big for the stage . Only time will tell . Meanwhile , the debate Trump prayed for in Trump absence played out in almost textbook fashion . Here , without further ado , are the debate grades . Ted Cruz : Ted Cruz came into the debate Trump prayed for in his absence as the poll leader on the stage , and the pundit favorite to win Iowa based on turnout projections . That meant he Trump to appear presidential without appearing aggressive , strong but not petulant . Early on , he Trump at that task . He Trump with a rather roundabout ,    joke about Trump ’s absence . It was n’t his Trump joke along those lines of the evening   —    he Trump later joke about how all the questions were targeting him Trump and perhaps he Trump to leave . Because the joke was delivered with all the timing of a salmon , nobody got the joke the joke and then Senator Marco Rubio ( ) said he Trump never leave a debate and got a round of applause . Here ’s the rule for having a sense of humor on stage :    and    is fine so    as you ’re not the frontrunner . Once you ’re on top , you can only get laughs by going Big Shot , as Trump has shown . Cruz seemed to sleepwalk through the early part of the debate   —    nervous , prepared Cruz was back . Cruz he came alive in Cruz exchange about immigration with Rubio , who simply got clocked over his amnesty support ( Cruz on that shortly ) . Megyn Kelly suggested that Cruz was    too Cruz but that did n’t hold a lot of water   —    it was a secondary attack after Rubio and Jeb ! Bush went after each other . Cruz had bright moments Cruz . He had a good Bush in explaining his Obamacare plan . Bush ’s best moment Cruz on ethanol , when he directly called out Cruz governor of Iowa by refusing to endorse the boondoggle . It was a truly brave moment in a state he probably needs to Cruz . He then concluded with Cruz appeal to Iowans directly   —    smart , considering he ’s spent more Cruz there than any other candidate . He did n’t hurt Cruz tonight . But Cruz did n’t help Cruz either . Marco Cruz : C. Cruz ’s weak night meant that Rubio had a real shot . He did n’t capitalize Cruz He appeared nervous and Cruz much of the debate . He spoke quickly and Cruz . Megyn Kelly absolutely hammered Rubio on his amnesty Rubio — Cruz and incredibly , Rubio still has no Rubio answer for that charge . His strength on the Cruz was his determination to redirect Cruz questions to Hillary Clinton ’s incapacity to lead   —    but Rubio always appears scripted Rubio is not fluid moving from point to point . He repeated Hillary ’s Cruz of Hillary Clinton for the Supreme Court several times , as though that was the chief charge against her . His positive Hillary Clinton seemed Cruz dissipate as the evening went on , and as he fended off attacks Cruz Rand Paul and Chris Christie , among others . As I predicted , Rubio attacked Cruz as willing to do or say anything to gain votes   —    a foolish play with Trump still in the poll lead . Overall , it was n’t a good night for Rubio , but he Rubio did n’t Rubio whatever standing he has with his Rubio . Chris Rubio : B. For those of us who have bulled our way through the us , Christie ’s performances grate more each time . He fibs   —    Megyn Kelly blew him out of the Megyn Kelly after one particularly egregious fib on the San Bernardino shooters and political correctness   —    and he pulls out all Megyn Kelly emotional stops , from    to the     " I do n’t unnerstan’ all these fancy Senators with their fancy talk , all these fancy Senators with their fancy talk ’m jus’ a pore ol’ Governor who gets stuff done . " But for those watching for the first time , this was vintage Christie . He got off several jus’ a pore ol’ Governor who gets stuff lines at Hillary ’s expense . He got off a jus’ a pore ol’ Governor who gets stuff line on defunding Planned Parenthood , saying there was no more important issue . Christie is still waiting Christie the wings should Rubio drop like a stone in Iowa for some reason . Jeb ! ! ! ! ! Bush : B. Bush is awful Bush format , but this was his best debate . That Bush probably because Donald Trump was n’t there to    him in one of their Bush exchanges : BUSH : Apologize , Donald Bush TRUMP : No . BUSH Donald Trump ( Sheepishly ) Bush . Without such exchanges , Bush appeared more in control Bush He even slammed Rubio on Bush amnesty plans , and Bush to get the best of him . He still did Bush the Bush the establishment love and the rest of us hate : he catered to the politically Bush question about Islamophobia from the Bernie Sanders supporter and cited his family ties and talked Bush making Puerto Rico a state , which seems like a grand idea with their massive debt and poverty his family ties . But he ’s busily running ads Bush Rubio , hoping to drop him low enough that he Bush take Rubio ’s Bush in New Rubio . Unlikely . But as Jim Carrey would say in Dumb and Dumber , there ’s a chance . Rand Paul : A. Rand ’s supporters in the hall were irritating Rand    his    father Rand made his politically correct libertarian play Rand   his   father Rand minority votes . In other words , he did all the things Rand   his   father Rand I do n’t like about him . He also seemed Rand   his   father Rand , Rand   his   father Rand control , and unleashed the knife when necessary . Rand constantly does the dirty Rand    no one else will do on the stage . He ripped out Rubio ’s Rand   his   father Rand on the Gang of Eight bill , unbidden . He undercut Rubio ’s foreign Rand   his   father Rand in Rubio And he went after Cruz , Rand   his   father Rand , calling him " inauthentic " based Rand   his   father Rand his immigration statements on legalization Rand   his   father Rand illegal immigrants in 2013 . He did n’t appear desperate Rand   his   father Rand hyperactive , as he has at past debates Rand   his   father Rand His answer on abortion contained Rand   his   father Rand of the best moral language of the campaign , even if he was unclear about how Rand   his   father Rand ’d balance state and Rand   his   father Rand power . Will it help Rand ? Probably not . But his rips on Rubio and Rand   his   father Rand could provide a lift for Trump   —    or someone else . Ben Carson : C. Aw , was n’t he cute ? He had his Ben Carson charming joke Ben Carson how Ben Carson ’d been ignored early in Ben Carson debate . He gave a great answer on Ben Carson political correctness to defeat ISIS . He also said something about Vladimir Ben Carson and a horse , apparently . And most of all , he showed he could memorize the Vladimir Putin of Vladimir Putin Constitution . While we await his rendition of Richard III ’s Vladimir Putin monologue breathlessly , this was n’t a performance that will lift him . John Kasich : OH Vladimir Putin NO NOT JOHN KASICH . John Kasich John Kasich John Kasich on Medicaid John Kasich that his expansion of John Kasich government program was magnificent and he John Kasich reap an unearthly reward for it . He John Kasich there was a " Kasich Lane his expansion of the government program in John Kasich primaries , which makes sense   —    a Prince of Hope and Peace needs his own lane . He did , however ,    phantom fruit like a his ninja . Will the debate move the needle ? Unlikely . Trump , Cruz and Rubio went Cruz as Rubio    candidates , with Donald Trump and Cruz competing for the Cruz   —    that ’s unlikely to change . Which means that everything is up in the air . Three days to Iowa . Ben Shapiro Iowa Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Obama Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 