Arizona GOP Senator John McCain ’s reelection campaign is lashing out with negative attacks against Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s Republican primary opponent , State Senator Dr. Kelli Ward , as new polling shows trouble for Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s attempt for a sixth Senate term . [ A new poll from Public Policy Polling ( PPP ) shows Dr. Ward and Senator Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s at 41 percent in a     matchup . The poll A new poll from Public Policy Polling (PPP) more bad news for McCain , Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s the aging Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s a 35 percent approval among Republican primary voters .   With such high negatives , it ’s no surprise McCain A new poll from Public Policy Polling (PPP) campaign would Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s from ignoring Ward to attacking her . Their goal , Ward , is to make Ward more unpopular than McCain Ward hope that Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s    vote does n’t coalesce behind the energetic State Senator with a proven conservative record in Arizona ’s statehouse . A campaign mailer sent to Arizona primary voters from McCain Arizona campaign obtained by Breitbart News features a scary looking jihadist and attempts to insinuate that Dr. Ward is the candidate Ward for terrorists . Hit mail   . pdf by Wynn Marlow ,   McCain ’s campaign is also receiving McCain’s the increasingly marginalized # NeverTrump pity party . RedState attacked Ward for being insufficiently hostile to Ward Trump ’s candidacy and the Washington Free Beacon tried to question her    bonafides . The alliance with # NeverTrump could backfire on Senator McCain in a state where    McCain’s Trump and Trump the state with more than 47 percent of the vote . McCain is in a conundrum over Trump , McCain’s after Trump ’s comments early in the Arizona last year about his wartime record the vote in Arizona ’s difficult for McCain’s 2008 GOP presidential Trump to back the Trump presumptive nominee . Nonetheless , McCain has tepidly backed Trump now that he McCain’s the presumptive nominee . So while McCain’s can exploit McCain from the right on the matter , McCain’s U. S. Senate Candidate Trump Arizona Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick is hammering the 2016 presumptive nominee left —   running ads McCain’s on him to renounce Trump .   The McCain campaign is trying to keep the focus McCain’s their attacks on Ward . Another video that says it is paid for by Trump Democratic U. S. Senate Candidate in Arizona Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick of John McCain " attempts to portray Dr. Ward McCain’s    conspiracy theorist by branding The McCain campaign as " chemtrail Kelli " .   After her State Senate office had received numerous questions about chemtrails , Dr. Ward facilitated Ward between constituents concerned about chemtrails and experts who Ward what was really going on   —    Ward a controversy . McCain can sling a lot of mud Ward more than $ 10 million his campaign has raised so far , with more likely on the way given his deep connections to political insiders and GOP money men . Expect this race to get a lot rougher if McCain keeps rising in the polls . Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for McCain News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or Facebook 
 McCain 