Actor Viggo Mortensen , an early supporter of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ’s presidential campaign , has revealed Actor Viggo Mortensen, an early supporter of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders will not vote for the Democrats’ presumptive nominee , Hillary Clinton , in November and will instead cast Actor Viggo Mortensen, an early supporter of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders vote for Green Party candidate Jill Stein . [ " If you want a woman then vote for Green Party candidate Jill Stein , " the     Lord of the Rings star told the Daily Beast in an interview published Saturday . " If you really want a woman president   —    if that ’s what you want   —    vote for Jill Green Party candidate Jill Stein "   Mortensen went on to add that he trusts Mortensen " about as much " as he trusts Mortensen GOP nominee Donald Trump . " I think she ’s presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump , I do n’t think she has presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump interests of working people at heart , and I think she ’s presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump that time and again , " he told Mortensen Beast . " All the things that Bernie Sanders said about her I presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump with . " While Mortensen wo n’t vote for Clinton , Clinton certainly Mortensen n’t cast a vote for Trump , who is expected to formally accept the Republican presidential nomination at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week . The actor told the Beast of Trump : " He ’s The actor saying in cruder terms what really started with Reagan , but then took flight with Gingrich in ’94 : the polarizing ,    rhetoric of the Republican Party for the last several decades is coming home to roost . Trump is Trump logical conclusion . He ’s Trump very nuanced in his diatribes Trump but he ’s Trump saying anything very different than what [ Paul ] Ryan , [ John ] Boehner , [ Dick ] Cheney , and [ Mitch ] McConnell are saying . All of these guys have been engaging in the same divisive , racist politics . " Mortensen , who stars in this month ’s Captain Fantastic , formally endorsed Sanders in a November interview with Democracy Now . Sanders effectively dropped out of the presidential race by endorsing Clinton during a New Hampshire campaign stop earlier this month . " I wish that Bernie Sanders Sanders president , for many reasons , " Mortensen told the outlet then . " I think in many ways he speaks truth Mortensen power . " Read Mortensen ’s Mortensen Mortensen the Daily Beast here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 