Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly , Girls star and showrunner Lena Dunham , Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones , Buzzfeed     Ben Smith ,    host Jimmy Fallon and Grammy    musician Alicia Keys are among those featured in Hollywood trade publication Variety‘s 2016 " New Power of New York " list . [ The outlet ’s list , which spotlights the " movers and shakers upending the entertainment business in Manhattan and beyond , " was released Tuesday and also features former First Daughter Chelsea Clinton , CNN anchor Don Lemon , actresses Michelle Williams and Kate McKinnon , documentary filmmakers Laura Poitras and Alex Gibney and Donald Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka Trump .   Honorees like Dunham , Kelly , Jones and Smith each received short tributes written by Honorees like Dunham, Kelly, Jones and Smith each fellow media colleagues . Girls    Jenni Konner penned the tribute to Dunham . " Things you may not know that Lena loves : injured dogs , wallpaper , the moment Lena ’s allowed to change into Lena own clothes after a nude scene , apologizing when Lena ’s done something Lena knows merits it , pissing off men who remind Lena of Lena grandpa , buying tons of tiny things for my kids , justice , babies , " Konner wrote of Lena collaborator on the HBO program . " Lena still has some secrets . Lena might share some secrets with you one day . Or maybe Lena ’ll keep some secrets to Lena . Either way , Lena still has a hell of a lot left to say , " Konner added . Kelly   —    who was honored at Variety‘s " Power of Women " luncheon in New York earlier this year   —    received a tribute written by Judge Judy Scheinlin , of Judge Judy fame . " Kelly  —   who was honored at Variety‘s is one of those rare women who seamlessly combines professional excellence and family , " Scheinlin wrote of the Fox News host . " I think Megyn has the talent to do anything she Megyn to do . She Megyn a star and she Megyn still growing . I ’m as old as Methuselah . She Megyn a kid . Her Megyn are only limited by her Megyn . " Meanwhile , Pulitzer    New Yorker editor David Remnick lauded Buzzfeed ’s Ben Smith , whom he called " politically astute and personally intelligent " Dunham celebrated actress Leslie Jones , calling her Megyn presence on Saturday Night Live " witty , wise and utterly original " and Bill Clinton praised his Bill Clinton Chelsea for taking a " leading role in modernizing our operations " at the Clinton Foundation . View Variety‘s complete " New Power New York " list here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 