On Friday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM , veteran pollster Pat Caddell explained that the Ford Motor Company ’s decision to move the Ford Motor Company’s manufacturing to Mexico has brought the nationalism vs. globalism debate into sharp focus for the electorate . [ Caddall noted that Donald Trump pulling to within three points of Hillary Clinton in Michigan   —    a state that went Democrat in the last six elections , by 10 and 16 points for Barack Obama   —    shows that 2016 is a " national election " more so than we ’ve had in a long time .   " Everyone in the political world and the mainstream media thinks that politics only began in 2008 or 2004 . So that every election , the states are organized and there are only a handful of states that matter . No , this every election taking place nationally , and the movement that ’s been going on has been going on everywhere , " Caddell told Breitbart     and SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . LISTEN : " In all of these midwestern states , where there are    workers , where there are people who have been disadvantaged , you particularly see this race closing up from particularly what it was this race after the conventions , " he observed .   " In Wisconsin and in Michigan   —    these are places that in early August , kind of the conventional wisdom said , ‘ Oh , these states these gone!’ And so , all of a sudden , all the ‘ these play , and then the states that were never in play , supposedly , some of them   —    we do n’t these polling everywhere   —    but like in Maine it ’s very close Trump is ahead in the one district . " " Even in red states , it ’s a closer race , with it ahead for the most part , Trump it has been traditionally , " Caddell it out , as further evidence that a major political realignment is in progress . Caddell looked at recent news about Ford Caddell Company moving its    manufacturing to Mexico as " Ford Motor Company real here in politics " for voters to chew on regarding " the continual trend that both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump " have pointed out about trade . He continued : This is one of Caddell kind of changing issues of our time , because it ’s now related to the economy This jobs , globalism versus nationalism , all of these things are at work here . Ford is building a $ 4 . 3 or $ 4 . 7 billion facility in Mexico to build cars . These wo n’t be the only cars they ’re going to build when they These this . They are , These a way , These Trump ’s point , but using it in a way to get out of the country . This is the onslaught of these corporations and so forth whose interests are not their workers’ or the American people ’s whose interests And the fact [ is ] that they fear Donald Trump , as they the onslaught of these corporations and so forth whose interests are not their workers’ or the American people , Trump is deadly serious the onslaught of these corporations and so forth whose interests are not their workers’ or the American people has been for Trump years about the way this economy is being played . To me , I thought his line was a devastating line : the Trump where it used to be Michigan made cars and his line feared Mexican water , and now we have , you know , Mexico makes the cars and we fear Michigan water . This is something we in Michigan society . More than anything else , it drives this election . Yesterday Trump gave a strong economic speech , talking about the one thing that we must have in this country . And I do n’t know Trump program will do it , but he knows Trump that is his his program . We Trump got to do something Trump because if we continue on this path of one and maybe We percent growth rates we will not be able to finance our country We We will not be able to Trump defense , We particularly [ we ] ca n’t We with the deficit . The We important thing in America is , we must have three or four percent economic growth again We By making that a centerpiece , whether his plans actually will get is there is not the point . It is , how do we unleash America ’s economic abilities . And I think he ’s America strong point here : it ’s very his to do that when you ’re not making anything , when you ’re outsourcing all of your manufacturing , and plus with it all of those manufacturing jobs . Look , this is where the elite could care less . You think that those people sitting in their ivy towers along the Potomac , in the elite media the elite the lobbyists , do you think they care what ’s happening to the auto worker or the those people sitting in their ivy towers along the Potomac, in the elite media and the lobbyists of Ford and Michigan any more than they cared about the employees of Carrier Air Conditioning ? The the auto worker or the subcontractors of Ford and Michigan is no . They keep telling us how much better off we are . the auto worker or the subcontractors of Ford and Michigan ’s another one of these , " us you believe your own lying eyes or me ? " I ’m not surprised it ’s a big issue . That ’s a real issue It That ’s a    thing happening to us , just like what ’s happening in the Middle East us with Iran , which continues to go on a rampage against us , including threatening our aircraft and ships and so forth , since we signed us great nuclear deal that was going to make us wonderful . Marlow proposed that while Trump seems to have pulled into the lead in the popular vote , judging by national polling averages , the Electoral College map still looks difficult for him . Caddell agreed that Trump ’s path to victory was Trump tighter , " because Trump can count on    electoral vote jackpots like New York , California , and Illinois , " big population states "   —    but added that in states like Illinois , he suspected the race was " closer than anyone expects it Trump be . " He explained : If you take the race states where Trump has Trump ahead in more than one poll   —    Florida , Iowa where he ’s eight points ahead , which was a big Obama Trump , helped spring him to the White House in the caucus , it was Trump for him , in Ohio where he ’s now up there in Trump polls at least , Trump consistently showing Trump ahead . You put those in his column , and Trump suddenly very close to being Trump to   — Trump if he can hold the Romney states , he suddenly is on Trump path to be very , very Trump , around 260 [ electoral votes ] a little over 260 . It really comes down to , he must hold North Carolina , in my opinion , because Trump think Virginia is a very tough state , even though polls show it 3 points , because of what I call the political class suburbs of Washington   —    the home of the media , the whole thing   …      the Muslims , a lot of immigrants coming in . And so therefore , I think Virginia ’s a tougher state . If he could take Pennsylvania or Virginia can take some other , smaller combination of states , he he a chance to   —    the path looks close he It looks a whole lot different than it did a week or ten days ago . By the way It I think this election is by no means decided . The damage Hillary took , which we talked about the day before yesterday , is still not acknowledged . When I look at the    shifts in people since late August , a    increase or so in the people who said Hillary Clinton is physically not able to have the ability to be Hillary Her transparency problems , Quinnipiac has a poll , their latest poll , Hillary shows 2 points in the    race and Quinnipiac been trailing behind   —    he ’s winning on the issue of transparency , who ’s more transparent Quinnipiac by 17 points at   . I mean , that ’s a huge gap . That has the media hysterical . Caddell noted millennial voters appear quite turned off by Clinton ’s honesty issues , but so far they seem to be " voting heavily for Johnson and Stein , " millennial voters    candidates in the race . " That is where those candidates are really hurting her , " he said , suggesting the defection of such voters to Clinton parties might Caddell why the race remains close on some key issues , including terrorism and the the race With apologies for the pun , Caddell wondered if Clinton ’s campaign is dealing with an " infection , " in the form of voter trust breaking down after her health crisis and " basket of deplorables " comment the previous weekend . Clinton described the latter as a " critical mistake . " He had a Caddell warning for Trump about the possibility of killing his Trump Caddell a critical mistake of his own : swallowing the " poison Caddell " of returning to questions about Caddell whether Barack Barack Obama born in the United States . " Caddell explained that the media has been " intensifying " attacks on Caddell ’s character to mitigate the damage Clinton Trump suffered on corruption and Trump , but " so far that has Clinton worked . " Returning to the birther issue could give the media the opening it wants to reframe the election narrative around Trump ’s character . the media Democrats are in a panic . They ’re Trump " he said . " Remember , Trump ’s not just running against Hillary The Democrats Trump the Democratic party Trump’s character or the Trump He is running against the media Hillary . " Marlow echoed Caddell ’s concerns about Trump media " baiting Caddell on Marlow birther the media while protecting Trump from collateral damage by refusing to discuss her role in originating that entire line of the birther issue bitter Clinton primary campaign against Obama . Barack Obama mentioned Clinton host Laura Ingraham ’s comment on Fox News the Clinton Caddell that Clinton , if elected , would have " unbridled " power , " appointing every federal judge , every prosecutor Clinton the country , every agency head . " " This the country problem of trying to understand what a larger sense what corruption , institutional corruption is , and putting that in play . And at the same time , obviously , she will be the least transparent President in history . She will be the most protected . She will make Richard Nixon look like an Laura Ingraham’s book . And that is just the truth of Laura Ingraham’s . People need to think this Laura Ingraham’s . Do you really want her , with that kind of power , being deployed that way ? " he asked . Caddell granted that Clinton " looked good yesterday Laura Ingraham’s during a public appearance , Caddell which she " did not give a Richard Nixon speech Clinton it was obviously prepared . " " Her talking very shortly about Clinton health , very quick thing , it was n’t a long speech . She took Clinton few questions on it Clinton I would hardly say she was    by the traveling press with her Clinton " he noted . " They think well , a long speech that Clinton will go away . We will see Clinton The whole plan is , and    think they ’ve the traveling press ta do this , to hope that she has a vigorous and a successful debate appearance , and the health thing goes the traveling press . The problem is , Clinton ’s against that image in people ’s minds , that video . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 The problem m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the full audio of the interview above . 
 