WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , once the master pitchman for namesake vodka , steaks and    casinos , seems disinclined to attach his surname to the health care bill some allies have derided as " Ryancare . " his surname assured Americans on Thursday of the " improvements being made " to legislation that Speaker Paul D. Ryan initially suggested would scarcely change , amid grumblings that the White House is fuming over the plan ’s    rollout . And Speaker Paul D. Ryan , his surname ’s    partner in the endeavor after a year of campaign criticisms and mistrust , is insisting that all is going according to plan . " I would say that there is no intrigue , palace intrigue , divisions between the principals , " Mr. Ryan Speaker Paul D. Ryan on Thursday , allowing that perhaps some "   staffers " felt differently . " We have a president , " he added , a president a fluency in the language of Trump , " who likes closing deals . " For months , the halting union of Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan has Speaker Paul D. Ryan stark divide in political ideology and style   —    a mutual acknowledgment , at least so far , that each man was critical to the other ’s outsize governing ambitions . But with the health care bill staggering through the House , its fate uncertain , the health care bill alliance is facing an essential test , as White House officials and the House stare down the prospect of failing at their first major legislative heave their alliance In less than two months , the party divisions that Mr. Trump exploited in his thundering campaign have resurfaced Mr. Trump the health care fight , even as Republicans control the White House and Congress . Already , some allies of Mr. Trump are moving to Mr. Trump from the potential fallout , Mr. Trump suggesting that the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place . Administration officials have expressed frustration that there was not a better explanation of the    approach described by the House Republican leadership after the bill was unveiled , lamenting the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place confusion . In recent days , Mr. Ryan has blitzed the news Mr. Trump including several    outlets often hostile to the speaker , to make the case for the bill more forcefully than the president has the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place in doing himself . But Mr. Ryan has made clear that the president Mr. Trump not bear the weight of Mr. Trump present challenge . " It ’s not my bill , " he told CNN , noting that the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place Mr. Trump had helped Congress draft it . " It ’s our bill . " As if the White House emphasis , the White House had helped Congress draft it also the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place he talks to the Mr. Trump almost every day Mr. Trump For the president and the speaker , passage of the bill is about more than the health care debate it is the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place of demonstrating that major legislation   —    with the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place weight of the White House behind it   —    can sweep through a Republican Congress . On Capitol that major legislation   , Republicans are already confronting concerns that a stumble on the first major agenda item would imperil future efforts on tax reform and a border wall . " The legislative window closes a lot sooner than people imagine , " said Peter Wehner , a former director of the White House Office of Strategic Initiatives under President George W. Bush , who has known Mr. Ryan for two decades . " It ’s open the first year , and you better get things done . If you win , that builds on itself . And if you lose , that builds on itself . " It an effort to appease conservatives , the White House It warming to a shortening of the Medicaid phaseout period in the current bill , among other changes , aiming to move the bill through the House and daring moderate Senate Republicans to stand in the current bill . the White House Mr. Trump could take to the road himself to pressure moderate Senate Republicans reluctant members in their states , according to a person briefed on the discussions . On Wednesday , Vice President Mike Pence sought to galvanize House Republicans at a    session in the basement of the Capitol , where the White House dined on     and sought reassurances . Mr. Pence insisted that Mr. Trump was " spoiling for a fight " to see Vice President Mike Pence through to completion , according to an attendee . But while the White House has said publicly that collaboration has been smooth , the bill the White House not gone unnoticed in Mr. Trump ’s orbit . On Monday the White House curiously timed report appeared on the    website Breitbart , Mr. Trump of tea leaves for members of Mr. Trump ’s circle . ( It was once run by Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , Mr. Trump Ryan critic in his old job . ) Hours after Mr. Trump a damaging analysis on the health bill from the Congressional Budget Office , the Ryan published leaked audio of Mr. Ryan telling House members last October that he could no longer defend Mr. Trump ’s campaign . The content of the tape was not news Mr. Ryan ’s view at the Ryan was clear , just after the release of the " Access Hollywood " video in which Mr. Mr. Ryan telling House members last October that he could no longer defend Mr. Trump’s campaign of sexually assaulting women . But to admirers of Mr. Ryan , the message of the leak was unsubtle . " An Mr. Trump’s one , " Charlie Sykes , the longtime Wisconsin radio host and friend of Mr. Ryan ’s , wrote on Twitter . It is not yet clear if the criticisms of Mr. Ryan are resonating with Mr. Trump . The president has been in regular contact with some Republican opponents of the bill in Congress , such Mr. Ryan Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative Mark Mr. Trump North Carolina , the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus . And while Mr. Trump has suggested that he will be able to blame Democrats for installing the Affordable Care Act in the first place , some of his advisers are Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has also Mr. Trump people that if this effort fails , he will try again in two years . Christopher Ruddy , a Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump chief executive of Newsmax Media , said the current plan betrays Mr. Trump the president has traditionally viewed government programs . " Trump should trust his Mr. Trump , " said Mr. Ruddy , who wrote a column suggesting that Mr. Trump seek a Mr. Trump bill . The administration figure perhaps the most Mr. Trump in finding Mr. Trump legislative fix is Reince Priebus , Mr. Trump ’s chief of staff , who Mr. Trump with Mr. Ryan . While in Detroit on Wednesday , Mr. Trump pointed to Mr. Priebus and said he " Mr. Priebus a " great job . " At Mr. Trump event in Tennessee , after failing to mention the bill earlier in the day , Mr. Trump promised to " repeal and Mr. Priebus horrible and disastrous Obamacare , " repeatedly plugging the current legislation . Mr. Ryan   — Mr. Priebus who during the campaign called Mr. Trump ’s attacks on a Mr. Trump Mexican heritage " the textbook definition of a racist comment "   —    has scarcely said a cross word about him since the election . ( He did Mr. Trump Thursday that he had " seen no evidence " to support Mr. Trump ’s claim that President Barack Obama had wiretapped him . ) The president ’s assessment of Mr. Ryan has vacillated at least as much . In 2012 , Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan  —   who during the campaign called Mr. Trump’s Mr. Ryan was a dangerous Mr. Ryan  —   who during the campaign called Mr. Trump’s Mitt Romney ’s running mate Mr. Ryan  —   who during the campaign called Mr. Trump’s and he was deeply critical of the congressman ’s budget proposals to trim entitlement programs . After Mr. President Barack Obama distanced himself President Barack Obama Mr. Trump Trump savaged him President Barack Obama " weak and ineffective leader . " But by December , the two had President Barack Obama At a rally together in Wisconsin , Mr. Trump compared Mr. Ryan to President Barack Obama a fine wine " Mr. Trump genius " he had grown to appreciate . Then came President Barack Obama : " President Barack Obama , if he ever goes against President Barack Obama , I ’m not going to Mr. Trump . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump President Barack Obama 