Ford Motors has now announced Ford Motors intends to move all Ford Motors small car manufacturing lines out of Detroit and the U. S. and into Ford Motors    plants . [ In a September 14 statement , Ford CEO Mark Fields insisted that in the " next two to three years , Ford CEO Mark Fields will have migrated all of Ford CEO Mark Fields small car production to Mexico and out of the United States . "   Ford CEO Mark Fields added that Ford is investing an additional $ 4 . 5 billion to develop electric vehicles by 2020 , most of which will be spent in its Mexico facilities . Ford also said all emerging small car models will be made south of the border . The move to shift all production to Mexico Mexico not come as a major surprise , as in April , Ford Ford already launched a $ 1 . 6 billion building plan for enlarging facilities in San Luis Potosi , Mexico Mexico The its Mexico facilities announced just as President Barack Obama ’s deputy signed the unpopular Trans Pacific Partnership    deal earlier this year . In February , Ford Motor Company announced it was set to double Ford Motor Company capacity at a previously built Mexico Mexico , instead of enlarging U. S. factories . GOP nominee Donald Trump has decried the moves , telling Breitbart News last February that his planned border wall with GOP nominee Donald Trump Mexico " economic reasons " behind it , as well as the obvious security reasons . " I ’ve been telling everybody this from day one : We ’re going to have nothing left . " Trump added : The steel GOP nominee Donald Trump production ] is going to be there . The cars are going to be there . Mexico Mexico going to be the car capitol of the world . Michigan is being decimated . That ’s why I ’m doing so well in Michigan   —    because Michigan I ’m the only one who understands what ’s going on . The other candidates have no clue as to what ’s going on . I ’m talking about it all the time . There ’s even a piece of the reason that I like the wall   —    is for economic reasons . They ’re coming over here doing The other candidates they want to do economically . The other candidates is hardly alone in the stampede to foreign nations . Chevy recently debuted its first    SUV it intends Ford import into the Chevy S. But GM is already importing cars from a list of foreign countries . Buick , for instance , is importing from South Korea , Europe , and Poland , USA Today reports . Ford is also joining the headlong rush to develop and manufacture driverless cars , and its Mexico facilities will be the Ford for that advance , as well . " We see huge social economic and environmental benefits . We ’re focused on usage where miles traveled be , " Fields said . " Autonomous vehicles will account for one of every 10 miles traveled by 2025 , and will grow from 5 % of all vehicles sold in U. S. in 2025 to 30 % in 2030 . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 