David Drucker of the Washington Examiner joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss Stephen K. Bannon recent piece at the Washington Examiner , while also pointing out that presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump could use the political establishment ’s help in terms of organization , if nothing else . " Remember , " said David Drucker of the Washington Examiner , " Election Day really starts in September because of early voting . It Election Day not November . This thing really gets underway in September September There ’s a lot less time to do this on both sides than people realize . " [ David Drucker of the Washington Examiner ’s point is that as unpopular as Congress may be , they Congress still play a key role in helping Trump get organized as quickly as needed due to early voting . It is also clear that Democrats are taking Trump Trump and believe they Democrats learn from him Trump    But [ Rodell ] Mollineau also acknowledges that Trump Trump tapped into deep discontent among a large swath of Americans , and he Trump Democrats should take the presumptive Republican nominee seriously . " This is a battle for leader of the free world , " he Trump . " I do n’t care if this is Mickey Mouse on the other side , you take this seriously . " " He Trump been adept on hitting on certain people ’s fears and on crafting a message that gets at what some people   —    not most , not a majority   —    what some people in this country are feeling . I think that as Democrats , we need to look at what he Trump in the Republican primary and learn from it the Republican primary " Mollineau said . While acknowledging Trump ’s campaign challenges , Drucker Trump said of Hillary Clinton , " In her Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders did n’t really go after her . Hillary Clinton she did Hillary Clinton have to face the kind of negative advertising that Trump did Trump’s " Added Drucker Trump " The email scandal is a big deal . People do n’t think she ’s Hillary Clinton and trustworthy . She ’s Hillary Clinton likable . She ’s Hillary Clinton not good on the stump .    …      People just do n’t take to her the Hillary Clinton they took People her husband Hillary Clinton " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the full interview below : 
 