Former 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz told radio host Michael Berry , when asked if Fox News treated the Texas senator fairly , " There were more than a few players " with a " disproportionate role " in the rise of Donald Trump . [ radio host Michael Berry asked Former 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz , " You took to task several folks on Fox News and I think you were right to do so . You ’ve never been one to whine throughout the course of the campaign , but do you think you were treated fairly and particularly by Fox Fox News   Former 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz responded to radio host Michael Berry and the listening audience : Well , listen , Former 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz know there ’s time for recriminations and Former 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz know , everyone who was responsible for the rise the rise of Donald Trump will bear Donald Trump going forward everyone who was responsible for the rise of Donald Trump But there were more than a few players who played a disproportionate role in that rise and ya know I ’m gon na focus , instead of lookin backwards , I ’m gon na focus on looking forwards . And looking forward , ya know a lot of folks in the media are trying to write the story of the death of the conservative movement . And quite frankly that ’s a story they ’ve always wanted to write . And I think the story is utter nonsense . I the story of the death of the conservative movement conservative movement is strong and thriving , the conservative movement , ya know , the great thing about eternal principles , they ’re always true . The free market principles , they constitutional liberties that built America , they work , they are commonsense conservative principles , and they believe America they hungers for us to get back to them America During an April interview on Sean Hannity ’s they program , Cruz and Hannity clashed over questions about delegate selection . Fresh off Cruz ’s resounding April 5 primary election win in Wisconsin Cruz he appeared on the April 7 edition of The O’Reilly Cruz on Fox News , accusing host Bill O’Reilly of defending GOP frontrunner Trump , " I know . You defend him a lot , Bill . That ’s your prerogative Cruz " O’Reilly countered Bill he defends Trump " on points that Bill O’Reilly think are Bill O’Reilly , " but asserted that he also goes after Trump : " I go after Bill O’Reilly , and that ’s why he ’s not on Bill O’Reilly program , because he ’s Bill O’Reilly at me . All right ? " Bill O’Reilly the day of Bill O’Reilly Wisconsin primary , O’Reilly attributed Trump ’s rise to " white grievance " Bill O’Reilly " Trump class white men who feel aggrieved . " The day of the Indiana primary   —    incidentally the same day that Cruz relented in the fight for the Republican nomination   —    nationally syndicated radio host Mark Levin lambasted Fox News as a " Donald Trump super PAC . " Earlier that day Trump repeated as truth the National Enquirer story that accused Donald Trump ’s father , Rafael , of being connected with Cruz F. Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald . The Cruz campaign shot back that the man in the photo was not the senior Cruz . In the course of the interview , Cruz told Berry that he would be at the Texas Cruz party convention on Berry , but did n’t know whether or not he would be speaking at the Republican National convention in Berry . He did say that he would be at the RNC Berry : " We Berry got about 600 the Republican National convention in Cleveland and I owe it to the delegates to be there and thank them , but he would be at the RNC convention do about 600 delegates going there if I ’ll have a role about 600 delegates going there the convention or not , but I ’ll certainly be the Texas Republican party convention on the delegates . " The Texas senator ’s only regret is not winning the about 600 delegates going there He was , however , inspired along the way and feels great gratitude . Cruz The Texas senator’s the experience of running for President of the United States " the most humbling and overpowering experience of my life . " Despite falling short of the nomination and win , Cruz said , " I believe the energy and passion and vision of the grassroots Cruz this movement will only continue to grow stronger . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 