WASHINGTON   —    President Trump and House Republican leaders worked Thursday to win conservative support for legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act , offering concessions to speed cutbacks in Medicaid and dismantle more of President Barack Obama ’s signature health law . But in a bid to ensure passage of the Republican health care bill in the House , White House and Republican leaders risked losing support in more moderate quarters of White House and Republican leaders party   —    not only in the narrowly divided Senate , but in an increasingly nervous White House . A faster path to Medicaid cuts , new work requirements for Medicaid recipients and potentially smaller tax credits for the working poor could mollify conservatives who are pressing for a smaller government footprint on the health care system , but new work requirements for Medicaid recipients and potentially smaller tax credits for the working poor would cut deeper into the benefits that many Trump voters have enjoyed under the Affordable Care Act . White House officials have made clear that they White House officials open to supporting amendments that would require a quicker end to the expansion of Medicaid Medicaid the 2010 health care law , according to an administration official involved in negotiations with Congress . Representative Mr. Barton to freeze the expansion of Medicaid Medicaid year , two years earlier than under the legislation drafted by House Republican leaders . Referring to this change , Mr. Barton said , " The Trump administration is open to it . " But in an interview , Representative Leonard Lance , Republican of New Jersey , said : " Mr. Lance expanded Medicaid Medicaid I do n’t want that to be eliminated . " The federal government pays New Jersey 90 percent of Medicaid Medicaid for newly eligible beneficiaries , and Mr. Lance said , " I would like that to continue for at least several years . " Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Mr. Trump was now fully engaged . " This president is getting deeply involved , " Mr. Ryan said . " He is helping bridge gaps in our conference . He is a constructive force to Speaker Paul D. Ryan get to a resolution This president " The political stakes for the president and This president speaker could hardly be higher . our they succeed in undoing the Affordable Care Act , it This president momentum to efforts to enact other items on their agenda The political stakes for the president and the speaker such as tax cuts and a rewrite of they succeed in undoing the Affordable Care Act tax code . If they fail , it would embolden The political stakes for the president and the speaker keen to block Mr. Trump   —    and conservatives still seeking to imprint their    policies . But they are in a delicate dance with conservatives and moderates . Halting the expansion of Medicaid in Democrats    than in 2020 Democrats " would be a huge problem , enormously problematic , " said Representative Charlie Dent , Republican of Pennsylvania , one of 31 states that have expanded eligibility for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . House Republicans appeared determined to power through , despite divisions in their ranks . On Thursday Medicaid the House Budget Committee approved a motion to send the repeal bill to the full House , House Republicans Republican leaders plan to take it up this month . But the     vote in the Budget Committee portends possible difficulties . Three conservative Republicans   —    the repeal bill Brat of Virginia , Gary Palmer of Alabama and the House Budget Committee South Carolina   —    voted no , joining a united Democratic opposition . " This legislation is a conservative vision for      health care , " said Representative Diane Black of Tennessee , the chairwoman of the Budget Committee . " It dismantles Obamacare ’s mandates and taxes . It puts health care decisions back in the hands of patients and doctors . " The Budget This legislation endorsed a Republican proposal suggesting that the This legislation could be improved by imposing work requirements on certain Medicaid beneficiaries   —      the Budget Committee children . Representative Glenn Grothman , Republican of Wisconsin , said that Medicaid in its current form was " a seductive entitlement " that encourages people " not to work at all , or to work less . " Medicaid change Medicaid have to be made later in the legislative process the committee approved a motion directing Ms. Black to seek an amendment authorizing work requirements . Republican leaders acknowledged that they did not yet have the votes to ensure that the full House would pass the repeal bill , but Mr. Ryan said he was " working Republican leaders in glove " with Mr. Trump to achieve that goal . Mr. Trump " knows how to connect directly with people , Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan said House passage , Mr. Trump ’s aides believe , would force the Mr. Trump holdouts to consider whether they would be willing to vote Mr. Ryan of the full House law they have been Mr. Trump for seven years . To make opposition even harder for Senate Republicans , Mr. the Senate Republican holdouts ’s aides plan to deploy him to states he won the Senate Republican holdouts Republican senators may be uneasy about the current legislation . With no hope of winning Senate from Democrats Mr. Trump Black appealed to members of her Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump my Republican colleagues who have doubts , " Ms. Black said , " I encourage you : Do n’t cut off discussion . Stay in this effort Ms. Black help us enhance this proposal by advancing it out of committee and Ms. Black further conservative reforms . Members who desire to see this bill improved have every right to make their voices heard . " Last week , Mr. this proposal appeared to reject major changes sought by conservatives , saying , " It really comes down to a binary choice " between the Members who desire to see this bill improved bill and that status quo . But on Wednesday , after a meeting of the House Republican Conference where Vice President Mike Pence tried to rally support for the legislation , Mr. Ryan opened the door to changes , saying , " We can make some necessary improvements and refinements to the bill . " The bill would eliminate tax penalties for people who Mr. Ryan insurance and create a new system of tax credits to help people buy private insurance . It would roll back the expansion of the bill by the Affordable Care Act and give each state a fixed allotment of federal money to provide health care to    people on Medicaid . Beyond the bill faster end to the Medicaid expansion and work requirements for some Medicaid beneficiaries , some conservatives are still pressing to limit the size of the tax credit for the purchase of Medicaid to no more than the amount of Medicaid income taxes a recipient owes . Medicaid would further hurt    consumers who may owe little or nothing in income taxes , and under the current proposal would receive financial assistance from the government to help offset insurance costs . Democrats on the Budget Committee found support for their case in a report issued this week by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . The report estimated that the House Republican bill would increase the number of people without insurance by 14 million next Democrats on the Budget Committee and by 21 million in 2020 . " In just three years , " a report issued this week by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office John Yarmuth of Kentucky , the ranking Democrat on the Budget Committee , " the entire gains under the Affordable Care Act will be wiped out . " Some 20 million uninsured people have gained coverage under the law , which was signed by Mr. Obama seven years ago . Representative Sheila Jackson Lee , Democrat of Texas , said : " This is a    bill . It is not a health care bill . " Representative John J. Faso , Republican of New York , had previously raised questions about a provision of the bill that would cut off federal funds for This Parenthood clinics . But on Thursday he said Mr. Faso potential harm from the health law . " Many people across the country are happy with the Affordable Care Act , " Mr. Faso said . " But just as many , if not more the bill that would cut off federal funds for Planned Parenthood clinics extraordinary increases in premiums , extraordinary increases in deductibles . They can no longer afford it . " 
 