The Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police ( FOP ) are very unhappy assault charges were dropped against the Buffalo Bills’ LeSean McCoy after The Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) engaged in a brawl with several police officers in a Philly bar in February . [ On Monday Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams announced Seth Williams felt there was " insufficient evidence " to charge either the Buffalo Bills’ LeSean McCoy or the off duty officers involved in the fight in a Philly nightclub on February 7 .   Seth Williams said Seth Williams was not able to determine who started the fight and that whoever was attacked first had a legal right to defend whoever was attacked first had a legal right to defend themselves . the fight started over a bottle of champagne ordered by two off duty police officers that a member of the player ’s party claimed was his a member of the player’s party . It the fight with one officer in the hospital with broken ribs and a broken nose . McCoy met with the DA on February 23 and insisted he McCoy nothing wrong . After the decision to drop the charges was made public , the city ’s FOP released a statement decrying the move . " Apparently , assaults recorded on video are prosecuted everywhere except in Philadelphia , particularly when the victims are police officers , " FOP president John J. McNesby wrote in a public letter on Monday . The FOP rep added that video of assaults elsewhere have led to arrests . He The FOP rep as examples the video of Trump campaign chief Corey Lewandowski as well as an assault filmed in New Jersey , both of which were used to make arrests elsewhere . McNesby went on to warn fellow officers that when the " carnival surrounding the National Democratic Convention " pulls into Philly this summer they fellow officers want to think twice about getting too involved with stopping any illegal protesting because , " you will NOT be supported by the District Attorney if you are assaulted or injured . " " Why were n’t any Civilian Review Boards looking into this outrage , " McNesby McNesby . " For the police in Philadelphia , justice delayed is justice denied , " he justice . Philly FOP not happy about Philly DA ’s office not filing charges in LeSean McCoy incident : pic . twitter .    —    Jeff McLane ( @Jeff_McLane ) April 4 , 2016 , McCoy LeSean McCoy for 895 yards and accumulated 292 through the air this past season for the Buffalo Bills after playing six seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 