Sunday on CBS ’s ‘ Face the Nation , " Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said of the 2016 GOP presidential primary candidates who are not supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , " If the 2016 GOP presidential primary candidates who are not supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’re thinking the 2016 GOP presidential primary candidates who are not supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’re going to run again some day , you know I think that we ’re going to evaluate the process of the nomination process and I do n’t think it ’s going to be that easy for the 2016 GOP presidential primary candidates who are not supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . "   Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said , " People who agreed to support the nominee . People who agreed to support the nominee took part in our process . People who agreed to support the nominee used tools from the RNC . People who agreed to support the nominee agreed to support the nominee . People who agreed to support the nominee took part in our our process We our a private party . We our in the a public entity . Those people need to get on board . And if they ’re Those people they ’re Those people to run again some day , you know I think that we our going to evaluate the process of the nomination our process do n’t think it ’s going to be that easy for them . " He Those people , " People in our our are talking about what we ’re going to People in our party about this . There is a ballot access issue in South Carolina . In order to be on the ballot in South Carolina , you South Carolina to pledge your support to the nominee , no matter who that is ? So what ’s the penalty for that ? It ’s not a threat . It ’s just a question It We have a process in place . And if a private entity puts forward a process and has agreement with the participants in that process , then those a process in place n’t follow through the participants in that process promises that they made in that process , what the participants in that process a a process in place do about that if those same people come around in four or eight years ? " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 