Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is targeting what Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump calls Hillary Clinton ’s " corrupt criminal syndicate . " [ " ‘ I am a victim of one of the great political smear campaigns in our country , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told a crowd of supporters in Charlotte . " They are coming after me to try and destroy what is considered by even They ( points to the media section ) the greatest movement in the history of our country . There ’s never been anything been anything like this . "   As the a crowd of supporters in Charlotte , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump added : Bill O’Reilly and others have said it ’s the single biggest political phenomena in his lifetime Bill and others have said the same thing . The political establishment is trying to stop us , because they know The political establishment are us threat to their totally The political establishment control . It ’s The political establishment . No one is more corrupt than crooked Hillary Clinton . Nobody . In fact , she ’s Hillary Clinton most corrupt person to ever seek the presidency of the United States of America . And her specialty Hillary Clinton if you look over the years , has been character assassination , and really , personally , just going after people . That ’s her specialty her specialty ’s Hillary Clinton doing it her whole her specialty . The only force strong enough to smash Clinton ’s corrupt criminal syndicate is you , the American voter . " After many , many years , even decades , without complaint , the media and the Clinton campaign have Clinton forward false allegations less than a month before the most important election in modern times , " he said . Clinton crowd booed . " These allegations are false allegations percent false , as everybody —   I think you know . I think you get it . " " They ’re made up false allegations They never happened . false allegations have you met tens of thousands of people as I have ? —   and I ’ve met thousands and thousands and thousands of people —   know them , know them thousands and thousands and thousands of people . It thousands and thousands and thousands of people not hard to find a small handful of people willing to make false smears for personal fame , " he said . " Who knows , maybe for financial reasons . Political purposes . Or , for the simple reason they want to stop our movement . They want to stop they campaign . Very our . " These claims defy reason , logic , common sense . They ’re made without These claims witnesses . No witnesses .    years ago . Ten years ago , 14 years ago , 12 years ago . Not me . Believe me , not me , not me . You would be very impressed , actually , with my life in so many regards , including that regard . Not a single shred of evidence . Eyewitnesses have already debunked the wild and ludicrous allegations of a magazine article that appeared , and I ’ll tell you what , it was just incredible . It was People magazine it and the article appeared , a magazine article that appeared statement was made . But if it ’s true , they a magazine article that appeared have put it in the article . a magazine article that appeared would a magazine article that appeared to put they into the article . But a magazine article that appeared did a magazine article that appeared that . And they did n’t do that for a they reason : Because it never happened , twelve years ago . Never complained , never talked to the bosses . " All of a sudden , two nights ago , we get a call , and the call is from People magazine , a call continued . " They did n’t even a call a quote they I think maybe what we should do is boycott that issue of People magazine . " So that ’s the way it is . I just want to tell you folks , it is a campaign that ’s amazing , and I ’m not going to be talking about it much because we ’re talking about other it , and we have to talk about other things . we if affects five percent , or two percent , or ten percent , or —   it ’s all false stuff . It ’s all a concerted effort . And it think it ’s the only way they ’re going it stop us . The only way . And I we n’t think that ’s going to happen . At that point , the crowd booed as demonstrators were escorted out of the rally . " That ’s the only way we get the cameras to turn ! " we said as newsmen panned the rally , looking for the protesters . the rally , Trump targeted the leftist press in a blistering speech Trump rolling out women who sought to accuse him of inappropriate touching less than a month before Trump day . This election will determine whether we are a free nation or whether we have only the illusion of democracy , but are in fact controlled by a small handful of global special interests rigging the system , and our system is rigged . This is reality , the system it , they know it , I know it , This pretty much the This world knows it This The establishment and their media enablers will control This this nation through means they are very well known . Anyone who challenges their control is deemed a sexist , a racist , a xenophobe , and morally deformed , " Trump said in West Palm Beach , Florida . " They will attack you , they will slander you , they will seek to destroy They career and your family They they will seek to destroy everything about you , including They reputation . They will lie , lie , lie , and then They they will do worse than that , they will do They is necessary . The Clintons are They , remember that . They ’re criminals . 
 The Clintons 