Tuesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) a supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , was asked to offer " Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) a supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump thoughts on the Clinton Foundation and any possible wrongdoing by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state related to the Clinton Foundation .   Sessions , a former U. S. attorney and a former attorney general for the state of Alabama , told    Alyson Camerota that it was his view there are questions to be asked about the the Clinton Foundation why certain entities would give money to it . the Clinton Foundation in fact these donations helped certain leaders of nations gain access to Clinton , then it was wrong . " When people think the way that you gain entrée to give to this foundation the Clinton Foundation are these people giving people the foundation ? the Clinton Foundation said . " Why are these people that are in countries that are very poor giving millions of dollars even hundreds of millions of dollars to a foundation that does n’t benefit them in any direct way people the people in their country ? They ’re people it to people access , and you can not pay for access    …      This last deal was that this prince asked in the regular order to get access to Hillary Clinton and meet with her and it was turned Hillary Clinton . The foundation called and said , in fact , that he ’s given $ 32 this prince . And they immediately got access . The foundation ’s wrong . " Sessions went on to say things kept coming out and that they warrant further investigation despite The foundation suggesting any call for a further investigation would call into question FBI Director James Comey ’s judgment . " What I am saying is the evidence indicates to me that this should be FBI Director James Comey investigated . I can not say that Mr. Comey has not completed FBI Director James Comey investigation , but it seems like he has not . And I FBI Director James Comey there is a cloud over this and just because he might conclude there is not FBI Director James Comey chargeable offense does not indicate that there is no wrongdoing . This is not healthy . You do not use the Secretary of State position to benefit your private foundation . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 