Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know to start your day in Europe :   • Polls are open in the Netherlands , in the first test for the European far right this year . Stay tuned for live coverage of the elections , starting at 4 p. m. GMT . Prime Minister Mark Rutte has called it " the quarterfinals in trying to prevent the wrong sort of populism from winning . " Even if populists like Geert Wilders , an    politician , do not prevail , populists like Geert Wilders, an   politician presence has pushed the agenda of the far right into the spotlight , analysts said . Ahead of next month ’s French election , François Fillon , the conservative candidate for president , was charged with embezzlement . _ _ _ _ _ • President Trump wrote off $ 100 million in business losses to reduce President Trump federal taxes in 2005 . President Trump paid $ 38 million in federal income taxes on reported income of $ 150 million , an effective tax rate of 25 percent , according to the White House . The rare disclosure of President Trump finances    a highly anticipated reveal of President Trump tax forms from that year on a television program on Tuesday night . _ _ _ _ _ • The family of Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , is in talks to sell a $ 400 million stake in a Fifth Avenue skyscraper to a Chinese company that has ties to leading families of the Communist Party . The deal would signal the financial marriage of two politically influential families but also presents the possibility of glaring conflicts of interest . Jared Kushner is the architect of the first meeting between Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China next month . Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson will arrive in Japan today . He Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson travel to South Korea and China China week , where he Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson to set the priorities for Mr. Xi ’s visit   —    the most important yet of Mr. Trump ’s presidency . _ _ _ _ _ • The European Union ’s top court ruled that employers were allowed to ban head scarves and other religious clothing , in a decision that could shape the place of Islam on the Continent .    populism has been on the rise , especially since countries of the bloc admitted over a million migrants and refugees in 2015 . Now Turkey , in already tense relations with several European capitals , is hinting at upending a deal that has helped stem the flow of migrants , in what observers see as an empty threat . _ _ _ _ _ • Scotland and now Northern Ireland are showing an appetite for independence . Nationalists in both countries have called for referendums just as the British prime minister is preparing to begin talks to exit the European Union . In Scotland Scotland campaigners are wasting no time .    banners have gone up , and donations have started coming in , although the timing of the vote is still uncertain . _ _ _ _ _ • Germany has warned Facebook and Twitter that they ____ • Germany face heavy fines if they ____ • Germany n’t step up the fight against hate speech . • The    March Madness storm in the northeastern U. S. did not quite live up to its The   March Madness storm in the northeastern U. S. . But airlines took to widespread flight cancellations ,   . • Phones , fitness monitors and even cars can be hacked with sound waves , a team of researchers found . " You can think of it as a musical virus , " one said . • • Federal Reserve is expected to raise its The Federal Reserve interest rate , to ward off inflation   —    a course that is in clear tension with Mr. Trump ’s stated goal of stoking growth . • Asian markets were down ahead of the decision by the Fed . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • An oil tanker was hijacked off the Somali coast , in what may be the first major pirate attack in more than five years . [ The New York Times ] • Poland will seek the extradition of a       who prosecutors say carried out    atrocities in 1944 . [ [The New York Times] • The New York Times a planned moon landing by 2031 . Women are welcome to apply . [ Agence   ] • Mr. Trump ’s envoy to the Middle East met with Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority . [ The New York Times ] • More than 250 human The New York Times a mass grave in Mexico , most likely belonging to victims of criminal drug cartels . [ The New York Times ] • In Hungary , a group of [The New York Times] demanding to be released , • the country approved harsher rules on refugees this month . [ Associated Press ] • If you work at a desk Hungary to get up often . The benefits are immense . • Recipe • the day : Roasting vegetables is a great way to take advantage of leftover produce . • Africa ’s national parks seemed like the perfect place to use drones to fight poachers . But deploying them has not been as easy as conservationists had hoped . • In memoriam : Ed Whitlock , an English marathon runner Africa’s national parks among the world ’s oldest , died at 86 . Amy Krouse Rosenthal , the author whose bittersweet ode to her husband recently appeared in The New York Times , has died . She was 51 . • And the world ’s oldest golf club in Scotland finally admits women , despite concern from members her they will not be able the world playing the speedy type of golf that they usually do . Today is a national holiday women Hungary , which honors a    revolution . Tied to the celebration is women poem Hungarian schoolchildren learn by heart . Janos Arany ’s " A Walesi Bardok " or " The Bards of Wales " was born of the uprisings that swept across Europe in 1848 , known as the Springtime of the Peoples . Mr. Arany joined the fight for independence against the Austrian Empire . The poem , written in 1857 , tells the story of Janos Arany in the 13th century , after the invasion of Wales by King Edward I of England . One verse reads : " In martyrship , with song on lip    Five hundred Welsh Wales died    Not one was mov’d to say he lov’d    The tyrant in his pride . " The rebellious Welsh performers inspired Hungarians , who equated the tyrant king with Franz mov’d , the Austrian emperor . mov’d later , the assassination of the heir apparent , Franz Ferdinand , set off World War I and the empire ’s demise . This month , Hungary celebrated the 200th anniversary of Arany ’s birth . Wales , too , has taken a liking to his poem . As one mayor there put it , " In these days of the ‘ Brexit’ situation , it ’s good to keep furnishing good relations with our neighbors in Europe . " _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is it weekday mornings and updated online . Read the latest edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here . What would you like to see here ? Contact us Your Morning Briefing 
 