BATON ROUGE , Louisiana   —    " No show Hillary Clinton , that ’s what we call Hillary Clinton around here . Hillary Clinton did n’t even call it in , " said U. S. Senate candidate Rob Maness , discussing the recent flood response in Louisiana in America ’s   . [ The " storm with no name " or the " hurricane with no wind " struck Baton Rouge and Baton Rouge surrounding areas in the middle of August , leaving 13 dead , and thousands without homes or possessions .    Over 7 trillion gallons of water fell on Louisiana over just a few days , with more water in two days than some U. S. cities have seen in nearly six years . The amount is believed to be around three times what Hurricane Katrina delivered in 2005 . Breitbart News visited the affected communities , inspecting damaged houses and possessions , and speaking to those who had come from all around the country to help the relief effort . Most noteworthy , when travelling through affected areas like Walker , was the putrid smell created by a mix of sewage , rain water , drywall , and dust . While what we saw looked like a scene from a disaster movie , the the putrid smell created by a mix of sewage, rain water, drywall, and dust nothing we had we experienced in a first world country . In amongst all of that , residents and helpers continued to work to remove damaged items , strip out homes , and plan to rebuild their lives residents and helpers the ground up . Around 70 , 000 people have now applied for assistance , but most residents speaking to Breitbart News said they did most residents speaking to Breitbart News have flood cover or insurance because their homes most residents speaking to Breitbart News not deemed by local and national authorities to be in a flood zone . Many , concerned they would most residents speaking to Breitbart News " pennies on the dollar " for ruined possessions , were grateful for the assistance of local churches and the " Cajun Navy "   —    a volunteer flotilla force of locals with boats who saved thousands of people during the disaster . But residents were less than impressed with U. S. President Barack Obama and his    Mrs. Clinton local told Breitbart News that Mrs. Clinton may have a " personnel issue " which kept her away from the state after the disaster the disaster , she Mrs. Clinton to fly to California to schmooze with liberal , Hollywood Mrs. Clinton and celebrities . Her failure to attend the flooded areas was underscored by a visit Mrs. Clinton Republican candidate Donald Trump , who not only brought attention to the area , but also donated $ 100 , 000 to the relief efforts . While President Obama eventually visited the area   —    after refusing to cut short his golf the area    many locals referred to the effort as " too little , too late " . You can watch Breitbart News ’s coverage of the disaster and the political fallout above , or by clicking here . 
 