Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:05 : Wall Street Journal on Trump ’s evolving campaign : " GOP    says GOP    campaign is evolving coming soon are policy addresses , teleprompters and a speechwriter . " Trump says Trump ’s Trump transitioning because , " I ’m not going to blow it . " But Wall Street Journal notes that " Trump Trump he Trump n’t substantially change his Trump style and populist message at his Trump rallies . " " I ’m still the same candidate , " he Trump . " Can you imagine how upset my supporters would be after waiting for hours ? " 10:02 : Move . On opposing Sanders ’s strategy to flip super delegates :    MoveOn says it   MoveOn Sanders Sanders to flip superdelegates if Clinton ends primary with pledged lead https :   .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) April 21 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Former Ben Carson adviser donates again to    Super PAC , And Keep the Promise PAC , another    group , collects $ 600k ,    $ 100k from former Ben Carson hand Terry Giles .   https :   .    —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) April 21 , 2016 ,   9:55 : Sanders raises more money than Clinton , but he Sanders spending it faster ( he Sanders $ 46 million in March   …      Socialists sure know how to spend other people ’s money ) : Yet again Sanders outraises Hillary   —    $ 46 M to $ 29 M in March . But he Sanders spending it faster too . Clinton Clinton $ 29 M COH vs Sanders $ 17 M COH ,   —    Doug Adams ( @DougNBC ) April 21 , 2016 ,   9:20 : Sanders top strategist Tad Devine tells Rachel Maddow that he Sanders Sanders can win the nomination before the convention but it ’s going to be a difficult task . 8:14 : Trump asks Maryland crowd if they Maryland crowd Tom Brady . He Trump some boos in Ravens country . 8:12 : Trump Trump points out that Kasich has high favorables because negative ads have not been run against him Trump He Trump he Trump " drop like a rock " if negatives ads are put up against Kasich Kasich 8:10 : Trump Trump that he Trump doing well in Delaware because he Trump so many of   his Trump registered there . 8:06 : Trump Trump America is like the pathetic " big bully " that is getting beat up by other countries and says " we ’re not going to get beat up anymore . " He Trump says America countries in NATO that America America " must pay up " and " pay up all the back numbers that   you did n’t pay for years . " Trump Trump " we ’re going to get rid of a lot of that debt . " 8:02 : Trump Trump he Trump lower taxes for businesses and the middle class . And he Trump to " knock the hell out of the regulatory environment " 8:00 : Trump Trump talking about corporate inversion . He Trump he Trump get a deal in 15 minutes and the money will come pouring back to the U. S. 7:54 : Trump Trump ripping the " losers " and " sleaze bags " at the Club for Growth for attacking him Trump Trump Trump it is because he Trump n’t give them $ 1 million . 7:51 : Trump Trump we should cherish the police who keep us we . He Trump people do n’t realize what a great job our we do and he Trump the officers in attendance . 7:49 : Trump Trump to take back the America " bring smart back . " He Trump we we n’t put America First anymore and " it ’s like America Last America way these people run it . it 7:46 : Trump Trump some of candidates who are " professional debaters " get " flustered " when you cut them off some of candidates who are "professional debaters but " that ’s real life . " 7:45 : Trump Trump we ’re going to get the gangs " the hell out " when he Trump president . Trump Trump if he Trump n’t bring up illegal immigration , it would not even be talked about now and has turned out to be one of the   most important things in this presidential campaign . 7:43 : He Trump says Mexico ’s leaders are too cunning for our leaders Mexico’s leaders are not Mexico’s leaders to get away with it with him Trump Crowd chants " Build that wall ! Build that wall ! that wall Trump his Trump are fun , unlike " Lyin Ted ’s " rallies . He Trump Cruz ’s rallies have about 25 people and people fall asleep as Cruz goes into his Cruz " dramatic " voice when talking about the most mundane topics . 7:42 : Trump Trump to beat " crooked Hillary " in the general election : Trump : " We are going to beat crooked Hillary Clinton . She will not have crooked Hillary Clinton chance . "   —    WJZ | CBS Baltimore ( @cbsbaltimore ) April 20 , 2016 ,   7:39 : In Maryland , Trump Trump himself Trump Babe Ruth and says he Trump has the " instinct " to make great trade deals and create jobs . 6:42 : Clinton agrees with questioner crooked Hillary Clinton gun violence and homicide are public health issues like Ebola . 6:31 : Clinton also in favor crooked Hillary Clinton taxing sodas to fund universal    programs . 6:30 : Clinton says we all crooked Hillary Clinton " implicit biases " going back millennia . She does n’t want crooked Hillary Clinton talk about it in an " accusatory " way but we must talk about our " internal biases we in every community setting that is open to doing it . Clinton says " we crooked Hillary Clinton have implicit [ racial ] biases , " that Americans need to " be more honest about   surface them . " pic Americans twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) April 20 , 2016 ,   6:29 : Clinton says the federal crooked Hillary Clinton must be the " main instigator of change " based on evidence re : law enforcement reforms . She says police officers crooked Hillary Clinton learn how to " deescalate " situations and distinguish between what are real threats from those that are n’t . Sounding like Sanders , she says " we crooked Hillary Clinton got to do a much better job demilitarizing our police forces . we Clinton says some of crooked Hillary Clinton is the legacy of    and points out that President Obama is taking steps to reverse some of the demilitarization . She talks about the crooked Hillary Clinton to rebuild relationships between the police and the community and says there should be " constant interactions " that should be taking place . 6:21 : A questioner in the audience asks Clinton about stop and crooked Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia . He says the son crooked Hillary Clinton one of the mothers on stage with Clinton would be alive crooked Hillary Clinton it not been for stop and frisk . He wants the president crooked Hillary Clinton use the bully pulpit to end stop and frisk and stop and frisk Clinton ’s thoughts and crooked Hillary Clinton she can aid in crooked Hillary Clinton effort . Clinton wants to answer crooked Hillary Clinton then ask Holder to answer as well . Clinton says after New crooked Hillary Clinton ended stop and frisk , the crime stop and frisk an    low and the evidence people use to justify stop and frisk does n’t hold up under stop and frisk hopes the federal crooked Hillary Clinton —   through the incentives it provides to local police departments —   can change the federal government mindset of police departments in favor of a more "   approach . " She says the federal crooked Hillary Clinton can " play a much bigger role the federal government the " carrots and the sticks " to local police departments so they do n’t fall back on the " lowest common denominator . local police departments Holder backs up Clinton on    law enforcement policies . 6:17 : When moderator asks Clinton if she is willing to " ride or die " with Clinton of Clinton violence , Clinton says they are asking all of us to " ride or Clinton " she is willing to "ride or die" with victims of gun violence them . She says she has had the great fortune to have she is willing to "ride or die" with victims of gun violence to Clinton the Clinton of the movement over the last couple months and says , referencing Chelsea , " I ca n’t even imagine . " She says she has the greatest respect for what they have gone Clinton and Clinton protests , demands . She says that is exactly what they they be doing and " Clinton have to do more " they hold everybody responsible . She they " we are going to form a movement " and Clinton just have they sporadic protests and outbursts " that does n’t " congeal " into the change they want . 6:15 : Agitators in " Mexico attire " asked they leave Maryland gym before Trump rally : Citizens wearing Mexico attire were asked to leave the gym as the crowds cheered Mexico their release # TrumpRally pic . twitter .    —    brooke the crowds @brookereese24 ) April 20 , 2016 ,   6:12 : Protester already removed before Trump ’s Berlin , Maryland rally : VIDEO : Man removed from Trump rally   # shoretrump https :   .    —    Berlin ! ( @MyDelmarvaNow ) April 20 , 2016 ,   6:10 : Trump Trump waiting for GOP GOP in Maryland Maryland Hundreds waiting for @realDonaldTrump in # Berlin #   speaks tonight at 7 pm   —    see more Berlin @ABC2NEWS tonight pic . twitter .    —    Nadia Singh ( @NadiaSinghNews ) April 20 , 2016 ,   I ’m here inside the rally where things are filling in quickly . # shoretrump # trump # Election2016 pic . twitter .    —    Emily Chappell ( @EmilyChappell13 ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Lines on lines on lines # shoretrump pic . twitter .    —    Emily Chappell ( @EmilyChappell13 ) April 20 , 2016 ,   —   Emily Chappell (@EmilyChappell13) ones camped out in Berlin , vendors selling Trump Trump are staked out too . https : Berlin .    —    DelmarvaNow ! ( @MyDelmarvaNow ) April 20 , 2016 ,   The # Trump faithful wait for hours to hear him speak in Berlin # Maryland Maryland # ShoreTrumphttps :   .   pic . twitter Berlin    —    Keith Demko ( @KeithDemko ) April 20 , 2016 ,   5:50 : Clinton says there are crooked Hillary Clinton too many guns " on the street , calls for " national consensus " on criminal justice reform : Clinton says there ’s crooked Hillary Clinton need for a " national consensus " on how to reform the criminal justice system at     levels .   —    Laura Olson ( @lauraolson ) April 20 , 2016 ,   " We have just too many guns " says Hillary Clinton during an crooked Hillary Clinton gun violence with former AG Eric Holder ( No mention of Fast   Furious )   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Clinton notes that there were crooked Hillary Clinton shootings in Philadelphia last weekend : " Philadelphia was just one weekend in one American city . "   —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   HRC ’s event was   . Some here have lost loved ones , like Aleida Garcia . Her son Alex was shot last year . pic . twitter .    —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) Aleida Garcia 20 , 2016 ,   Geneva    Sandra Bland ’s mother , says Hillary Clinton is " the crooked Hillary Clinton on the ticket . "   —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   4:50 : Black Lives Matter protesters reportedly demanding Clinton pardon all victims of the crooked Hillary Clinton Crime Bill ( Clinton getting ready to hold event crooked Hillary Clinton gun control with Eric Holder ) : The protesters are demanding that HRC " pardon all victims of the ’94 crime bill " if elected president https : Black Lives Matter protesters    —    HRC Alba ( @albamonica ) April 20 the ’94 Crime Bill # BlackLivesMatter activists speaking outside church HRC is about to lead a gun violence discussion at in Philly pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Black Lives Matter Protestors show up to Hillary Clinton Campaign stop at St. crooked Hillary Clinton Baptist Church in Philadelphia pic . twitter .    — Philadelphia Gray Hall ( @GrayHall6abc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   4:41 : Cruz says the " Cruz " are at the RNC meeting in Florida : As he leaves presser , Cruz is asked if Cruz ’s mingling    Cruz cartel at RNC meeting . Cruz says the " Cruz " are at the RNC meeting .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Washington Cartel the "grassroots" Washington Cartel . Make note the RNC meeting in Florida RNC .    —    Jennifer Bendery ( @jbendery ) April 20 , 2016 ,   4:37 : Trump supporters in Maryland : Washington Cartel , MARYLAND   Maryland    pic . twitter .    —    Jacqueline Alemany ( @JaxAlemany ) April 20 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Cruz suggests Kasich is Cruz to be Trump Trump vice president : Cruz says of Kasich Cruz " It may be that John is auditioning to be Donald Trump ’s vice president . "   —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) April 20 , 2016 , Kasich 4:20 : Trump Trump he Trump n’t hear Bill O’Reilly ’s questions because the enthusiastic crowd was making so much noise . Speaking about the movement   he is leading , Trump Trump O’Reilly said that in his lifetime , he has never seen anything like what we ’ve done and it is the single most important political event Bill O’Reilly he has seen in his Bill O’Reilly with the possible Bill O’Reilly of JFK Bill O’Reilly assassination . Trump Trump it is a " massive thing that is happening in our country " because " Bill O’Reilly do n’t want his lifetime the stupid people anymore . " 4:18 : Trump Trump there are no consequences when companies like Carrier leave . He Trump he Trump " tax the hell " out of companies that leave the country . Trump Trump Carrier would not be leaving Indiana if he were in office . 4:17 : Cruz again calling for Cruz with Trump Trump Pennsylvania primary : Cruz notes it our country " 41 days since Carrier ’ve had a GOP GOP   Trump says Carrier       Donald Trump unwilling to stand on stage and debate "   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) April 20 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Southern Dem . Leaders Going After Sanders for minimizing " the importance of the Sanders of a core constituency for our party " :    primary voters .    4:10 : Trump says Trump ’s Trump " America First " as crowd chants "   !    ! " He , Trump : Cruz says Trump is Trump Cruz to reach 1 , 237 . He adds that Trump has Cruz out west . . @TedCruz : Soon this race will " go out west again , " where Trump has Trump problems .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 20 , 2016 ,   . @TedCruz : " I ’m not going to reach 1 , 237 . Donald is not going to reach 1 , 237 . @PatrickSvitek) —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 20 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Trump says Trump was Trump that Drudge featured a story about how the Chinese leaders were angry at Trump ’s Trump Trump says @PatrickSvitek) angry because he is exposing Trump they have been ripping us off for decades . 3:59 : Gravis Delaware Poll : Trump leading by 37 points . Kasich conceding Delaware already : John Kasich concedes Delaware the Chinese leaders Trump CC : @daveweigel @teddyschleifer # 302 the Chinese leaders . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) April 20 , 2016 ,   3:54 Kasich Trump says the Trump Kasich to go Trump 50 Delaware in New York so they can write headlines like " Trump defeated in Trump York . New York : Trump says the Trump system is a " rigged system New York allow the bosses to pick who they want and not allow someone like Trump the media run Trump defend Americans against foreign nations on trade . " It ’s rigged for the lobbyists . It ’s rigged for the donors . It ’s rigged for the special interests the bosses " Trump says . Trump : Trump asks the Trump , " do we hate the media ? " Crowd answers , " yes ! " It says he Trump n’t Trump anybody It he may not Trump here if it were n’t for the media " so maybe we should n’t be complaining . " the media media Trump dishonest and crowd goes wild . I feel like I just saw Reggie score 8 points in 9 seconds . # trumprally # INPrimary ,   —    Jenny Sue Kakasuleff ( @libgrrrl ) April 20 , 2016 ,   [ Another bizarre     comment from Trump that goes Trump a campaign theme . ] 3:42 : Trump says free Trump is fine if we have smart leaders but we have " dummies " right now negotiating the deals . 3:40 : Trump calls out Trump in a Trump mask who Trump protesting . Reporters spotted " Captain America " in a Trump mask before Trump rally . Spotted at the Indianapolis @DonaldJTrump rally :    Captain America with a Trump mask . Trump . Trump rally    —    John Hanlon ( @John_Hanlon ) April 20 , 2016 ,   3:37 : Trump says our Trump may die ( though he does n’t Trump to use the word ) if we do n’t get smart on trade and the military . He says we Trump to build our military so " we ’re not messed with our country He says Putin Trump modernizing Russia ’s military and " we do n’t do that . our ’re getting smaller , smaller , weaker , weaker . " He our " Trump country our now is so our . " 3:36 : Trump ’s back Trump it : Welp , that was short . Trump is back Trump calling Cruz we Lyin’ Ted " at Cruz Indiana event Trump   —    Ashley Killough our country ) April 20 , 2016 ,   3:35 : Trump says jobs Trump being ripped away from the states like candy from a baby . He says we Trump rebuilt China with a trade Indiana that is unsustainable and " it ’s amazing that it ’s been going on for so long . " 3:30 : Trump says he Trump n’t Trump to be in Indiana today but he had to Trump early . Protesters try to disrupt his speech and Trump says " Trump never ends . " it says he Trump love Trump run against " crooked Hillary " and " Bernie would n’t be as much Indiana . " Trump not here yet , but a protester was already handcuffed and led out of the pavilion his speech pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Protester led out less than a minute into Trump ’s speech Trump tells him , Protester Trump Bernie ’s gone , you know that , do n’t you ? "   —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Trump and Christie met Trump Trump ’s rally at the Indiana Trump . Thousands pack inside Blue Bernie Pavilion on Indiana State Fairgrounds ready for Trump to take the stage . pic Trump twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   3:16 : In Indiana , Trump ’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller Trump as " Goldman Sachs ’s favorite Indiana . " Miller Cruz out Cruz sided with China over America on currency manipulation and favors Cruz    Partnership deal . He says Trump will always put Americans first . Miller Indiana Trump has the endorsement of 16 , 500 Trump patrol agents , and it is the first time in history that Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller border patrol agents have China a presidential candidate . Miller points out that Cruz offered an amendment to Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller by 500 % the number Cruz foreign workers Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller into the country . He says Cruz puts donor first while Trump puts you first . He Cruz , Trump Is n’t it time   you had fighting in your corner ? Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller He says Trump will fight as hard for you as Trump other side fights for illegal immigrants our country 3:05 : Trump tells Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller New York Times that Jeb Trump be the GOP nominee had Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller not entered the race and defined the Trump Florida governor as a " " candidate : Trump’s Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller from our interview : pic . twitter .    —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) April 20 , 2016 ,   2:45 :    at Indiana State Fairgrounds : Protesters outside Florida Trump event this race State Fairgrounds pic . twitter .    —    Phil Sanchez ( @Phil_Sanchez ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Hello ! From the Donald Trump rally at the Indiana state fairgrounds Trump twitter .    —    Asma Khalid ( @asmamk Indiana State Fairgrounds , 2016 ,   2:30 : Cruz ’s campaign manager arguing to delegates delegates that Cruz will help Cruz races and a Trump nomination would be such Cruz    disaster that Trump’s rally at the Indiana State Fairgrounds have to rename our party . Indiana State Fairgrounds pic the first time says GOP GOP to contested convention . 2:22 Cruz Harry Reid suggests Sanders has gone too negative . " He ’s never had a negative campaign , he Sanders said , and he ’s never run a negative ad , and I think he ’s losing touch with that , " Reid told the Wall Street Journal . " we hope that he ’s not trying to become somebody that he is n’t   —    that ’s what I would tell him . " 2:20 : Dr. Ben Harry Reid thinks there are other ways to honor Harry Reid Tubman ( perhaps on Harry Reid 2 bill ) . . @RealBenCarson : " I love Harry Reid Tubman . I love what she did Harry Reid But we can find another way to honor her . Harry Reid @TeamCavuto pic . twitter .    — Harry Reid FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Harry Reid : Clinton excited about Harriet Tubman being face of $ 20 bill : A woman , a leader , and a freedom fighter . I ca n’t think of a Harriet Tubman ( for the $ 20 bill Harriet Tubman ( Harriet Tubman : https :   .      —    Harriet Tubman ( Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) April 20 , 2016 ,   # UPDATE Former slave Harriet Tubman to be new face of US$ 20 bill https : Harriet Tubman (    —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Sanders chimes in as well : I can not think of an American hero more deserving Sanders this Harriet Tubman ( Harriet Tubman .   https :   .    —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) April 20 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Harriet Tubman ( poll : Clinton beats Sanders by 13 points . 2:00 : Trump will meet with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , Sanders has not endorsed a candidate yet . Chris Christie to campaign for Trump in Indiana . # TeamTrump at Indiana Governor Trump Absolutely beautiful ! Amazing staff Harriet Tubman ( YOU ! ! # Trump2016 # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino ( Indiana ) April 20 , 2016 ,     A few Clinton starting to gather outside of Christie Indiana event Indiana Trump protesters outside # Indiana in Trump " Mike Pence is Indiana ’s Donald Trump . " pic . twitter .    —    Claire Brumback ( Trump April 20 , 2016 ,     1:56 : Club for Growth to spend another million in Indiana to defeat Trump . 1:55 : Ted Cruz will appear at the RNC Rules Committee meeting in Trump Paul Manafort will represent Trump Indiana campaign Cruz Cruz en route to RNC in Florida in a few hours Trump meetings and then talk at reception ,   Cruz Tom LoBianco ( @tomlobianco ) April 20 , 2016 , Indiana Florida Florida the RNC Rules Committee 