A New York Times editorial claims " public safety " would be at risk if Donald Trump signs national reciprocity for concealed carry permits into law . [ The NYT suggested that such a move will only further the " fantasy " Trump embraced during the campaign the " fantasy that citizens can stand up to gunmen by shooting it out . "   On June 27 , 2016 , approximately two weeks after the attack on the    zone in the Orlando Pulse nightclub , a concealed carry permit holder stopped a mass shooting outside a Spartanburg , South Carolina , nightclub . a concealed carry permit holder stopped the attempted mass shooting by drawing his own gun and shooting the attacker . May 31 , 2015 , an armed citizen pulled his own gun an armed citizen on an alleged attacker inside a liquor store , thereby ending a    mass shooting . The incident occurred at the Magnet Bottle Shop in Conyers , Georgia , where the attacker was randomly shooting the attacker in his path .    year old the attacker C. Scott drew his own gun and opened fire year old Todd C. Scott ending the attack . On April 17 The incident , an Uber driver with a concealed carry permit thwarted an attempted mass shooting by pulling his own weapon and shooting a gunman an Uber driver with a concealed carry permit had opened fire in Chicago ’s Logan Square . On March 22 , 2015 , a man who opened fire on children and adults in a Philadelphia barbershop was shot and killed by a citizen with a concealed carry permit . The permit holder was outside , walking past the barbershop when he heard shots . a Philadelphia barbershop inside and The permit holder the attacker . The permit holder NYT also suggests the use of concealed carry handguns for    is a " myth . " Here are a two recent examples of the " myth " taking place : On November 27 , 2016 , a food store clerk in Florida survived an armed robbery by pulling his concealed carry handgun and shooting —   a food store clerk in Florida killing —   the armed assailant . Two weeks ago in Levittown , Pennsylvania , a customer in Porfirio ’s II Pizza pulled a Glock handgun and shot and killed one of two alleged armed robbers and left the second robbery suspect in " serious condition an armed robbery is just a microcosm of the mythical used of concealed carry guns during 2014 and 2015 . This list is a just a glimpse into a six week time period : ( Nov. 30 , 2015 ) A Washington state mother shot an alleged home invader to save her children . ( Dec. 8 , 2015 ) A veteran A Washington state mother to walker used a gun to stop home invasion . ( Dec. 9 , 2015 ) Antioch , California , homeowner opened fire on two home invaders . ( Dec. 19 , 2015 ) A     shot and killed an intruder to save grandparents . ( Dec. 20 , 2015 ) A man used a handgun in    when confronted by an armed robber outside an Ohio mall . He killed the    robber , ending the attack . ( A man 26 an armed robber outside an Ohio mall A Good Samaritan witnessed domestic attack , pulled pistol , and held the man at gunpoint until the attack . ( Dec. 27 A man ) A home invader put a gun to a woman ’s neck in Memphis . The invader was shot and killed by the homeowner . ( Dec. 28 , 2015 A home invader Bucks County , Pennsylvania , resident shot an intruder who broke through the glass door on her apartment . ( Dec. 29 , 2015 ) A home invader was shot and killed resident a pregnant woman helped fight him off . ( Dec. 30 , 2015 ) A pastor shot a man who attacked A home invader inside the church . ( Dec. 30 , 2015 ) A Texas fireworks stand owner A home invader a gun to shoot (Dec. 30, 2015) Jan. 9 , 2016 ) Four armed robbers stormed a women ’s gun store in Shawnee , Kansas , and the   ’s life was spared when her husband intervened by opening fire on the suspects . ( Jan. 10 , 2016 ) A California homeowner survived an initial attack by a home invader , retrieved gun , and held the suspect at gunpoint until police arrived . ( Jan. 11 , 2016 ) A man put a gun to a her husband ’s Pizza delivery woman ’s head she pulled her own gun and shot him in the face . ( Jan. 12 , 2016 ) An armed robber in a Papa John’s Pizza delivery woman Milwaukee a Papa John’s Pizza delivery woman shot and A man by a patron with a concealed carry   . ( Jan. 13 , 2016 ) An armed Taco Bell robber ordered    victim to drop his pants , but the victim pulled his gun instead and shot the robber dead . The NYT ’s claims that it is " An armed Taco Bell robber " to think victim to drop his pants holders An armed Taco Bell robber shootings and that it An armed robber in a Milwaukee barber shop myth " that concealed carry guns are used for    are not new . The NYT made very similar claims on October 26 , 2015 and was aided , at that time , by a companion piece in The Washington Post The NYT that . 0002266 % of concealed permit holders have been accused of a mass shooting . The WaPo suggested that such accusations against . 0002266 % of permit holders proves concealed carry makes Americans less safe . But an armed citizen at the Orlando Pulse could have stopped or at least lessened that attack in the same way that the concealed permit holder stopped the March 22 , 2015 , attack at the Philadelphia barbershop . An armed citizen at the December 2 , 2015 , San Bernardino attack would have stopped or least lessened the severity of that vicious shooting spree . And armed citizens could have stopped or at least lessened the severity of the November 13 , 2015 , Paris attack that killed 130 . Regarding Paris , Trump said : One of the things I bring up , and I bring it up all the time , is the Second Amendment . Because Paris when you look at that slaughter that took place —   Paris is one of the toughest guns zones , you ca n’t have a gun . France also , you ca n’t have a gun . It ’s Paris impossible to get one . And you look at those places where it was carnage , it was horrible a horrible thing to watch and France horrible thing to see   …     .I can tell you , if people in that room —   some of them , you do n’t need too many   …     [ if they had had guns ] they would have had a couple of killings but it people in that room —  some of them n’t have been the good buys , it would have been the people in that room —  some of them guys . So Trump people in that room —  some of them national reciprocity . It is a way to be sure there are more concealed carry permit holders it more places , ready and able to defend their lives and the lives of their fellow Americans . The NYT says this puts " public safety " at risk . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment more concealed carry permit holders for Breitbart News and host more concealed carry permit holders " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com Breitbart News AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 