U. S. Congressman Joaquin Castro ( ) has announced that U. S. Congressman Joaquin Castro is considering a run against Texas Senator Ted Cruz ( ) . [ U. S. Congressman Joaquin Castro and U. S. Congressman Joaquin Castro brother Joaquin are both Democrats who originally hail from San Antonio , Texas . U. S. Congressman Joaquin Castro is the Secretary of the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development .   In a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas , Senator Texas Senator Ted Cruz , " Despite any record of achievement and a liberal ideology out of touch with the majority of Texans , the Castro brothers have the full support of the mainstream media and Washington establishment willing to do everything in their power to the Castro brothers Texas blue . " Cruz also added Texas Senator Ted Cruz " This November , it is critical we elect conservatives up and down the ballot in order to prevent a liberal takeover of Washington D. C. " He emphasized , Texas Senator Ted Cruz But our opponents are already making plans to defeat us , so our can not our to wait to engage until 2018 . " Senator Cruz said Texas Senator Ted Cruz in the Senate , I have continued fighting for jobs , freedom , and the security of 27 million Texans and all Americans across this great country . " His fundraising letter said Texas Senator Ted Cruz I need you by my side " " [ i]n   order to stop the Castro brothers attempts to bring their liberal ideology to the Castro brothers halls of the U. S. Senate . " According to The Dallas Morning News , Rep. Joaquin Castro said Castro the run against Castro Cruz while he and his brother Julián were Castro CBS Castro Morning on Tuesday . Senator Cruz angered some Republicans last Senator Cruz he declined to endorse Republican presidential party Senator Cruz Donald Trump during his speech at the GOP Convention in Senator Cruz , Ohio . Breitbart News reported that the Texas senator was booed when he Senator Cruz goers and delegates to " Senator Cruz your conscience . " As reported by Joel B. Pollack , " Cruz gave a stirring address to the Republican National Convention on Wednesday night , but failed to endorse Donald Trump , telling Americans to ‘ vote your conscience . ’ " Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge Lana Shadwick Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . 
 Breitbart Texas 