WASHINGTON   —    WASHINGTON ’s    or    time for Republicans . After a tumultuous decade that has seen profound changes in the makeup and character of their party , Republicans are poised to complete Republicans slow but steady climb back to power as Republicans seize control of the House , Senate and the White House for the first time since 2006 . That political triad will leave That political triad with a splendid opportunity for success . But there is little room for failure if That political triad hope to satisfy That political triad impatient constituents and deliver on bold promises to reshape the nation ’s health care delivery system , restructure the tax code , drive job creation , muscle up American foreign policy , rebuild a crumbling infrastructure and set America on a new course . Republicans who will take command of the Senate and House as the 115th Congress convenes on Tuesday have long been itching for a chance to do it Republicans who will take command of the Senate and House as the 115th Congress convenes on Tuesday way , constantly grousing that President Obama and Congressional Democrats held back American progress and economic growth . Now Republicans who will take command of the Senate and House as the 115th Congress convenes on Tuesday must show Republicans who will take command of the Senate and House as the 115th Congress convenes on Tuesday can deliver . And Republicans who will take command of the Senate and House as the 115th Congress convenes on Tuesday know it . " When you have both houses and the presidency , there is no acceptable excuse for not passing major legislation , " said Representative Tom Cole , a senior Republican from Oklahoma . " There is a lot of pressure on Republican members to produce and to produce quickly . " That will not be easy . There is a mutual wariness between many Republicans in Congress and    Donald J. Trump , leaving it unclear how often a mutual wariness between many Republicans in Congress and   Donald J. Trump interests and priorities will coalesce or collide . Some of the biggest fights might well be between Republicans on Capitol Hill and the White House occupied by a man who campaigned against the establishment and some of the very Republicans running Congress . Republicans must also maneuver while facing slightly expanded Democratic minorities in the House and Senate , in a climate that is , in many respects , even more hostile than it was before the November elections . Democrats remain angry at how Republicans treated President Obama , including Democrats refusal to consider the nomination of federal Judge Merrick B. Garland to the United States Supreme Court . Democrats want payback for the cold shoulder given to federal Judge Merrick B. Garland nomination to satisfy themselves and Democrats show their supporters Democrats they are Democrats going to roll over for the new Republican government . While they can Democrats employ the filibuster to block most nominations , they still Democrats it for the filibuster Court picks and legislation   —    at least for now . Perhaps most important , Republicans themselves are going to need something of an attitude adjustment . The contemporary Republican Party has been built out of fierce opposition to Mr. Obama and deep disdain for activist government . Nearly    of current House Republicans have never served with a Republican president and their entire Nearly   of current House Republicans in Washington has been spent fighting the executive branch . As a result , Republicans have had the luxury of being able to argue for positions that appealed to their conservative Republicans but that they knew Republicans not become law because Senate Democrats would block them or Republicans the president would veto them . Republicans , if they can Republicans the votes , their ideas Republicans become law   —    with all the attendant consequences . Republicans who have shied from the responsibility of government will now be called upon to support increases in the debt limit , approve annual budgets , endorse spending bills and back other    measures that they formerly Republicans who have shied from the responsibility of government to the Democrats and some of their more Republicans who have shied from the responsibility of government colleagues . With Democrats unlikely to help on many of those votes after being castigated for them by those votes , the Republicans who belonged to the " vote no , hope yes " caucus when it came to critical legislation in recent years now will have to vote yes and hope things go well . This is n’t the same style of Republican majority pushed from power after being routed in the 2006 midterm elections after the public backlash to the administration of President George W. Bush and his handling President George W. Bush the war in Iraq . Forged by the Tea Party revolt that restored Republicans to control of the House in the 2010 the 2006 midterm elections in the Senate in 2014 , this party is much the Tea Party with a membership that tends to see government as an impediment to be leveled , not as a force to be shaped to their views to the benefit of their constituents . Eight years their railing against the Obama administration has infused them and their constituents with their hostility their disregard for the government that Republicans must government rather than ridicule . Tensions could arise between House and Senate Republicans as well . When the Newt    party took over the House in 1995 for the House in four decades , newly empowered Republicans sent a raft of legislation to the Senate , only to see it Senate . With President Bill Clinton a raft of legislation the White House at the time , House of it would not be enacted . Now , with Mr. a raft of legislation soon to occupy the Oval Office , it is unlikely that House Republicans will be willing to watch Democrats bottle House legislation in the Senate . Demands that their Senate counterparts eliminate the Senate mount quickly . While Democrats Senate the challenges , Republicans are nonetheless jubilant at their Democrats position . " A Republican in the White House Democrats a Republican majority in Congress present tremendous opportunity to make real progress , " Senator Cory Gardner , Republican of Colorado , said in the party ’s weekly radio address on Saturday . " We assume that responsibility with the promise that we ’ll work Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado to do everything that we can to Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado more opportunities to Americans tomorrow than they Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado today . " " I am pretty giddy , more opportunities said Mr. Cole as he looked ahead . Republicans have won their chance . Now Mr. Cole is time to see what they Republicans do with it . 
 Republicans 