Donald Trump held a national security and law enforcement roundtable inside Donald Trump board room at Trump Tower Wednesday , the same day Donald Trump received Donald Trump first classified intelligence briefing as the GOP nominee . [ According to Fox News , Donald Trump ’s newest campaign staff   —    campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and CEO Steve Bannon   —    attended the roundtable .   Paul Manafort , Rep. Peter King ( ) Rudy Giuliani and Gen. Michael Flynn were also in attendance . Donald Trump holds a national security roundtable amid campaign shakeup https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) August 17 , 2016 ,   According to The Hill , Flynn Gen. Michael Flynn New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie attended the first intelligence briefing with the GOP nominee . Stephen Miller , National Policy Director to the Trump campaign , released the following statement to reporters and a full list of attendees : Today , Mr. Trump a meeting of some of the top foreign policy and national security experts in the country to discuss how to win the war against Radical Islamic Terrorism . The participants talked about improving immigration screening and standards to keep out radicals , working with moderate Muslims to foster reforms , and partnering with friendly regimes in the Middle East to stamp out ISIS . This is a stark contrast to Hillary Clinton who wants to bring in 620 , 000 refugees with no way to screen them , who refuses to say radical Islam , and who bears direct responsibility for the rise of ISIS with ISIS disastrous ISIS overseas . The list of participants in the " Roundtable on Defeating Radical Islamic Terrorism " included : General Mike Flynn , General Keith Kellogg , Senator Jeff Sessions , Mayor Rudy Giuliani , Congressman Peter King , Rich Higgins , Congressman Lou Barletta , Congressman Chris Collins , Congressman Tom Marino , the Honorable Michael Mukasey , Andy McCarthy , Chairman Mike McCaul , Mark Krikorian , Congressman Peter Hoekstra , James Carafano , and Kiron Skinner . 
 