White House Writers Group director Brett Decker tells Breitbart News executive chairman and host Stephen K. Bannon that GOP voters would riot if GOP denied the nomination to frontrunner Donald Trump . [ Should GOP frontrunner Donald Trump at frontrunner Donald Trump in Cleveland with dozens of won states and a plurality of the delegates , and the RNC tries to deny him a nomination , the frontrunner Donald Trump would explode , the convention in Cleveland on Breitbart News Daily .   " I think the riot inside the convention hall in Cleveland would be bigger than outside Cleveland the streets by the ‘ Black Lives Matter’ thugs , " he said . " This whole Decker   —    you have record numbers showing up this year , and it ’s very exciting . " " There ’s a buzz to this primary season . It ’s all because people think they have a voice . If people Republican establishment and leaders come in and change the rules , and throw in Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney , it ’s them clearly saying : It Actually the Republican establishment and leaders come in and change the rules, and throw in Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney you do n’t the Republican establishment and leaders come in and change the rules, and throw in Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney a voice,’ " he continued . " I think that ’s a very dangerous thing for democracy , but even more so the Republican Party to say , we actually do n’t respect that the Republican Party voters matter . " Decker adds that , should the Republican party try to assign the Republican Party Trump and Cruz would need to come together to put down an establishment coup . I think if something like that happens , you see Trump and Cruz sit down and have a Trump and Cruz . Cruz even though the fight ’s gotten pretty brutal , at the end of the day , they ’re both people that want to turn the table Trump and Cruz down for the establishment , and I think there ’s a lot more in common there than there is to disagree with   …      They need to get together and say , between the Trump and Cruz of us , we have easily    of the delegates , and let us cut a deal and make sure this ca n’t us stolen . Breitbart News Daily airs from 6 am to 9 am EST weekdays on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN : 
 