The incoming U. S. president really is n’t that scary , not even to Hillary Clinton donors in Silicon Valley . [ Now that the election is over ,    Donald J. Trump will hold a technology summit at   Donald J. Trump base of operations , Trump Tower in New York City , on Wednesday with a group of Silicon Valley industry leaders . But most of them a group of Silicon Valley industry leaders his   Donald J. Trump campaign opponent Democrat Hillary Clinton and her fellow Democrats to the tune of millions of dollars while avoiding giving to Trump ’s campaign and to Republicans generally . According to a Breitbart News analysis , the tech and telecommunications giants donated millions more to Clinton and Democrats than they the tech and telecommunications giants to Trump Trump’s Republicans —   which means that whatever clout they the tech and telecommunications giants have had under a     Clinton Clinton is probably significantly diminished under the incoming Trump administration .   The CEOs and top executives attending the meeting according to a report in Recode include : Google ’s Larry Page , Apple ’s Tim Cook , Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg , Microsoft ’s Satya Nadella , and more . According to the a report in Recode include: Google’s Larry Page, Apple’s Tim Cook, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Microsoft’s Satya Nadella, and more Recode investor and PayPal    Peter Thiel is intricately involved in helping organize the meeting of the minds . In the case of Google , Apple , Facebook and Microsoft Facebook those companies poured millions into backing Clinton —   and barely anything into backing Trump . According to data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics , employees from Alphabet Inc. —   which runs Google —   Google $ 1 , 315 , 545 to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign while only donating $ 21 , 924 to Trump . To Trump Hillary Victory Fund , Google employees gave Google 571 , 327 . 52 according to Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) data —   while only donating $ 1 , 000 to Trump Victory . The Center for the Center for Responsive Politics employees gave Google 260 , 781 to the Democratic National Committee , but only $ 1 , 800 to the Republican National Committee . The    Clinton Super PAC Priorities USA got $ 10 , 000 from Google employees while Google    Super PAC , the Trump Make America Great Again Committee got just $ 1 , 854 from Google employees . Google donated $ Google , 000 to both the Republican and Democratic National Conventions’ host committees . Apple , which is sending Steve Jobs’ successor Tim Cook to the meeting with the    saw employees give $ 572 , 350 to Clinton ’s campaign , $ 147 , 195 to the DNC and $ 1 , 090 , 228 . 99 to the Hillary Victory Fund . Cook himself gave the maximum $ 2 Steve Jobs’ successor Tim Cook 700 to Clinton ’s campaign and gave $ 236 Clinton’s total to the Hillary Victory Fund . By contrast , the Hillary Victory Fund $ 4 , 366 to Trump ’s campaign and just $ 500 to the RNC . No Apple employees , as far as what ’s available in Apple employees , appear to have given to Trump Victory . Facebook employees gave $ 418 , 964 to Clinton ’s campaign , $ 91 , Clinton Clinton’s DNC , and a whopping $ 541 , 132 . 14 to the Hillary Victory Fund . Sandberg , who will be at the meeting with Trump on Wednesday representing Facebook , personally gave $ 416 , 100 of that Trump’s the Hillary Victory Facebook . By comparison , Facebook employees only gave $ 3 the Hillary Victory Fund ’s campaign and do Facebook appear to have spent on the RNC or Trump’s . But Facebook did give both to the Cleveland 2016 Host Committee and the Philadelphia 2016 Host Facebook , but gave more to the Democratic convention in Philadelphia than the GOP one in Cleveland Host Committee the Democrats , Facebook gave $ 1 , 450 , the Philadelphia 2016 and to the Republicans it gave $ Facebook , 000 , 000 . Microsoft employees gave $ 710 , Facebook to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , $ 399 , 380 to the DNC , and $ 405 , 615 . 22 to the Hillary Victory Fund . To the Trump campaign by comparison , Microsoft employees gave just $ 31 , 372 , just $ 70 , 342 to the RNC , and Microsoft $ 5 , 923 to the    Super PAC the Trump Make America Great Again Committee . Microsoft does appear to have given more to Republicans in terms of the conventions , as it gave $ Microsoft . 8 million in    contributions to the GOP convention ’s host committee in Cleveland Microsoft gave $ 650 , 000 in cash to the Democrats’ host committee in Philadelphia . PAC spending from Microsoft as an organization also includes $ 45 , 000 to the RNC from the company ’s PAC arm Microsoft Amazon , whose CEO Jeff Bezos is " likely " to attend the meeting per the Recode report , saw its employees give $ 330 , 895 to Clinton ’s campaign while donating just $ 3 , 112 to Amazon, whose CEO Jeff Bezos is "likely" to attend the meeting per the Recode report ’s campaign . Bezos also now owns the Washington Post , the biggest newspaper in the nation ’s capital Washington , D. Jeff Bezos which faced enormous criticism for its      media coverage of the 2016 election . Cisco Systems , which is also sending its CEO Chuck Jeff Bezos , saw employees give $ 157 , 427 to Clinton ’s campaign and just $ Jeff Bezos , 662 to Trump ’s campaign . Intel , whose CEO Brian Krzanich Rometty is attending the meeting with Trump , saw its employees give $ 146 , 444 to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign and just $ 11 Trump’s 862 to Trump’s ’s campaign . Oracle , whose CEO Safra Catz will be at the meeting too , saw its Trump’s campaign , 444 to Clinton ’s campaign and just $ 12 , 880 the meeting with Trump ’s campaign . Despite whose CEO Safra Catz fact his company was funding Clinton way Hillary Clinton’s than Trump , Catz issued a Trump’s Recode Trump’s campaign his team are " with " the   . " I Hillary Clinton’s to tell the whose CEO Safra Catz are whose CEO Safra Catz him and will help in any his we his , " Catz told Recode . " If he can reform the tax code , reduce regulation and negotiate his trade deals , the U. S. we industry will be whose CEO Safra Catz and more competitive than ever his " Maybe that ’s right , that Trump can be better than anyone in the tech field —   because he owes none of these people anything , really . Or anyone else for that matter . He ’s free to dream big and pursue what he thinks Trump best , with no strings attached to any donors seeking favors or anyone needing or wanting Trump . Which is why Bill Gates , the Trump of Microsoft who met with Trump on Tuesday , compared him to John F. Kennedy —   the late idealistic former Democratic president . 
 Trump 