Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 9:37 : On Breitbart News , Dr. Ben Carson says Trump needs to " up " his Dr. Ben Carson game or he Dr. Ben Carson going to lose the GOP nomination . 9:15 : Sen. Orrin Hatch says there ’s " potential " for Paul Ryan to be drafted at an open convention . 9:10 : Geraldo Rivera , in response to Cruz ’s " New York values " remarks , accuses Cruz Cruz   . 8:33 : New Yorkers receptive to Kasich : Governor @JohnKasich being well received at a Brooklyn Town Hall right now . Lots of laughter and applause here . pic . twitter .    —    Jake Turx ( @JakeTurx ) April 7 , 2016 ,   8:29 : O’Reilly ’s suggestion to Cruz Cruz O’Reilly O’Reilly Cruz Cruz a presser at Penn Station to highlight neglect by New York pols . " It ’s like New Delhi , India , " O’Reilly O’Reilly .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:50 : On CNN , Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz Cruz a " fraud " and a " phony " and his only accomplishment in the Senate has been shutting the government down and reading Dr. Seuss . He Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate he Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate vote for Cruz Cruz a    battle because he Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate vote for his Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate ’s nominee . But he Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate that he Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate never vote for Cruz Cruz a GOP primary . King Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate he Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate deciding between Trump and Kasich in the a GOP primary 7:35 : In an interview with CBS ’s Charlie Rose , Sanders Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate that Clinton does have a good resumer and years of experience but says he Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate a pretty good record too and is qualified to be president . 7:07 : Bernie Rep. Peter King ( ) says Cruz is a "fraud" and a "phony" and his only accomplishment in the Senate national press secretary shaking her damn head at Bill Clinton ’s remarks : smdh . Clinton to # BlackLivesMatter Clinton : " You are defending the people who killed the lives you say matter . " https :   .    —    Symone D. Sanders ( @SymoneDSanders ) April 7 , 2016 ,   7:05 : Cruz does n’t regret slamming " New York values . " He says he wo Cruz apologize Cruz attacking Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . " Ai n’t gon na happen , " he says . Ted Cruz says he Cruz regret his Cruz New York values Cruz comments New York   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) April 7 , 2016 ,   6:12 : Sanders walking the streets of New York : . @BernieSanders decided New York down the street to his next intv in NYC pic . Sanders .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) April 7 , 2016 ,   6:09 : Cruz fundraiser may have broken election law : Cruz bundler gets awfully close to soliciting Cruz PAC donations at campaign fundraiser https :   .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 7 , 2016 ,   Report : A fundraiser for Ted Cruz may have broken election law Cruz that supporters at an official event give unlimited donations to an allied super PAC , a recording obtained by POLITICO shows . " If you hit your max then we have a table for you that is the unlimited table , " Keet Lewis , a bundler for the campaign and    of a Dec. 30 fundraiser in Dallas , says on the recording provided to POLITICO . " It can take corporate dollars POLITICO it can take partnership dollars , and that It the super PAC , Stand for Truth , so pick up some of that information . " Campaigns and their agents are not allowed to solicit donations exceeding federal limits . The Federal Election Commission has said officials can direct donors to super PACs but only personally solicit for up to $ 5 , 000 . Lewis , however , is heard asking for unlimited and corporate dollars .    5:50 : Cruz would " weep " if Trump and Clinton made it to the general election :    5:35 Trump Cruz tours matzo bakery in    York : Cruz Cruz tours matzo bakery in Brooklyn , Cruz https :   . :   .    —    NBC New York ( @NBCNewYork ) April 7 , 2016 New York 4:41 : Cruz campaign manager says Trump should drop out if Cruz does n’t get over 50 % in New York Cruz campaign manager primary . 4:38 : Interesting points being made . Is Clinton sabotaging her wife ’s campaign again ? Watching Bill Clinton and Clinton in Philly   …     this Clinton the message the Clinton camp has been pushing on the 1994 Crime Bill for Clinton ,   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) April 7 , 2016 ,   So did @billclinton pretty much just double down on that ’super predators’ comment ?   —    Eugene Scott ( @Eugene_Scott ) April 7 , 2016 ,   4:25 : White House backs Clinton ’s qualifications : " The president has said that Secretary Clinton comes into this race with more experience than any Clinton president in recent campaign history , " White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters aboard Air Force One . White House Sanders campaign 100 % certain to contest convention if Clinton does n’t clinch nomination before : new podcast : Sanders campaign Clinton says they will " 100 % " contest convention if Sanders does n’t clinch https :   .   @jonkarl ,   Clinton    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) April 7 , 2016 ,   3:37 : Kasich on New York values : Kasich defines " New York values " : " It means innovation , Kasich , great New York great people   —    it means everything . "   —    Thomas Kaplan ( @thomaskaplan ) April 7 , 2016 ,   I think Kasich is enjoying the Bronx pic . twitter .    —    Jennifer Kasich ( @jfermino ) April 7 , 2016 ,   3:16 : Tavis Smiley again calls Trump a " racial arsonist . " Smiley has ratcheted up his rhetoric against Trump after he published an    in Tavis Smiley he said black Tavis Smiley may be Trump to Tavis Smiley ’s candidacy . When asked Tavis Smiley black voters could still support Trump in Trump election , Smiley refused to say that black voters will not Trump Trump . . @tavissmiley Tavis Smiley Donald Trump is a " racial arsonist " who ’s Trump going around setting racial Trump https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) April 7 , 2016 ,   3:11 : Giuliani voting for Trump in NY primary . 2:55 :    Protesters Interrupt Bill Clinton ’s speech . One Trump " Hillary Is a Murderer " Sign : . @OBrienMurray : " I think Trump wins big in New York . " @TeamCavuto pic . twitter .    —    Trump Business ( @FoxBusiness ) April 7 , 2016 ,   Protester resisting police at Bill Clinton event in Philly . pic . twitter .    —    Alex    ( Bill Clinton’s April 7 , 2016 ,   Video : Clinton tellsBlack Lives Matter activists they are " defending the people who kill the lives you say Bill Clinton’s . Tell the truth Lives Matter activists " 2:45 : Jonathan Karl , who is one of the    guys for establishment Republicans , wonders if Paul Ryan ’s new video is the first ad of his 2016 campaign ( Ryan , like Rubio , sounds like he ’s reciting    words pieced Paul Ryan’s new video ) ? 2:30 : After reportedly threatening to quit if Paul Ryan ’s staff continued to be amateur hour , Manafort will now manage all activities dealing with delegates : Trump announces campaign reorg , with Manafort heading all efforts for nomination and delegates pic . twitter Trump    —    Zeke Miller Manafort @ZekeJMiller ) April 7 , 2016 ,   2:27 : Trump going    in New   York : Campaign source tells me Trump cancelled event in CA Trump focus on winning all delegates in NY with goal of shrinking Trump win % from 60 to 52 ,   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) April 7 , 2016 ,   If Trump camp is too weak to compete in conventions , game delegate process , going all in Trump NY area make some sense https :   .    —    Benjy Sarlin ( @BenjySarlin ) NY 7 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Sanders blasts the media , again says Sanders is not qualified Clinton be president because she is raising money Clinton Wall Street and vows to fight back when the Clinton campaign " smears Clinton him : " If Secretary Clinton thinks Sanders Clinton Clinton ’m from a small state in Vermont and we ’re gon na come here to New York and go to Pennsylvania and they ’re gon na beat us up and New York gon na go after us in some kind of really uncalled for way , we we ’re they gon na fight back , we we got another   —    you know , they we guess again because that ’s not the case we " Sanders said . " This campaign will they Sanders . "    2:17 : Kasich Super PAC goes after Cruz on his " the Clinton campaign values " line : Cruz After Sanders accused Clinton of not being qualified Clinton New York House Kasich Super PAC Clinton sends out a Tweet Clinton Sanders ’s praise of her : " Clinton Sanders Clinton of the Clinton people in Congress   she would be an excellent Clinton "   —   Sen. Sanders on Hillary as Sec . of State Sanders Nov. 2008 ,   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) April 7 Hillary 2016 ,   2:12 : Michael Oren Accuses Sanders of " Blood Libel " and demands apology : Former Israeli Amb @DrMichaelOren demands @BernieSanders apologize for " blood libel . " by @ishaantharoor https :   .    —    Josh Rogin ( @joshrogin ) April 7 , 2016 ,   2:11 : Bad national unfavorable numbers for Trump , who turned around his bad unfavorable numbers with Trump when he started the race : BREAKING :    Poll finds seven in 10 people have an this race of Donald Trump : his :   .    —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) April 7 , 2016 Trump 2:10 : Around 400 people show up to see Bill Clinton : Few hundred people awaiting Bill Clinton ’s arrival at Bill Clinton’s Clinton NW Philly # PAprimary pic . twitter .    —    Julia Terruso ( @JuliaTerruso ) April 7 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Sanders releases Philly campaign ad : 2:00 : Hillary struggles Sanders Subway card : Oh man . It took Hillary five swipes . Welcome to the struggle https :   .    — Hillary Brett LoGiurato ( @BrettLoGiurato ) April 7 , 2016 , Hillary 