ANAHEIM   —    Over 100 women formed a new " Women in Business for Trump " coalition in a private meeting with the presumptive GOP nominee ahead of Donald Trump ’s ANAHEIM rally on Wednesday . [ The women in the room were clear : The women in the room reject the narrow frame of " reproductive rights " within which the left and mainstream media contain women ’s reproductive issues . The women in the room told Breitbart News that they The women in the room their The women in the room to champion the economy and small businesses create a    environment stop Obamacare and its Obamacare effects get government out of their The women in the room and their The women in the room health choices free up educational choices for their The women in the room , like charter schools get Common Core out of the classroom secure America ’s borders improve trade and stand up to the will of the biggest donors .   Several women from the crowd were called on to share the reason that they Several women from the crowd to be a part of Women in Business for Trump . Actress , small business owner and avocado farmer Kimberlin Brown   —    familiar from television shows such as The Young and the Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful   —    said , " As a small business person we ca n’t afford any longer to provide health insurance . " She told the crowd that while her She used to provide it her business that they the crowd longer afford to do so . Brown Kimberlin Brown   told the the crowd badly the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) has " sold out Hollywood . " She She , " how about ‘ American lives matter’ ? NAFTA truly affected the entertainment industry . " Brown Kimberlin Brown   that " the drug cartels are using the farming the entertainment industry drugs . " Soon , Trump entered the room to enthusiastic applause . He told the women Trump much the Women their presence Trump their involvement the Women the Women the Women Business for Trump . He also Trump of Trump many women at his the Women Trump honor you and I respect you and I have such a great feeling and this is an amazing group of people . So I just want to thank you very much . " Julie Collier , founder of Parents Advocate League , told Breitbart News that " A lot of moms are looking for solid school choice , and Hillary and Bernie have both said they do n’t support charter schools . both She said she was looking forward to Hillary more Hillary Trump on education policy . " As an education reformer I would really like to hear more about his education stance than get rid of an education reformer core . " Several other business women in industries from construction and tourism to movie production to real estate , finance and philanthropy joined the group and the day ’s kickoff event . Maria DiGiovanni of the group MK COLLAB said that she the group of the women along with Maria DiGiovanni of the group MK COLLAB that are active in a broad spectrum Maria DiGiovanni of the group MK COLLAB issues , including those facing law enforcement , business owners , and the healthcare industry , as well as PTSD and military issues . Michelle Van Etten said that she came out to the meeting from Florida Michelle Van Etten looks forward to returning home and recruiting more members of Women In Business for Trump in her state . California State Senate Republican Leader Michelle Van Etten Fuller told Breitbart News of her enthusiastic support for Trump , and that California State Senate Republican Leader Jean Fuller was glad to Trump in the Women California State Senate Republican Leader Jean Fuller Business for Trump meeting . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 