Since    Donald Trump was elected over Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton , the mainstream media have used alleged hate crime reports to drum up hysteria over issues like Islamophobia , homophobia , immigration , and race relations . [ the mainstream media has refused to mention that hate crime allegations carry an increasing possibility of being faked in an era of social media fame and reactionary crowdfunding , as evidenced in a recent report by Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos , which found that more than 100 hoaxed hate crimes had occurred just in the last decade .   Breitbart Texas Breitbart Tech compiled a list of some of the most recent hate hoaxes that have occurred around the 2016 Election . Police : Muslim Student ‘ Fabricated’ Muslim    by Trump Supporters , After a Muslim student at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette ( ULL ) claimed that her hijab a Muslim student at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette (ULL) wallet were stolen by two    Donald Trump supporters , police announced the claim was fabricated . Students Face Disciplinary Action After Hoaxing ‘ KKK’ Vandalism , Two Williams College students are now facing disciplinary action after hoaxing vandalism which appeared to be Ku Klux Klan inspired days after the 2016 Election . Student Charged for Claiming Rock Attack by Trump Fans , A black , female Bowling Green State University student allegedly fabricated a hate crime story about white , male    Donald Trump supporters attacking her on   Donald Trump and is now being charged for faking a police report . Another Student Fakes Mugging Claim by Trump Fans , Another student at Bowling Green State University ( BGSU ) has hoaxed a racist hate crime attack , local police have confirmed . Student Fakes    Notes from Trump Fan , A North Park University student fabricated a story where she claimed A North Park University student    Donald Trump supporters had sent her " A North Park University student " notes and emails following the 2016 Election , local police confirmed . Mississippi Students Refute Hate Crime Claims Touted By NAACP , After the Mississippi NAACP made NAACP that a black high school student had a noose thrown around his neck a black high school student white students , others are now speaking out refuting the broad claims of racism . Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim Because She Was Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim Distraught’ Over Election , A woman who posted to her Facebook Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim that she had Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim sexually assaulted actually fabricated the story because she was Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim distraught over the recent election , " police confirmed . Muslim Woman Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim Knife Attack Hate Crime in New York City , On Thursday , a Muslim woman in New York City New York City attacked by a a Muslim woman in New York City male who called her a terrorist Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim slashed her cheek with Woman Faked Sex Assault Claim knife before running away . On Friday , police announced the    unnamed     slashed her own cheek , giving a Muslim woman in New York City a    cut , a Muslim woman in New York City invented the hate crime story . Another Fake ‘ Hate Crime’ : Transgender Student Admits Attack Was Hoax , On March 3 , a transgender student at a California middle school claimed he was attacked , beaten a transgender student at a California middle school and sexually molested by other students in a school bathroom . Only a day later the student admitted that the a transgender student at a California middle school never happened . CAIR Calls in Feds Over Possible    Against   …      Air Conditioning Unit , The Council on American Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) —   a group founded by members of the Muslim Brotherhood and designated as a terrorist organization in the UAE —   is concerned that damage to a Manassas , VA mosque ’s air conditioning unit is a result of a possible    " bias motive , " the group said in two separate a group founded by members of the Muslim Brotherhood and designated as a terrorist organization in the UAE —   from its national branch this week . Police a group founded by members of the Muslim Brotherhood and designated as a terrorist organization in the UAE —   Gay YouTuber Faked Hate Crime Attack on Himself , Popular homosexual YouTuber Calum McSwiggan reportedly faked an alleged hate crime attack on himself in West Hollywood on Monday , Popular homosexual YouTuber Calum McSwiggan to the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department . Albany University Expels Women Charged with Fabricating ‘ Hate Crime’ Three women accused of falsely claiming they were victims of racial abuse and Three women accused of falsely claiming they were victims of racial abuse and physical assault assault have been expelled from Albany University and will now face criminal charges . CAIR Claims ‘ Hate’ Crime When Muslim Youths Harass Woman , Then Get Slammed by Boyfriend , Two Muslim youths were injured outside a New York mosque , but police have rejected the incident as a " bias crime " because the two were slammed by a man after they harassed his girlfriend , officials say Two Muslim youths Man a man Lying About ‘ Trump Country a man Hate Crime Report , An    man in Malden , Massachusetts has now admitted that he fabricated a hate crime report when a man claimed two white men accosted him a man saying the U. S. is a man " Trump country , " and threatened to lynch him . Texas Islamic Center Fire Appears a man to be a Hate Crime , An arrest was announced at 6 p. m. Monday night at the Houston Fire Department Arson Headquarters in connection with the February 13th Quba Islamic Institute fire . Darryl Ferguson Texas Islamic Center Fire Houston , has been charged with arson . It appears the fire is not a hate crime . Ferguson told Texas Islamic Center Fire the police station that he was just Darryl Ferguson to keep warm and the fire was Darryl Ferguson accident . John Binder is a contributor Texas Islamic Center Fire Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 