In South Carolina , Sen. Marco Rubio reacted to the visit of former president George W. Bush to South Carolina to campaign for his former president George W. Bush Jeb Bush for president . [ " It ’s his his brother Jeb Bush you know , so I understand that , of course he former president George W. Bush going to support his former president George W. Bush his brother Jeb Bush Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News . " Does n’t change my feelings for him former president George W. Bush my gratitude for keeping America safe in the years he former president George W. Bush president . "   In 2000 , Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio to elect George W. Bush , particularly in Florida , the state that the former president barely won to beat Al Gore . Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio George W. Bush George W. Bush debate on Saturday , after Donald Trump attacked the former president for failing the former president . " I just want to say , at least on behalf of me and my family , I thank God all the time it was George W. Bush in the George W. Bush    and not Al Gore , " he said . The former president has George W. Bush to the campaign trail the former president Rubio ’s rival Jeb Bush , after nearly a decade of absence from the campaign trail . Rubio , however , signaled confidence in the campaign trail built in South Rubio , although he admitted that there were still Rubio in the state loyal to the Rubio family . Supporters of Jeb Bush are South Carolina South Carolina is " Bush Country " after Rubio’s rival Jeb Bush W. win the state against South Carolina during the 2000 presidential primary . " Supporters of Jeb Bush certainly has people South Carolina helped get his brother get elected , " Rubio said referring John McCain the former president .   " I John McCain that there ’s some loyalty to Rubio’s rival Jeb Bush I think we ’re all grateful to his brother . " While Lindsey Graham , the the Bush family of South Carolina has backed Rubio’s rival Jeb Bush , other South his brother of Congress are supporting Rubio . Rep. Trey Gowdy , the chairman of the Benghazi commission has been South Carolina state with Rubio as well Rubio Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina . Both politicians have been introducing Rubio at his South Carolina Rubio " From our perspective , we feel very good South Carolina team and our ground Rubio here Rubio the support we ’re getting , " Rubio said . " our ’re going to continue our focus on our campaign , we think it ’s our to Rubio to success . " Since the our debate , he pointed out , the our momentum had our to his campaign , while his crowds had doubled in size . our allies have comfortably predicted a third place finish in Rubio state . our campaign is not bad here , particularly Rubio out of New Hampshire where his obituary was being written , " said The State an interview with The State , a South Carolina newspaper . Rubio latest Public Policy Polling survey shows Trump leading 35 percent support , while Ted Cruz and Marco are tied for second with 18 percent apiece . Bush is in fifth place , tied with Ben Carson with 7 percent of the vote . During his interview with Breitbart News , Rubio said that he was n’t about to underestimate the Bush team . " Obviously , I do n’t underestimate Bush , they ’ve got historic Bush to the Bush , but we ’ll see how Bush all plays out , " he said , referring he wasn’t about to underestimate the Bush team the he wasn’t about to underestimate the Bush team primary . " We ’ll see on Saturday . " 
 Bush 