During a recent interview with Variety , Sylvester Stallone revealed Sylvester Stallone once considered going into politics and said Sylvester Stallone thinks Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is of a rare breed of people who are " larger than life . " [ " I love Republican frontrunner Donald Trump , " said the action star during a conversation about his Republican frontrunner Donald Trump Creed .   On Mr. Republican frontrunner Donald Trump crossover from business and entertainment to politics , Stallone said , " He ’s a Stallone Dickensian character . " " You know what I mean ? " Stallone added . Stallone There are certain people like Arnold , Babe Ruth , that are bigger than life . " The     concluded of the frontrunner , " I do n’t know how that translates to running the world . " On his own political Stallone , Stallone told the Stallone former Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street told him in 2006 Stallone could probably Stallone elected if he ever decided Stallone run for public office . He said he Stallone following Stallone and fellow action star Arnold Schwarzenegger into public life , but " five minutes later , I came to my senses . " " I said to my wife , ‘ What do you think ? ’ " he told Variety Stallone " She said , my wife Are you crazy ? He ’s just Stallone nice . You ’re not going to be elected . You do n’t have that insatiable need to be embraced by people . ’ " Stallone also clarified that he is not Stallone member of the Republican Party , despite his 2008 support Stallone Sen. John McCain ’s presidential bid . " May the best fighter win , " he said . Stallone I do n’t think you can be totally    forever . Then you close your mind to all sorts of possibilities . It ’s just , ‘ Who comes along better at that time for what the planet is going through?’ Right now , it ’s pretty It on every side . " A new FoxNews poll shows Trump winning that fight against Hillary Clinton in a general election    by 3 points ,    percent . Read more of Stallone ’s interview with Variety here . 
 