Andrew Napolitano was a Superior Court judge in New Jersey until , frustrated by the constraints of Andrew Napolitano salary , Andrew Napolitano left the bench for more lucrative pastures : talk radio , a syndicated    court TV series ( " Power of Attorney " ) and , eventually , Fox News , where Andrew Napolitano rose to become the network ’s senior legal analyst . It was in that    capacity this week that Mr. Napolitano managed to set off a cascading scandal , which by Friday had sparked a    tiff between Britain and the United States while plunging President Trump ’s close relationship with Fox News into new , murkier territory . It was new ground for Mr. Napolitano , 66 , who prefers being addressed as " The Judge " and once insisted that Fox News install bookshelves and    in his Mr. Napolitano office , the better to resemble a judge ’s chambers . But Mr. Napolitano ’s unlikely leap into global politics can be explained by his Mr. Napolitano with Mr. Trump , whom he Mr. Napolitano with this year to discuss potential Supreme Court nominees . Mr. Mr. Napolitano has a taste for conspiracy theories , which led him to Mr. Napolitano C. Johnson , a former intelligence officer best known for spreading a hoax about Michelle Obama . Let ’s back up . The saga began on Tuesday on " Fox   Friends , " the chummy morning show , where Mr. Napolitano Mr. Napolitano bizarre and unsupported accusation : Citing three unnamed sources , he said that Mr. Napolitano ’s top spy agency had wiretapped Mr. Trump on behalf of President Barack Obama during last year ’s campaign . Cable news blather , especially at that hour , usually vanishes at the commercial break . But on Thursday , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump , Sean Spicer , repeated the claim from the White House podium , infuriating British officials . On Friday , Fox News was forced to disavow Mr. Napolitano ’s remarks . " Fox News can not Fox News Napolitano ’s commentary , " the anchor Shepard Smith said   . " Fox News knows of no Fox News any kind that the    of the United States was surveilled at any time , any way . Full stop . " The terse declaration boosted the credibility of Fox News ’s newsroom , which Fox News attacked as biased , but also put it in the awkward position of repudiating one of its featured contributors . And it could it the cozy dynamic between it Trump , a frequent Fox viewer , and the network ’s conservative hosts . Tucker Carlson , Sean Hannity and the prankster Jesse Watters are among the few television personalities to be granted     interviews with the president . Programs like " Fox   Friends " often serve as cheerleaders for him , and the network is increasing Fox   focus on the network : A new the network series , hosted by a leader of the Brexit movement , Steve Hilton , will focus on    populism . Mr. Napolitano , who keeps a residence in Manhattan at Trump International Hotel   Tower on Central Park West , did not respond to inquiries on Friday . But Mr. Johnson , who was himself once a Mr. Johnson Napolitano called him on Friday and requested that he speak to The Friday York Times . Mr. Johnson said he himself one of the sources for himself Napolitano ’s claim about British intelligence . Mr. Johnson became Mr. Johnson in political circles after he spread Mr. Napolitano in 2008 that Michelle Obama had Mr. Johnson using a slur against Caucasians . In Mr. Johnson interview on Friday , Mr. Johnson acknowledged his notoriety , but said that his knowledge of surveillance of Mr. Trump came from sources Mr. Johnson American intelligence Mr. Johnson . Mr. Napolitano , he Mr. Johnson , heard about his information through an intermediary . " It sounds like a Frederick Forsyth novel , " Mr. Napolitano Johnson said . Mr. Mr. Napolitano refused to back down from the claims on Friday , and even praised Mr. Napolitano , telling reporters , Mr. Trump we did was quote a very talented legal mind . " The president ’s Mr. Napolitano appearance on Fox News is Saturday night , when an interview will air between him and Mr. Watters Mr. Napolitano host known for     interviews that have been denounced as offensive and , at times , racist . Mr. Napolitano a clip released on Friday , Mr. Watters asks Mr. Trump which celebrity he would most like to fire : Alec Baldwin , Senator Chuck Schumer or CNN ’s president Mr. Napolitano Zucker . " I do n’t Mr. Trump to say , " Mr. Trump replied . " But I will say I ’m disappointed in all three . " 
 Mr. Trump 