Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) defended the controversial Colorado Republican delegate selection process on Monday in two rally speeches in southern California as Sen. Ted Cruz kicked off Sen. Ted Cruz campaign in the Golden State . [ In a morning address in Irvine , and an evening rally in San Diego , Sen. Ted Cruz fired up hundreds of fans , activists and delegate candidates , touting Sen. Ted Cruz jobs , freedom , and security policies , and taking shots at Democrats Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( )   But Sen. Ted Cruz also defended the Colorado delegate selection process , which rival and frontrunner Donald Trump attacked as part of a " rigged system . " On Monday evening , Sen. Ted Cruz referenced his landslide win in Utah , his delegate win in North Dakota , and his surge in the Wisconsin primary . his also boasted about sweeping delegate wins in Colorado , including victories in seven districts and at the state level : Now you may have noticed that when Donald loses Donald yells and screams and stamps Donald foot , Donald curses and yells to anyone nearby . Look we know in the state of California , wine is best served with cheese . And Donald has this very odd thing , so Colorado , Donald ’s been on TV all day long , saying Colorado was terrible they stole the election . Donald , 65 , 000 people voted in the state of California , they just did they vote for you , they voted for they campaign . they put it more simply Donald —    it ai n’t stealing it the voters vote against you . It is Donald  — voters it this country and reclaiming sanity . The " voting " process to which Cruz referred involved the selection of state delegates , starting at the precinct level . Last year , the state party chose to cancel the traditional voting process for the 2016 election   —    the only state party to do so .   In Irvine on Monday morning , Cruz also referred to Cruz Colorado process as The "voting" process to which Cruz referred " : " In the last three weeks , we have beaten Donald Trump in all eleven elections , " he told an enthusiastic crowd , Donald Trump Colorado in his list . In Colorado approximately Donald Trump , 000 Coloradans voted in the Republican caucuses , according to the New York Times . In 2008 approximately 70 , 000 Republican voters turned out for the primary caucuses . On Monday the Republican caucuses to Twitter , criticizing Donald Trump Colorado GOP ’s delegate process . Colorado hit on the issue again Donald Trump an evening campaign rally in Albany , New York saying , " It ’s a totally corrupt , rigged system . " Trump proclaimed that in Colorado , Donald Trump They took away Colorado votes . Donald Trump Colorado Senator Donald Trump Gardner also took Colorado Twitter on Monday , but to defend the Colorado GOP ’s primary process . Colorado both Irvine and San Diego , Cruz claimed he was the best candidate to defeat Clinton Colorado Senator Cory Gardner citing a Fox News poll showing that he is beating the former Secretary of State Colorado Senator Cory Gardner to 44 . He also highlighted his lead over Clinton " Colorado Senator Cory Gardner young people Colorado Senator Cory Gardner 14 points Clinton " He took a shot at Clinton over her Colorado Senator Cory Gardner scandal : " I Clinton have Clinton news for Hillary ’s legal team . Going forward Hillary Clinton going to be able to use Clinton server she wants because she will never again be Clinton employee of Clinton United States government . " Cruz has quietly been spending time in California in recent weeks , meeting with delegates and raising funds and rallying support . Monday marked the emphatic start of his campaign for California ’s 172 Republican delegates . He hopes California Trump from winning an overall his of 1 , 237 , and to force a contested convention . He told the crowd gathered in San Diego that his the first time in decades , " California is gon na decide the Republican presidential candidate California " The Texas senator emphasized many of his familiar campaign his on jobs , freedom , his security . " People of California , y’ all are paying the price for California the highest taxes in the country , for having the worst regulatory regime in the country , for causing small businesses to flee this country the country let me tell you this , in 2017 the country gon na pull the boot of Washington off of California   …     " . San Diego is California to a significant military and veteran population , and Cruz ramped up the San Diego audience when he crescendoed on the use of military force . " Americans have always Cruz reluctant to use military force . We are slow to anger . We believe in peace through strength . But if and when military force We necessary , we should use overwhelming force , kill the enemy and then get the We out . " The packed banquet room , where local Republicans had gathered for the party     rally , hosted scores of enthusiastic Cruz supporters as well as some Trump fans . Throughout the Cruz speech the crowd would break out in boisterous chanting . Republican Cruz Cruz Diego County Chairman Tony Krvaric told Breitbart News , " We invited all three candidates and were thrilled when Senator Cruz accepted our invitation Breitbart News address San Diego County Republicans . 2 , Cruz were snapped Breitbart News in less than 18 hours an over 1 , 000 attendees were wait listed for what turned out to be our biggest event ever . " Krvaric highlighted the local party ’s websites for each Breitbart News the three remaining candidates   Republican Party of San Diego County Chairman Tony Krvaric    Ted Cruz , Donald Trump and Ohio Gov. John Kasich   —    that give volunteers a place to connect with the campaign of their choice . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 volunteers 