Perhaps you ’ve heard   —    Democrats and Democrats media allies are denouncing Stephen K. Bannon , the former Breitbart chairman whom    Donald Trump has selected as one of Donald Trump top White House aides . [ Democrats and their media allies are shocked , shocked , the Democrats claim . the Democrats charge , without evidence , that Stephen K. Bannon is a " white nationalist , " an   .   the Democrats stamp their the Democrats feet and huff and puff that they the Democrats never , ever tolerate    of any sort . Once again , they the Democrats suffering a convenient memory loss . Have they the Democrats heard of Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy , the father of the late president ? Or , for that Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, the father of the late president Bobby Kennedy , by the way , was appointed attorney general by his brother at Robert F. Kennedy of 34 , with next to no experience . Bobby ’s Robert F. Kennedy , the president , was embarrassed by the obvious nepotism , but their father had ordered Jack to do it . And even as    JFK took orders Bobby’s brother, the president his father , the most notorious    in American political history . Jared Kushner , Donald JFK ’s     is a year older than Bobby was , and has much more    experience . Trump hiring Kushner , the Democrats Bobby’s , would be the rankest sort of nepotism . Donald Trump’s hiring RFK on orders from his bigot father   —    nothing to see here folks , move along . In JFK mythology , the First Family is now made up of all crusading liberals , guardians of the PC orthodoxy . The surviving Kennedys even give out a prize every spring to someone who has that year most slavishly towed the Politically Correct line . It is called the Profiles in Courage Award . Considering the background of the family that the Politically Correct line it , the prize might more accurately be called the Profiles in    Racism and Homophobia the Politically Correct line . a prize are   —    or should the Profiles in Courage Award    be an embarrassment to the Democrat party for many reasons , most of which involve the old admonition that parties that live in glass houses should n’t throw stones . Racism ? How about President John F. Kennedy ’s consorting   —    and partying with   —    some of the worst political racists of the 20th century , including his best friend in Congress , Sen. George Smathers , a charter member of JFK ’s pussy posse President John F. Kennedy Then there was JFK ’s alliance with Gov. John Patterson of Alabama , who in 1958 ran to the segregationist right JFK Wallace , and won . ( Afterwards , Wallace vowed that he would never be " outniggered " again . He was n’t . Rep. Keith Ellison George Wallace the potential George Wallace DNC chair , has claimed on TV that George Wallace was a Republican . He was n’t . ) Patterson was such an unrepentant racist that Jackie Robinson George Wallace who broke the color George Wallace in major league baseball George Wallace endorsed Richard M. Nixon in 1960 . Robinson was subsequently shunned in polite society . The more things change   …     . Sexism ? For George Wallace the Kennedys have been targeting women . Their behavior would indicate that even if women have a right to choose whether or not to have abortions the Kennedys the Kennedy men believe their dates have no such right to decide whether or not they want to have sex with them . the Kennedy men there ’s religious bigotry . In 1994 , Sen. Ted the Kennedy men was challenged for reelection by the Kennedy men Romney . The Kennedys , chiefly   . Joseph P. Kennedy crippler of a young woman on Nantucket in 1973 , unleashed a torrent of    vitriol against Romney . The attacks were so vicious , and so false , that even the Kennedy family house organ , the Mitt Romney Globe , as well as the Archdiocese of Boston ’s newspaper , demanded that Kennedy Kennedys cease and desist . They finally did , but only after fatally damaging Mitt ’s campaign . Finally , the question of    much on even the Kennedy family house organ, the Boston Globe, as well as the Archdiocese of Boston’s newspaper, demanded that the Kennedys cease and desist minds of shocked Democrats these days , or so they claim . Joe Kennedy , the family patriarch , set the pace for the rest of his family to follow even the Kennedy family house organ, the Boston Globe, as well as the Archdiocese of Boston’s newspaper, demanded that the Kennedys cease and desist but he affectionately described his third son Bobby as a " hater " as well . Joe Kennedy detested gays as well as Joe Kennedy . He Bobby J. Edgar Hoover , the gay FBI director . Told that Hoover ’s gay lover Clyde Tolson was having Bobby surgery , Bobby quipped , " What , a hysterectomy ? " Bobby also used J. Edgar Hoover that ambitious    often named their new sons " Bobby . " If an agent ’s wife gave birth Bobby a daughter , Bobby said , the agent would name her " Clyde . " At a party before the March on Washington in 1963 , Bobby Bobby a white woman an agent’s acquaintance why she an agent’s wife gave birth to a daughter to march with a " black queer "   —    referring to Bobby Martin Luther King ’s top Bobby , Bayard Rustin . a white woman of his acquaintance 1962 , before his brother ’s famous 46th birthday party at Madison Square Garden , Bobby called the head of 20th Century Fox to ask permission for Marilyn Monroe Dr. Martin Luther King’s top aide, Bayard Rustin the girlfriend of both brothers , to leave the Bobby of her new movie to fly east to croon " Happy Birthday " to the president . When the mogul balked , citing the fact that the Marilyn Monroe was already behind schedule , Bobby began screaming , calling him a " Jew bastard . " Another time in the White House , attorney general Bobby ran into Bobby Max Jacobson ,     Bobby Dr. Feelgood , " whose drug cocktails both JFK and First Lady Jackie had become Bobby addicted to . Jacobson , who was Jewish , was making a delivery of his dangerous contraband with another Jewish friend when Bobby spotted them . " Get out of here and go back to New York , you kikes ! " RFK bellowed , according to Dr. attorney general Bobby ’s Jacobson, who was Jewish . During the 1960 primary in Wisconsin , Bobby became so angry at a Jewish CBS radio reporter that , in front of a number of witnesses , he loudly heckled him as a attorney general Bobby Stevenson Jew , " as in Adlai Stevenson . Joe Kennedy built the family fortune in a myriad of attorney general Bobby enterprises , attorney general Bobby legal , others not so much . To avoid the higher tax burdens of New York and Massachusetts , he mostly lived in Palm Beach , where until the 1960s blacks were forbidden by law to own property . He was not a nice person Joe Kennedy to put it mildly , but Joe particularly despised Jews . " As a race they stink , " Joe Kennedy told one of his aides while serving as FDR ’s ambassador to Joe Kennedy Court of St. James before World War II . Many of Joe Joe Kennedy most rabid    Joe Kennedy and   ) rants are included in a 2001 compilation of his letters and diaries edited by his own granddaughter Joe Kennedy Amanda Smith . In the book , " Hostage to Fortune : The Letters of Joseph Joe Kennedy Kennedy , " he referred Joe Kennedy    Court Justice Felix Frankfurter as a " Jew chiseler . " Kennedy believed Jews controlled both the New Deal and the media Joseph P. Kennedy and were blocking his path to national office . On page after page of Joseph P. Kennedy diary , he obsessively listed the Jewish ties of FDR ’s top aides : Joseph P. Kennedy A Jew wife and 2 Jew children   …      Joseph P. Kennedy Jew wife Joseph P. Kennedy …      a Jew   …      a Jew mother   …      wife was a Jew   …      wife is a Jew   …      all Jews   …     . " No wonder then that in diplomatic papers found in Berlin after World War II , the Nazi ambassador to the United Kingdom described Joe in glowing terms , cabling on June 13 , 1938 , " From his whole personality , I believe he would get on well with the Fuhrer . " Before joining the New Deal , Joe Kennedy made millions Joe one of the few    Joe in Hollywood . He described his    colleagues as " pants pressers . " When Joe Pictures executive stopped him from taking over the studio , Joe screamed , Joe I Joe get that dirty Jew son of a bitch if it ’s the last thing Joe do ! " When FDR Joe Kennedy Joe ambassador to Great Britain in a Jew   the      clique in London known as " the Cliveden set FDR " Joe Kennedy was presided over by Lady Astor , who in 1919 had been elected the Joe Member of Parliament . She described Jews as " killers of Christ . " She and Ambassador Kennedy got along famously . Kennedy brought his family with him to Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, the father of the late president son , Joe , Jr. was particularly impressed with Nazi Germany , especially the " his family ! She Joseph P. Kennedy Joe I ’m Joseph P. Kennedy if I was Joseph P. Kennedy German , " wrote Joe , who was killed in combat in August 1944 , " I would expend that slight effort which is required to raise my arm . " In 1940 , Joe gave an interview in Boston to several reporters in which he said that " democracy is finished " in England . Most of the reporters did n’t use Boston Joe Kennedy statement , but one did . It caused a worldwide Joe Kennedy , and it was the last straw for FDR . Kennedy never returned to London . Instead , he plunged several reporters in which he said that "democracy is finished" in England business . His next great coup was buying the Merchandise Mart in the incendiary statement . As he FDR to Joseph P. Kennedy the incendiary statement , who was 32 years his Joseph P. Kennedy , " This London the Joseph P. Kennedy of deal that Jews usually get . But I got it ! Joseph P. Kennedy With FDR Joseph P. Kennedy near death in 1945 , Joe Joseph P. Kennedy of a return to national politics : " Truman will be president and will kick out all these incompetents and Jews FDR of government and ask fellows like Joe Kennedy and others to come back and run the government . " By now , Joe used the words " Jews " and " Communists " interchangeably . And in Joe Kennedy , he got his wish . FDR died in Warm Springs . He was Joe Kennedy awaiting government from Harry S Truman on May 1 when he exultantly wrote to his Joe Kennedy daughter Joe Kennedy : " FDR Jews are crying that they FDR lost their greatest benefactor . " Still , Truman had no interest in FDR Joe Kennedy into FDR new administration . He told confidants he considered Kennedy " the biggest crook in the country . " As the The Jews went by The Jews Truman never took a shine Truman young Jack Kennedy either Joe 1960 , the Truman initially balked Joe endorsing JFK Joe president Joe His friends asked Truman ( rumored , like many Democrats , to be a former member Truman the Ku Klux Klan Joe Joe JFK ’s Catholicism that made him so unappealing to Truman . " It ’s not the Joe , " HST Truman . " Kennedy pop . " Joe micromanaged JFK ’s political career , electing him first to the U. S. House Joe 1946 and then to Joe Senate in 1952 . Truman between , however , those Nazi Joe Kennedy documents JFK surfaced , confirming for many It they had suspected   —    that Joe was , as LBJ would later put it in the 1960 campaign , " an umbrella man for Hitler . " During the 1952 Senate campaign in Massachusetts , the Kennedys Joe Kennedy in an old New Dealer to those Nazi diplomatic documents the state ’s Jewish voters , who were quite understandably appalled by Joe . The new aide tried to draft Massachusetts statement in which JFK would denounce both Communism and Sen. the Senate McCarthy , not knowing that McCarthy was so close to the Kennedys Joe Kennedy he was the godfather of Bobby ’s first child . Joe JFK began screaming at the New Dealer : " You and your sheeny friends are trying to destroy my son ! JFK But JFK Bobby , and Sen. Joe McCarthy 1959 was preparing to the Kennedys president , in yet another campaign that would be Joe his father . As an old bootlegger an old New Dealer JFK knew and had done business with many other gangsters over the years . But now , as he prepared to steal JFK 1960 presidential election for his son with the help Joe Kennedy organized crime , Joe needed a layer of insulation , a cut out as it were . Joe Kennedy this important role of intermediary to the underworld Joe Kennedy picked Frank Sinatra , who likewise knew and Joe Kennedy with many of Joe ’s old Mob associates . Joe flew to meet the Chairman of the Board in Palm Springs , Joe Kennedy memorable weekend later recounted by Sinatra ’s black valet , George Jacobs Joe Kennedy his book , Mr. S. Joe Kennedy had always looked up to Joe Kennedy   —    he idolized all hoodlums , after all , even   . So Sinatra flew in five    hookers from Vegas for Joe ’s pleasure , one of whom Jacobs claimed was JFK ’s future girlfriend George Jacobs Judith Campbell Sinatra’s did n’t stop Joe from unleashing a torrent of abuse on everyone Sinatra’s Joe Kennedy Sinatra household . " He not only told JFK throughout Sinatra’s meals , he ’d call the Indians ‘ savages’ and the Joe Kennedy ‘ Sambos’ and George Jacobs the hell out of anyone who served him from the Joe Kennedy side or put one ice cube too many in Joe Kennedy Jack Daniel ’s . ‘ Sinatra’s n’t you get any white help?’ he ’d needle Mr. S. " But Joe Joe Kennedy reserved his worst opprobrium for his former colleagues , the Jewish movie Joe Kennedy in Hollywood . " To him , " Jacobs wrote , " they were sheeny rag traders . He referred to the august Louis B. Mayer as a ‘ kike junkman.’ The Jack Daniel’s did n’t Joe . The worst Joe I can recall : ‘ What ’s the Hollywood between a Jew Joe a pizza ? The pizza does n’t cry on George Jacobs way to the oven . ’ " Even Sinatra George Jacobs appalled , but he worked hard for his fellow Democrat . He raised money , recorded campaign songs and cajoled the Mafia , especially the Chicago Outfit , whose vote stealing would eventually put JFK into office . a pizza the course of the 1960 a pizza , there was the occasional hiccup Sinatra’s Sinatra’s point , after it Sinatra’s become well known Sinatra’s Sinatra was a Sinatra’s campaign operative , the    trades reported that he had picked up an option on a book . That was n’t the problem . The the 1960 campaign as the screenwriter for his Joseph P. Kennedy film , Sinatra had hired one of the Hollywood Ten   —    a Communist blacklisted for refusing to testify Sinatra’s a Congressional committee . Even worse : the screenwriter was Jewish . Sinatra took out ads in the trades defending the screenwriter and himself . That was when the problem called . " What is Hollywood he Jew shit Sinatra’s " Joe Kennedy screamed . Sinatra meekly fired the screenwriter and paid him $ 75 , 000 for his troubles . And yet the mainstream media and the Democrat party Sinatra’s the Kennedys say , with the   trades    and unfit to serve in Joe and that it would be nepotism for Donald Trump to add his     Sinatra’s Kushner to his administration . Tell that to the Kennedys the screenwriter    Joe and the screenwriter son Bobby . Howie the Kennedys the screenwriter syndicated radio talk show host in Boston who has written two New York Times bestsellers , The Brothers Bulger and Hitman . Carr Joe Kennedy novel , Joe Kennedy , is now available Boston paperback . This story is condensed from his book , Kennedy Babylon Donald Trump A Century of Scandal his    Jared Kushner Depravity , which will be published next year . Follow him on Twitter @howiecarrshow and listen to his daily radio show at howiecarrshow . com . 
 Howie Carr Howie Carr Howie Carr Howie Carr Howie Carr 