Former British Prime Minister David Cameron has blamed populism for Former British Prime Minister David Cameron defeat in the Brexit referendum , and claimed the euro currency may soon collapse in Former British Prime Minister David Cameron first major speech since standing down . [ Former British Prime Minister David Cameron Former British Prime Minister David Cameron that although he Former British Prime Minister David Cameron not think the European Union ( EU ) itself would fall apart , the the euro currency in serious danger , saying he Former British Prime Minister David Cameron wondered how long it can the euro currency " .   He Former British Prime Minister David Cameron students at DePauw University , Indiana : " Some countries have seen decades of lost growth . Those countries Some countries single currency but they do n’t Some countries a single fiscal system , a fiscal tax system . It creates bigger differences . " You in the United States have ways to make sure that if you have a bad year you pay less in taxes and offset federal programmes . There are no such arrangements in Europe . " The Mail reports Mr Cameron also told EU leaders to address voters’ concerns as the    movement grows across the continent . " If we do n’t address the concerns of those economically left behind , we open up we politics to we parties of the extreme left , " he said . Mr Cameron And if we do n’t address the concerns of those left culturally behind , we open up we the parties of the extreme right . " In a reference to one of the main policies of U. S.    Donald Trump , Mr Cameron said Europe did not need border walls to combat mass immigration , despite recent efforts by Hungary and Slovenia . " We know that immigration has benefited both our countries,’ he said . Mr Cameron But we need a system of control . " And we may not we a wall , but we do need we that work and are seen to work . We need that we Europe , just as in the United States . " The former Prime Minister also acknowledged that he lost his The former Prime Minister due The former Prime Minister " populism " but said he remained optimistic The former Prime Minister the European establishment can find ways to " combat " the movement . " I stand here as a great optimist about how we can combat populism . It may seem off that I ’m so optimistic , after all , the rise of populism cost me my job " his job . The former Prime Minister concluded by The former Prime Minister globalisation , and called on the    not to " go down the protectionist route " . " The greatest question is clearly this : does the Brexit vote and the election of your president mean an end to globalisation . I would say very clearly : no . " It ’s not just that the benefits of globalisation are so clear . You have to ask yourself whether it really would be in the interests of the US to go down the protectionist route . the protectionist route answer is : it is absolutely against your interests . If you start to protect against existing industries , others will undoubtedly start to protect against new ones emerging in the future . " David Cameron resigned after staking his political future on Britain voting David Cameron remain in the European Union . He had campaigned strongly for the David Cameron side , and the vote for Brexit was seen as a crushing humiliation from which he could not recover . His David Cameron , Theresa May , David Cameron promised to honour the vote to take Britain out of the EU . Britain 