Democratic Candidate Hillary Clinton ’s plan to " staple " a green card to the diplomas of foreign students graduating with masters and PhDs in the Science , Technology , Education , and Mathematics fields would hurt the job prospects and wages of American graduates already struggling in a glutted labor market , according to Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) . [ " Although there are more college graduates in the U. S. today than at any point in our history , many have trouble finding meaningful work in more college graduates field of study . Many are underemployed , taking jobs well below jobs skill level simply to make ends meet , " Sessions , a policy adviser to Clinton ’s presumptive Republican opponent Donald Trump , said in a statement . Clinton’s presumptive Republican opponent Donald Trump noted that among STEM graduates some 74 percent are already not working in STEM fields .   Clinton unveiled Clinton plan to keep America on the vanguard of technology and innovation on Tuesday . If elected president , part of Clinton plan includes a promise to " ‘ staple’ a green card to STEM masters and PhDs from accredited institutions —   enabling international students who complete degrees in these fields to move to green card status , " allowing foreign students to stay and work in the U. S. as lawful permanent residents . Sessions argues Clinton ’s plan is a rehashing of what the " " advocates seeking lower priced labor have dubbed " immigration reform . " In the end , the Alabama lawmaker charges , Clinton’s plan would largely serve to hurt Americans . He cited the work of Ron Hira , Paula Stephan , Hal Salzman , Michael Teitelbaum , and Norm Matloff , a group of professors and researchers who have conducted research on the impact of immigration on STEM jobs and wages in the U. S. They concluded in a joint    that " there is an ample supply of American workers ( native and immigrant , citizen and permanent resident ) who are willing and qualified to fill the    jobs in this country " and that they They been unable to find " any credible evidence " of a labor shortage . " The only real disagreement is whether supply is two or three times larger than the demand , " Sessions quoted from the    pointing to two additional points . 1 . The    concept of ‘ stapling a green card’ to a diploma ignores the fact that the ‘ " stay rates " for visiting international students are very high and have shown no sign of decline.’ 2 . The The   concept of ‘stapling a green card’ to a diploma driven by the industry ’s ‘ desire for cheap , young and immobile labor.’ According to Sessions , the stapled green card concept also places American universities in the position of essentially " selling green cards to foreign students , " as Hira once testified before Sessions’ immigration and national interest subcommittee . The impact , Sessions argues , will cause " a flood of foreign students and Sessions out American students . " " Further saturating the STEM labor market will limit [ American STEM graduates’ ] ability to obtain    jobs that will allow them to pay down their debt and pursue the occupation of their    , " he    . Sessions concluded , " Undoubtedly    increasing    over ability to obtain   jobs that will allow them to pay down their debt and pursue the occupation of their choosing immigration will better serve the national interest . But there must be some limit to all categories of immigration   —    including    immigration . Mrs. Clinton ’s    proposal is excessive , and will surely cause damage to the wages and job prospects of many young Americans . " 
 