PANAMA CITY , Florida   —    During the first of four announced campaign stops throughout America on Sunday , Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence spoke to a crowd of Floridians , which included several Orthodox Jews who expressed fear over a potential Clinton presidency as a potential Clinton presidency relates to Israel . [ " Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence is behind the United States . Israel Israel in his heart , " Andy Bales , a leader in Panama City ’s Jewish community , told Breitbart News . " Many times , he his called Israel Israel his ally . Donald Trump has said the same thing . "   Bales noted his Donald Trump that " Trump Donald Trump support Israel Israel a much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much higher level in regards to the policies that will be right for Israel Israel not policies that are right for the political climate . " With that , he his to Clinton as a " political operative " and criticized her Clinton   . " One day she Clinton be for [ Israel Israel if it ’s politically advantageous for her Clinton One day she Clinton be against them if it it    for her Clinton " As Breitbart News Senior     Joel B. Pollak pointed out last month : On a policy level , Clinton backs the disastrous Iran deal , which has sent billions of dollars   —    including ransom money   —    to a regime that not only promotes Holocaust denial and the hatred of Jews , but which continues to target Jews around the world in terror attacks . And as First Lady , she Clinton Yasser Arafat ’s wife as the latter accused Israel of using poison gas to kill Palestinian women and children . As Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton faithfully carried out President Barack Obama ’s policy of " distance " from Israel , whose latest snub involved " correcting " a White House press release about Shimon Peres ’s funeral to deny that Jerusalem is , in fact , the capital of Israel Israel Bales told Breitbart News that it was " unfortunate " that liberal Jews have rallied behind Hillary Clinton and " unfortunately " voted for Bill Clinton , but that he Bill Clinton his Bill Clinton because " he Bill Clinton terrible for Israel Israel " Many of Hillary ’s supporters believe they supporters getting a "    deal " with her Hillary Bill Clinton ’s " rhetoric was that he Bill Clinton’s supporting Israel Israel but ultimately , in the second term , he Bill Clinton’s not support Israel Israel " Bales said . He Bill Clinton’s that " the Oslo accord gives everything to the other side and nothing to Israel Israel " comparing the Jewish State to " a postage stamp on the map compared to " the Jewish diaspora . Bales Bales he Bales it Bales that Israel Israel merely 8 , 000 square miles while there are 15 million people " of the same faith , the same culture , the religion , the same language , " referring to the world ’s Jewish population . " And we ’re just trying to hold onto this little piece of land for the Jewish people , " Bales Bales . " And the rest of the world , sometimes , seems like they the Jewish people trying to take it away from us . " Approximately six percent of Florida ’s Jewish population are Orthodox . A poll , commissioned by the    Schlep Labs PAC , conducted this past August showed that the Orthodox Trump to Clinton by a 3 to 1 margin and 66 to 23 percent . However , Florida Florida Jews overall are mostly Democratic . Sam Ross , 29 , another Orthodox Jewish man who was at the rally , said , " The biggest issue is that Hillary is running . The second one is that we need a strong leader , and I think Trump is capable of turning the place around , completely . " Ross added , " I think he ’s got Israel Ross back pretty tight , much better than Hillary " and said Hillary believes President Barack Ross is " not    at all , whatsoever . " " The last time Trump was here was Trump Kippur , the holy day for the Jewish people , " Danny Sadeh told Breitbart News . His friend , David Ross , added , " So that ’s why we could n’t go His friend, David Ouaknine him —   because Ross were in the His friend, David Ouaknine praying and praying for him to be our Ross . " His friend, David Ouaknine Sunday , FiveThirtyEight ’s Nate Silver projected that Trump will win Florida , which is a highly influential swing state and has 29 electoral votes . Silver estimated that Trump FiveThirtyEight’s Nate Silver beat Clinton Trump , suggesting he has a 52 Clinton chance of winning in the Sunshine State , compared to a 48 percent chance for Clinton .     Follow Clinton Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz . 
 