As Thomas Jefferson said,"A little rebellion now and then is a good thing . " [ It ’s no secret , there ’s rebellion brewing in the ranks of the Republican base . And , for good reason .    Until August , ground zero in rebellion brewing in the ranks of the Republican base was , of course , Donald Trump ’s candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination , which , when he Donald Trump’s won , rocked and shocked the Republican establishment and political world at large . Truly , he Donald Trump’s people ’s pain and has an intuitive , real feel for what ’s wrong and what needs to change . It ’s that simple . Now , the ringside seat is the First Congressional District of Wisconsin , where House Speaker Paul Ryan uses phrases like " conservative principles " that do n’t exactly inspire a country song . He Donald Trump’s being challenged in the August 9 primary by Wisconsin Wisconsin Paul F. Nehlen III , known as the Wisconsin Trump . Nehlen originally supported Ryan Paul Ryan he Paul Ryan disenchanted with his Paul Ryan positions on immigration , borders and trade .   Trump the Wisconsin Trump in a show of party unity , has , of course , endorsed Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Ryan , Nehlen has Nehlen impressive supporters . Major General Paul Vallely ( . ) who served 32 years in the Army , having retired as Deputy Commanding General , U. S. Army , Pacific , for one , supports Nehlen , Nehlen , " Ryan has Paul Ryan stood tall on controlling Obama and government spending , the border or refugee influx . "     But , Ryan , Paul Ryan has a chance to show his strength Paul Ryan   now , " he said Paul Ryan This    exercise comes via the biggest news of the week , reported by Jay Solomon of the Wall Street Journal . Namely , that President Barack Obama U. S. transfer of $ 400 million in cash to the Islamic Republic of Iran , the leading state sponsor of terrorism , in foreign currencies used to pay terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Iran ’s elite Quds Iran , that do its dirty work . Iran very terrorists who planted IEDs that have maimed and killed countless U. S. fighting men and women and their coalition partners , among other dastardly deeds . " And , we ’re rewarding them ? " said Vallely . " What treason ! " This money , which the Shah of Iran gave to America Iran protection shortly before his overthrow in 1979 the Shah of Iran has , for nearly 40 years , been in legal limbo . And , presto , just after the money was delivered in the dark of night in an unmarked    plane , four American hostages Iran ’s Hitlerian regime Iran , were sprung free . One hostage confirmed that their release was contingent on One hostage of the cash craft —   that they were waiting for hours One hostage the airport and could not be released until the plane arrived . Since an unmarked   plane S government is forbidden by law to engage in cash transactions with Iran , given its hyperkinetic Iran activity , Obama the U. S government actions are clearly impeachable , said Vallely —   especially given that , " it appears obvious the cash was Vallely —   money . " To argue , he said , that this money Vallely —   part of the ransom money deal and since Iran do not have a banking relationship with Iran , it was cash Iran nothing and that it ’s just " random coincidence " it the plane arrived and the hostages were released simultaneously , is " pure bull . " The money could have been wired , ransom money , via an international body , and the coincidence theory " stinks . " Therefore , the " hard , cold truth , " he said , is that House Speaker Paul Ryan has no choice but to initiate impeachment proceedings to remove the President of the United States , Barack Obama , from office .   " He may well be planning to do so he " he said . " Otherwise it ’s a he of duty . "   " Let ’s hope he does the right thing , it said he . But , " let ’s also keep our eyes on the prize it The most important victory ensuring we prevail over this treason is in November when ‘ America First’ citizens elect Trump . "   Mary Claire Kendall is a    writer and author of Oasis : Conversion Stories of Hollywood Legends . She served four years in the Presidential Administration Mary Claire Kendall is a   writer and author of Oasis: Conversion Stories of Hollywood Legends George H. W. Bush and has written extensively about the Middle East . 
 