Two senior White House officials suggested on Monday that President Trump ’s unsubstantiated claim that President Barack Obama had tapped President Trump telephone was not meant to be taken literally , arguing that President Trump had been referring more broadly to a variety of surveillance efforts during the 2016 campaign when he President Trump the incendiary accusation . " He President Trump n’t really think that President President Barack Obama up and tapped his phone President Barack Obama , " said Sean Spicer Mr. Spicer fact , Mr. Spicer said , when Mr. President Trump in a Twitter post last weekend that Mr. Obama " President Barack Obama ‘ wires tapped’ in Trump Tower , " he was referring generally President Barack Obama surveillance activities during the 2016 race   —    not to an actual telephone wiretap . " The president was very President Barack Obama his tweet that it was President Barack Obama you know , ‘ wiretapping,’ " Mr. Spicer said , using his fingers to make a gesture suggesting quotation marks . " That Mr. Spicer a whole host of surveillance types of options . " Mr. Spicer said there have been " numerous reports from a variety Mr. Spicer over the last couple months that seemed to indicate that there has been different types of surveillance that occurred during the 2016 election . " The remarks were the first time the White House sought to explain the accusation Mr. Trump made in a series of posts on Twitter saying Mr. Obama " was tapping my phones " and calling the former president a " bad ( or sick ) guy . " The explanations came as the Justice Department asked the leaders of the House Intelligence Committee , who had given a Monday deadline to produce proof of Mr. Trump ’s claim , for more time " to determine what if Mr. Trump exist . " Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump ’s senior adviser , said in an interview on Sunday that Mr. Obama Mr. Trump any number of devices other than a traditional telephone wiretap , even including a microwave oven . Ms. Conway clarified on Monday that she was not accusing the former president of snooping via a kitchen appliance , arguing that her Ms. Conway had been taken out of context . " I ’m not Inspector Gadget , " Ms. Conway said Monday on CNN . " I do n’t believe people are using the microwave to Ms. Conway on Monday Trump campaign . " But in an interview with a columnist for The Record of Bergen County , N. J. the day before , she said Mr. Obama ’s alleged spying efforts against Mr. Trump could have been far more extensive Ms. Conway a telephone wiretap . " What I can Trump there are many ways to surveil each other , " Ms. Conway told the paper . " You can surveil someone through their phones , certainly through Ms. Conway sets   —    any number of ways . " Surveillance can even be carried out with their microwaves that turn into cameras , " she added . " We know this is a fact of modern life . " The unusual and Ms. Conway explanations from Mr. Spicer and Ms. Conway reflected the contortions that members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle have employed to explain the president ’s explosive accusation , which he has yet to address personally . Neither Mr. Trump nor anyone at the White House has presented any the president’s for the claim , instead asking Congress to investigate it as part of its inquiry into Russia ’s interference in the presidential election . Both the House Intelligence the claim and the Senate the claim Committee have requested that the Department of Justice provide evidence it may have for Mr. Trump ’s charge , but Mr. Spicer said on Monday that the president had the claim instructed the department Mr. Spicer He suggested that Mr. Trump had relied on Mr. Trump’s reports , including the Department of Justice New York Times , to make his charge . Mr. Spicer is interesting how many news outlets reported that this activity was taking place during the 2016 election cycle , and Mr. Spicer are wondering where the proof is , " Mr. Spicer said . The Times and other news outlets have reported extensively on surveillance in the United States during the 2016 presidential campaign , Mr. Spicer to Russia ’s efforts to influence the election . But The Times has never reported that intelligence or    officials were themselves spying on Mr. Trump . What The Times and other news organizations have reported is that American intelligence agencies have communication intercepts that officials believe intelligence or   officials were contacts between associates of Mr. Trump The Times and other news outlets The Times Still , several    websites , including Infowars , which traffics in conspiracy theories and whose eccentric operator , Alex Jones , has interviewed Mr. Trump , have erroneously asserted that The Times and others had reported that the president was under surveillance . In a story dated March 6 , Infowars cited a Jan. 19 article in The Times detailing how American law enforcement and intelligence agencies were examining intercepted communications as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and Trump associates . " Flashback : NYT admits wiretaps used against Trump , " the headline read . The story noted that The Times " did n’t specifically mention that Trump himself , or Trump Tower , was bugged , " but the caveat has not stopped Mr. Trump ’s supporters from insisting The Times Times was a source for the president Trump tweet . Ms. Conway told CNN that in her interview , she had not been referring Trump ’s charges when she The Times microwave surveillance , nor could she offer any proof of his allegations . " I ’m not in Ms. Conway job of Ms. Conway evidence , " she said the president’s ’s what investigations are Ms. Conway . " Ms. Conway said she had Ms. Conway meant to imply that the president’s Obama had used a microwave to spy on Mr. Trump . 
 Ms. Conway Ms. Conway Ms. Conway 