Author and radio host Mark Steyn offers support to Breitbart ’s # DumpKelloggs boycott in Breitbart latest column , noting the danger posed to free speech and culture when corporations increasingly politicize every issue by siding with the left in order to silence or    the left ’s political opponents , which Steyn writes is the real aim of Kellogg ’s actions . [ Steyn at first takes aim at the Associated Press’ characterization of Breitbart in the wire service ’s article about Kellogg Kellogg boycott , in which the AP writes : " Breitbart Breitbart been condemned for featuring racist , sexist and    content . "   From Steyn : AP does the AP actually produce any evidence of " racist , sexist and    content " which would require considerable journalistic effort on its part the AP Instead , it states blandly that the site has been " condemned " as such . " Condemned " used to be a term with legal meaning : A judge tells a convicted man that he is A judge condemned to hang " . But in this case Breitbart has A judge been convicted of anything , merely labeled by its political opponents . Just like Reuters could " condemn " Associated Press for " featuring pedophile content " . If labeling is all it now takes . And in fact the real target here is not Breitbart so A judge as the incoming President of the United States , who has appointed Breitbart honcho Steve Bannon as a senior counselor . The losing side in the election wants to " " Trump and his administration , by in effect    his voters his their electoral victory .    …      I hate boycotts , too . I want to be free to reject Kellogg ’s cereals because they suck Kellogg’s cereals than because buying them is Kellogg’s cereals political act . But John Hinderaker ’s right : This is a    street that leads to a de facto    state , or at any rate a    culture . The left wants a world in which a discount furniture warehouse is free to advertise with Rachel Maddow but not Rush Limbaugh . And in pushing further and further down that path they make everything political , and render normal civic life all but impossible   —    to the point where the CEO of something as universal and unobjectionable as Kellogg ’s Corn Flakes finds it easier to side with the losing side in a free election , and against half of his fellow citizens . So , if Kellogg ’s Kellogg to shrink the market for Frosted Flakes by 50 per cent , fine : let ’s frost Kellogg’s out , until they understand ’em , in politicizing everything , they ’re ’em flakes . Read the rest here . 
 