EAU CLAIRE , Wisconsin   —    Donald Trump has been drawing large , capacity crowds at   Donald Trump rallies across the country over the past week , dwarfing   —    by far   —    most of the crowds at Hillary Clinton events . [ But the evidence from new voter registration and early voting leans somewhat in Hillary Clinton ’s favor , overall .   That raises the question : do Trump ’s crowds mean anything   —    and if so , what ? Panoramic shot of # Trump rally in # LasVegas as seen from media pen pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 30 , 2016 ,   " Crowds do n’t vote , " as the saying goes . Nowhere was that more true than in the Democratic primary in California . Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) drew massive audiences all across the Golden State , filing stadiums and leaving many thousands outside . The polls were also close , showing Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) catching up to Clinton even reaching a dead heat in some instances . But in the end , Clinton the polls , trouncing Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) soundly   —    by   . Panoramic shot of crowd cheering @realDonaldTrump as Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) appears onstage in Greeley # Colorado pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 30 , 2016 ,   The fact is that Hillary Clinton has had years   —    decades , even   —    to build an organization , and has a ground game that Donald Trump could not hope to match even if he Donald Trump tried . So while Sanders was wowing the crowds   —    and the media   —    with his Sanders rallies , Clinton Hillary Clinton quietly making sure voters showed up at the polls or mailed in their voters . That quiet , disciplined work paid off handsomely . Trump Donald Trump several advantages that Sanders Sanders not . For one thing , Sanders Sanders heavily on younger voters , who are among the least likely to vote in the end . Panoramic shot of thousands in hangar for # Trump # Albuquerque # NewMexico rally pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 31 , 2016 ,   But the idea that Trump Donald Trump win still depends largely on the idea that there are " hidden Trump Donald Trump voters who are not showing up in the polls and who will turn out in significant numbers on Election Day . That could very well be the case   —    but it is impossible , by definition , to say with any degree of certainty . Panoramic shot of crowd before # GrandRapids # Michigan # Trump rally . Hall capacity 6 , 200 , crowd probably 8 , 000    pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 31 , 2016 ,   In addition , the crowds at Trump rallies are not necessarily indications of broader support . All we know is that they the crowds at Trump rallies evidence that he has an energized core of fans . They the crowds at Trump rallies be more energized now , after the FBI    its    into Clinton ’s email server , and after Clinton Clinton caught cheating in the primary debates , and so on . Yet many of the people at Trump ’s rallies are       . It is likely that a large rally does have some effect on voters in the surrounding area   —    otherwise , Clinton Clinton not bother doing them   —    but Clinton ’s Clinton " has turned some of that effect negative . ( Even today , after the success of James O’Keefe and Project Veritas in exposing the truth , many   —    perhaps most   —    Democrats still think Donald Trump incited violence at his rallies Donald Trump and view his events Donald Trump horror . ) Panoramic shot of crowd packed into arena for # Warren # Michigan Trump .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 31 , 2016 ,   In the absence of a ground game that can compete with Clinton ’s , Trump ’s best hope may be that her own volunteers lose faith . There Clinton some evidence to suggest that is a real risk . After the email scandal flared anew , Clinton campaign chair John Podesta wrote an Clinton to Clinton supporters , telling them to buck Clinton ( and asking Clinton supporters money ) . " Here ’s what this changes for you and this campaign : Absolutely nothing , " he wrote . If Podesta really is Clinton campaign chair John Podesta , Trump ’s Clinton campaign chair John Podesta have more reason to cheer . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Clinton campaign chair John Podesta 