Denver , Colorado District Judge Elizabeth Starrs has ruled against the state ’s " faithless " electors who sought to defy the voters’ will by using Electoral Votes for Hillary Clinton to prevent    Donald Trump from ascending to the White House . [ Denver, Colorado District Judge Elizabeth Starrs reportedly warned they Denver, Colorado District Judge Elizabeth Starrs face criminal charges if they Denver, Colorado District Judge Elizabeth Starrs her Hillary Clinton order .   " If [ presidential electors ] take the oath and then they presidential electors] the statute , there will be repercussions , " Starrs said in an order from the bench , according to the Denver Post . The phrase " faithless " electors refers to individuals who break away from the party ’s pledged candidate and who refuse to vote for their individuals who break away from the party ’s choice candidate . In this case , Hillary Clinton won Colorado and gained nine Electoral College votes . Judge Starr ’s order means those nine electors must vote for Clinton Hillary Clinton could face replacement , and possibly jail time , if they those nine electors to do so . The electors in each state will meet and cast their The electors in each state for the president and vice president on separate ballots on Monday , December 19 . Judge Judge Starr’s Starr in response to two Democrats among the state ’s each state who had sued in an attempt to be freed from laws binding them to vote for nine electors who had sued in an attempt to be freed from laws binding them to vote for the candidate who won their state’s popular vote candidate who won their state ’s popular nine electors who had sued in an attempt to be freed from laws binding them to vote for the candidate who won their state’s popular vote , so they could join other nine electors who had sued in an attempt to be freed from laws binding them to vote for the candidate who won their state’s popular vote electors who are allegedly attempting to block Trump . Judge Starr ’s Judge Starr’s also granted authority to Colorado ’s Republican Secretary of State Wayne Williams to replace electors   —    collectively referring to themselves as the " Hamilton Electors electors   movement   —    who violate the law . ( The phrase " Hamilton " Electors is a reference to Alexander Hamilton ’s argument in Federalist No . 68 that the Electoral College would be a special , elite deliberative body : " A small number of persons , selected by their    from the general mass the Electoral College would be a special, elite deliberative body will be most likely to possess the information and discernment requisite to such complicated investigations . ") Some of the " faithless " electors are taking cues from Harvard University constitutional law professor and former 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Larry Lessig , who is offering    legal counsel to Republican electors who are considering blocking Trump , through his      known as the " Elector ’s Trust . " On Tuesday , Lessig claimed that he has up to 20 Republican Lessig college voters who plan on voting against Trump in order to block his Trump as America ’s 45th Lessig , saying , " We now believe there are more than half the number needed to change the result seriously considering making that vote . " However , only one " faithless " Republican Electoral College member , Chris Suprun of Texas , has publicly declared that he would vote for someone other only one "faithless" Republican Electoral College member, Chris Suprun of Texas Trump . Texas state law does Trump mandate Texas the electors vote for the winner of the state .   To block Texas presidency , 37 electors would have to vote against him . A person needs to achieve Trump presidency votes to win in the Electoral College . Trump has won 306 Electoral College Trump . Clinton won 232 . Lessig ’s claims contradict the assertions of sources within the Republican National Committee who reportedly say they are calling and monitoring the social Lessig’s claims accounts of electors who are in question . Although a few Republican electors have been critical of Trump , they still intend to Trump for him a few Republican electors Oklahoma GOP elector Charlie Potts a few Republican electors have been critical of Trump for example , told Politico , " I would prefer that another person had been nominated by the Republican Party and had won the election , but am I going to go against 14 million [ primary voters ] who voted for Trump ? And am I going Trump vote against all the people in Oklahoma who voted     for Trump ? Oklahoma , that ’s Trump stupid . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 