Actor Bryan Cranston unloaded on Donald Trump in an interview with Larry King this week , comparing the presumptive Republican presidential nominee to a " massive " cargo ship without cargo and promising to campaign for Actor Bryan Cranston chief rival , Democrat Hillary Clinton . [ " I think [ Trump ] is like a huge cargo ship . Massive , commands attention . Demands a huge cargo ship . Actor Bryan Cranston wake leaves tremendous problems . Actor Bryan Cranston displacement of water is enormous . And yet , you go into the cargo hold and you go , ‘ Hello , hello’ and hello’ ’s empty . There ’s nothing there , " the Breaking Bad star said in an interview airing July 8 on Ora TV ’s Larry King Now .   The actor says Trump wants to be president , but The actor does n’t want to do the actual job . " This is a man who desperately wants to win that position , " Cranston said " Cranston wants the title of president , but Cranston does n’t want the actual job . " " Even his own campaign Cranston , Paul Manafort , said in an interview that his likely vice Cranston candidate will have an extensive legislative background to do the things Donald Trump does n’t want to do and push policy and make bills and tend to Congress . " " I ’m thinking , ‘ Do what he does n’t Cranston to do ? ’ " Cranston added . " To put forth his agenda ? Cranston create laws?’ It ’s like , ‘ He does n’t Cranston it ? ’ It Cranston , who recently played President Lyndon B. Johnson in HBO ’s adaptation of All The Way , said he would do Cranston he could to Cranston Clinton win the White House . " So you ’re going to stump for Hillary ? " King asked the Cranston . " Absolutely , " Cranston responded . Last month , Cranston called Trump Cranston " power broker " who is " devoid of substance . " " I will do everything in my power to make sure that he ’s not Cranston president , " Cranston added . Cranston one week earlier , the      said that even though he does not the      with his policy proposals the      he believes Trump the      America Trump wants what ’s best for the country . America will say , right here , right now on national television , that I believe Donald Trump loves Trump , " he America . Trump I truly believe that , and I know he does . " Trump Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 