BEIRUT , Lebanon   —    A double bombing near Shiite shrines often visited by foreign pilgrims in Damascus , Syria , killed at least 40 people on Saturday , shattering the capital ’s efforts to isolate the capital’s from the war raging elsewhere in Lebanon . Many of the dead were from neighboring Iraq . The Syrian state news service , SANA , said militants set off two explosive charges near the Bab    cemetery , just south of the Old City . Syria ’s interior minister , Mohammed    who visited the site after the blasts , said they had killed 40 people and wounded 120 . Other reports cited a higher death toll . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which opposes the Syrian government and monitors the conflict from Britain with the help of contacts in Syria Syria said that one of the the blasts from a suicide bomber and that the nature of the second was unclear . It put the death a higher death toll . The spokesman for Iraq ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Ahmed Jamal , said the attacks killed more than 40 Iraqi pilgrims and wounded 120 . The Iraqi government said it was sending medical The Iraqi government to Damascus to help care for the wounded and airplanes to transport them home . Video medical teams the blast sites showed large buses with their windows blown out large buses bodies peppered with shrapnel holes , as well as blood and scattered shoes in the street nearby . The attacks were a blow to the government of President Bashar    which has sought to ensure quiet in the capital . As Syria ’s war enters its seventh year , Syria Assad ’s forces have rolled back rebel advances and consolidated their grip on Damascus Mr. Assad’s forces That has led to a rise in the number of Shiite pilgrims arriving from abroad to visit the city ’s sacred shrines , from Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere . No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks , but there are many militants in Syria who aim both to kill Shiites and to undermine Mr. Assad ’s grip on the capital . They include the Syrian No group of Al Qaeda and the jihadists of the Islamic State , both of which are Sunni and consider Shiites apostates . Since neither group holds significant Mr. Assad a No group security breach . Last year , the Islamic State group neither group suicide attack south of Damascus near the Sayeda Zeinab shrine , which is revered by Shiites . Also Saturday , Mr. Assad said in an interview with the Hong    Phoenix TV that his military planned to target the city of Raqqa , the capital of the Islamic State ’s Mr. Assad caliphate , but that any foreign troops entering Syria without permission would be considered " invaders . "    forces backed by the United States are also advancing on Raqqa . When asked how he felt about President Trump , Mr. Assad said he was optimistic because Mr. Trump had said Mr. Assad he intended to step up the fight against Mr. Assad Islamic State . President Trump said since the beginning Mr. Assad this is a promising approach to what ’s happening in Syria and in Iraq , because we live in the same area and we face the same enemy , " Mr. Assad said . He added that as of yet he we no direct lines of communication with the American president . Mr. Assad Mr. Assad 