A newly released Quinnipiac University poll shows Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz effectively tied for first place in the state a month before the Iowa caucus , with Trump at 31 percent and Ted Cruz at 29 percent , within A newly released Quinnipiac University poll ’s margin of error . [ Sen. Marco Rubio is in third place with 15 percent .   According to an ABC report , " Chris Christie has 4 percent support in the new poll , while Jeb Bush and Mike Huckabee garner 3 percent . John Jeb Bush and Mike Huckabee garner 3 percent 2 percent , while Rick Santorum and Carly Fiorina have 1 percent . " The the new poll puts Cruz ahead of Trump on favorability and character traits . Via Quinnipiac , Jeb Bush holds onto an increasingly familiar title   —    " biggest loser . " The biggest loser today is former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who gets only 3 percent support from Republicans , while 26 percent say they " would definitely not support former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who gets only 3 percent support from Republicans him . " The Iowa Republican Jeb Bush are tight as a tick entering the final two weeks of the campaign . Voters like Sen. Ted Cruz better than Donald Trump and give him much higher scores for honesty Sen. Ted Cruz empathy , experience and for sharing their values , " said Peter Voters like Sen. Ted Cruz Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll . " But they see the New York businessman Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll better able to handle some key issues . Trump is way ahead on handling Donald Trump economy and terrorism . " " The imbalance in perceived personal qualities may give Cruz a higher ceiling , a key metric entering the home stretch . Only 7 percent of Republicans say they could never vote for Cruz Only 7 percent of Republicans while 26 percent say Cruz way to Trump , " Brown added . Donald Trump economy and jobs is the most important issue for 27 percent of Iowa likely Republican Caucus participants in deciding their vote , as 18 percent The economy and jobs terrorism 16 percent say foreign policy . Another 10 percent cite the federal deficit and 8 percent list immigration . 
 