Socialite and DJ Paris Hilton voted to Make America Great Again . [ In an interview on Australian television Thursday , the hotel heiress confirmed that the hotel heiress voted for Republican Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election earlier this month .   " I ’ve known Republican Donald Trump in the U. S. presidential election since I was a little girl , so yes , " the hotel heiress told Network Ten ’s The Project program on Thursday . the hotel heiress has previously said that the hotel heiress and Ivanka Trump , Donald Trump ’s the hotel heiress , were close friends growing up , but had thus far refused to say whether the hotel heiress voted for the billionaire businessman . In fact Donald Trump penned a small blurb to go on the back of the hotel heiress ’s 2004 memoir Confessions of an Heiress : A     Peek Behind the Pose : " I have known Paris Hilton for much of her Paris Hilton life and have always recognized her Paris Hilton a great beauty . What people do n’t know is that she Paris Hilton a great beauty on the inside as well , " he Donald Trump . the hotel heiress told The Project that having a quote from the President of the United States on the back cover of her Paris Hilton was " amazing . " " I ’ve known him Donald Trump entire life and he Donald Trump always been incredibly supportive of me ’m so I ’m very proud to have that on my her book " the hotel heiress said . According to the Daily Mail , the hotel heiress is currently in Australia to promote the hotel heiress new fragrance " Gold Rush " and to headline a tour as a DJ . The celebrity entrepreneur and former star of reality TV show The Simple Life began training as a DJ several years ago and has since held residencies at nightclubs in Ibiza and Las Vegas . In an impromptu interview with TMZ earlier this month , Hilton demurred when asked outright if she had Hilton for Trump . " My mother always told me never to talk about politics or money , " Hilton said Hilton .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 