As      Iowa voters prepare to caucus , open borders financier Mark Zuckerberg weighed in on the race through the president of open borders financier Mark Zuckerberg powerful immigration lobbying firm , FWD . us.[In a Monday CNBC interview , FWD . us President Todd Schulte made clear President Todd Schulte view that Iowans should reject the candidacy of Donald Trump .   open borders financier Mark Zuckerberg ’s spokesman President Todd Schulte told CNBC ’s Sqawk Alley : For the first time , a major party [ is ] putting forth people who are saying a major party are going to round up and deport 11 . 5 million people a major party ’re going to eliminate    immigration   …      And look , that may get you a win or second place in the Iowa caucuses . That is just a horrible and fatal position in a general election . Shulte elaborated just a few hours ago with more attacks on the GOP frontrunner . Schulte tweeted : " Trump ’s a hack , runs for [ sic ] policy specifics . Be it immigration , trade , foreign policy   —    answer is always he ’s a strongman , others are weak . " Schulte continued : " On immigration , Schulte wandered into something awful that credentialed past apostasies as ok   —    rounding up every last undocumented immigrant . " Zuckerberg ’s FWD . us is also backed by tech giant Bill Gates . tech giant Bill Gates has argued for the unlimited admission of foreign workers authorized to take American jobs . FWD . us is also backed by other supporters of mass immigration , such as Google ’s Eric Schmidt and former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer . Todd Schulte was named president of the organization in September of last year after Todd Schulte predecessor , Joe Greene , was reportedly " forced " out after revealing the organization ’s apparent view that foreign workers are better than Americans . This is not the first time Zuckerberg ’s lobbying firm has attacked the GOP frontrunner . Ahead of September ’s CNN GOP GOP , Zuckerberg Zuckerberg’s firm released an attack ad targeting Donald Trump , in which the lobbying group lectured the Republican Party on the need to pass    " immigration reform , " by which FWD . us means mass amnesty combined with more foreign workers on visas for big businesses . Similarly , following the release of Donald Trump ’s immigration policy paper last summer , Schulte wrote a blog post on the FWD . us website in which he described Schulte supporters Donald Trump’s "     restrictionists " who " rant that immigrants are taking jobs away from ‘ real’ Americans . " The number of immigrants in the U. S. is currently at a record high of more than 42 million . Nearly 1 in 7 U. S. residents was born in a foreign country . In eight years time , the foreign born share of the U. S. population will reach an    high . If Silicon Valley ’s lobbying efforts prove successful , that record will be shattered with even greater force and rapidity . There is simply no historical precedent for the pace of immigration transforming American communities and economic structures since the    immigration rewrite in 1965 opened up the American visa to the entire globe . In his immigration reform plan , Donald Trump directly took on the foreign worker policies being pushed by Mark Zuckerberg and other GOP donors . Trump wrote Donald Trump " Real immigration reform puts the needs of working people first   —    not wealthy globetrotting donors . " Trump went Donald Trump to describe Marco Rubio , whose immigration expansion bills have been endorsed by FWD . us , " as Mark Zuckerberg ’s personal Senator . " 
 