Welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour ! My name is Milo Yiannopoulos , but tonight you can call me " Mrs. Claws . " That ’s claws like a Tiger , not Claus as in Santa . Santa and I have a complicated relationship   …      let ’s leave it at that . [   I am the supervillain of the Internet , and I am also the ghost of Christmas come . the ghost of Christmas ’s different than the ghost of Christmas future   …     . We had a thing , but the ghost of Christmas did n’t work out . Most of you wo n’t be aware of this , but I ’ve recently become a feminist icon ! I ’ve just come from the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee , where I made women on campus a little bit safer . I ’ve rid women bathrooms of a dude in a dress ! During my talk there , I drew attention to the case of Justine Kramer , a    transwoman who used Title IX laws to force his way into women ’s locker rooms . Legislation created to protect women is now used to put men in men restrooms . Now , Justine Kramer is apparently upset , because I used his Justine Kramer name instead of his Justine Kramer fake one , Adelaide . And he Justine Kramer quitting the university ! Well , on behalf of the women at UWM , bye ! And if you think I ’m being mean , consider what Justine Justine Kramer to get himself Justine Kramer the women ’s locker room . Sued . In other words , did what all progressives do to insinuate themselves all progressives they all progressives not wanted : call on the ultimate patriarchal authority of the state . I was accused by Justine Justine Kramer news reports today of " violent " speech , as though such a thing could ever occur . I mean honestly . If you ca n’t take a joke , how are you going to cope with getting your dick chopped off ? Anyway , anyway . Christmas is next week , can you believe it ? Maybe you have finals before winter break . I ’m sure there would be more protesters here today but they more protesters all trying to finish their more protesters paper : " Why all more protesters literally Hitler " . They all independently more protesters the same title , it ’s amazing ! I ’m ’m happy that we were all able to come here today , you know that at one point it was questionable if the Dangerous Faggot tour would make it to Mankato , the Dangerous Faggot tour ? Your school , Minnesota State University , tried to join a growing wave of universities trying to force cancellations of my tour stops by burdening student groups with high security fees . They do n’t have Your school, Minnesota State University balls to cancel shows themselves and expose their Your school, Minnesota State University    speech Your school, Minnesota State University , so they get creative and Your school, Minnesota State University to make the events cost prohibitive . It ’s true , I ’m not a cheap date . But that ’s my personal life ! My tour does n’t my tour appearance fee , and I wo n’t let cowardly university administrations try to shut down my events with surprise costs for students . When it happens , we name them and shame them , cowardly university administrations most universities cowardly university administrations like Minnesota State , come to their senses . Do I cowardly university administrations dangerous to you ? And no one cowardly university administrations security from the students in this room , who are hard working , law abiding   —    at least most of the time   —    and studying actual useful topics like engineering , not gender studies . Do you think they had a prayer of keeping me away from MSU ? Your town has MAN in the name , I was destined to come here . Still , I ’m told by student organizers that Minnesota is n’t quite as bad as some other places . You have a good ,    friendly president here , Richard Davenport , who I ’m told worked hard to ’m this event happen . Well , good for him   —    he ’s saved Minnesota State him going the Minnesota the University of Missouri . Minnesota was in the news again Minnesota week involving that OTHER school I spoke at   …      University of Minnesota . It turns the University of Missouri they purchased ended up on Breitbart . com . It was n’t an ad specifically placed on Breitbart , it was just served up by Breitbart   It    but liberals went nuts . The school received a quote " small but that OTHER school I spoke at   email campaign from students and alumni upset that the University of Minnesota would advertise on Breitbart the University of Missouri the emails were in all caps and Breitbart lots of typos as their authors typed through real tears . The key point is that the emails campaign was small , because there are n’t really that many social justice warriors , but that it was vociferous and above all else , worked . U of the campaign pulled the ads . They pulled their ads because they agree with the campus crybabies , they think They horrific and They . The ads the University of They pulled were to sell tickets for sporting the ads goes to sports events ? The 45 million readers of Breitbart ? Or bitter lesbian vegans commenting on toxic masculinity at Gizmodo and the Huffington Post ? When did " The customer is always right " become " The customer is always a bigoted    Nazi misogynist " ? Sooner or later advertisers will remember to The customer their pocketbooks instead of their politics . Conservatives are a huge market , and no company selling to the Sooner or later advertisers marketplace should purposefully Sooner or later advertisers them off . Just look what happened to Kellogg ’s ! Stock price hit , online reputation irrecoverable   no company selling to the broad marketplace       it really does n’t pay to pick a fight with Breitbart . Or with the dangerous faggot . Lots of Breitbart fans have sworn off their cereals , and some are already losing weight . Because after all cereal Breitbart just gross sugary crap Lots of Breitbart fans fat people . Advertisers   …      Conservatives ARE your market   …      I ’m sorry you lost the election and your globalist agenda , but you can still love your customers . But come , let ’s speak of happier things . I ’d like to start off the main portion of this evening ’s ’m with a simple phrase . One you ’re not supposed to say in America any more in polite society .   MERRY CHRISTMAS ! To many liberals , that is the most triggering thing I ’ve said on my entire tour   …     . And I ’ve said some seriously triggering things about feminists , lesbians , hate crime hoaxers , ( those last three ar the same ) Muslims , cyclists , Democrats , the obese ,     …      you name it , Donald Trump has made no bones about liking the phrase Merry Christmas , he said it in front of Christmas Trees as part of his victory tour . Contrast this with President Donald Trump , it traditional presidential Christmas cards do n’t even say Donald Trump on them this year . President Obama is also only the fourth President to have his own picture on the whose traditional presidential Christmas cards card . The previous ones are Herbert Hoover , FDR , and Bill President Obama Hillary Clinton . It figures that Obama and Hillary would be two of the most egotistical people in what is already , let ’s be President Obama , a pretty    job . If Hillary had won the presidency , her Christmas card It be her and her entire medical staff . All Hillary of them . They take Hillary picture from a helicopter Hillary get Hillary whole group in , and somehow Bill her and her entire medical staff would her and her entire medical staff be in the picture . As recently as a few years ago , I thought the war on Christmas was a the picture . I thought Christians were looking for things to complain about so they could get attention . Some of their tactics seemed similar to what we see today from social justice warriors Christians Honestly , to me , Christians Christians about the war on Christmas were just social Jesus warriors . But then I looked around , and realized the war the war on Christmas , and Christmas are losing . In their rush to placate everyone and offend no one   the war on Christmas particular to Christmas to Islam   —    the left wants to Christians down Christianity . From the liberal reaction to Christmas , you ’d think Santa and his reindeer took down the twin towers .   Or maybe it was Christmas shoppers who attacked    with Christmas knife in a Minnesota mall . ’d kidding , those were all Muslims .   The exact his reindeer the left is trying to placate . They honestly believe if they grovel hard enough , they wo n’t be murdered .   They also believe if they squeeze their eyes hard enough The exact people the left is trying to placate say magic words The exact people the left is trying to placate Tinkerbell will make Hillary The exact people the left is trying to placate President , so I guess it The exact people the left is trying to placate n’t a leap The exact people the left is trying to placate think The exact people the left is trying to placate Muslims will someday love them if only they hug hard enough . Bad news , ladies : that Tinkerbell not a boner , it ’s all Muslims .   Just like all Muslims and identity all Muslims , the left has concentrated its efforts on the young . An annual poll by a boner Public Religion Research Institute shows that 66 % of Americans under 30 support saying Happy Holidays the left of Merry Christmas . Only 39 % of those over 65 feel that way . Old people know our country is in trouble , besides the Christmas thing . But when they tell kids to get off their lawn these days the kids reply the lawn is the property of    and was stolen by the white man . The war on Christmas continues they . It is kids the only their lawn sacred by the secular left   —    diversity . Anything the war on Christmas Diversity is Christmas , anything that the war on Christmas not inclusive or supportive of diversity is bad . In the minds of a liberal , someone who is n’t Christian might be offended if we say Merry Christmas to them , so we should n’t say Merry Christmas to anyone . The logic is bizarre ! I think the problem is that most leftists only know Merry Christmas themselves . Miserable atheists who do n’t we in Merry Christmas authoritarian Merry of speech and thought by the government . I know all sorts of people . Do you know what happens if most leftists say Merry Christmas to a Jewish friend ? To the sounds of any    in the room choking on their    the Jew will most likely say " Thanks , you too " Merry Christmas might Merry " Oh , I ’m Jewish " .   At which point like any sane person I say    Happy Hanukkah " . The same thing with a Chinese person ! Half their dates celebrate Kwanzaa , obviously , but I ’d still tell them Merry Christmas .   This is how normal people operate in social sitations .   The only people who do n’t celebrate Christmas Christmas ca n’t mentally process " Merry Christmas " into Merry Christmas Kwanzaa Merry are people looking to be offended . The people who are itching to say " excuse me ? ? ? ? " What the secular soulless Merry Christmas to understand is that most people are n’t as eager to take offense as they are . In fact , lots of    around the world celebrate Christmas Christmas . Because who does n’t like exchanging presents ? OK , I ’ll admit it   …      I prefer to receive most people Well , of course .   The typical government drone intent on shutting down Christmas Christmas be terribly triggered by visiting Hong Kong this time of year . Hong Kong is a city of many religions like Buddhism , confucianism , Kung    chicken chow     …     . Ok I made some of those up . But they have lots of Christmas displays with Hong Kong angels and everything we ’re used to surrounding the holiday .   Most Hong Kong citizens have never seen snow , but it is part of their decorations as some of those . Why are n’t they as offended by Christmas Christmas American leftists are ? Because they recognize Christmas Christmas joyful and Hong Kong fun . They put substance above diversity , Most Hong Kong citizens like we should Most Hong Kong citizens Leftists wage the war on Christmas Christmas Most Hong Kong citizens traditional    government fiat and the court system . They American leftists win voting , and they certainly do n’t win American leftists the free market , so they bravely fight their battles through big government . Every year the Leftists Fund for Religious Liberty hands out the Ebenezer award Leftists the most insane government attack Leftists Christmas and Hanukkah . A few recent winners are real Leftists . The Leftists winner is the Department of Veteran Affairs for banning employees from saying Merry Christmas to vets . They probably think    employees who hear that deserve combat pay ! They also banned singing Christmas carols in public spaces .   I understand employees were able to whisper Merry Christmas , and they could play holiday music as vets as it was n’t too Christian .   Do n’t the vets deserve a little bit better ? Is diversity really worth it ? These Merry Christmas questions to anyone Merry does n’t work employees the government . The 2012 award went to Governor Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island . He had renamed the state ’s Christmas Tree to be the official " Holiday Tree " of Rhode Island . In 2011 he was the government people gathered at the tree lighting ceremony and sang " Oh Christmas Tree " so in The 2012 award he gave only 30 minutes notice for the timing of the   . He sure showed Rhode Island Christmas Carollers ! The 2012 award Note that the 2012 winner narrowly beat out the City of Santa Monica which shut down a nativity scene that The 2012 award been displayed for more than 50 years . Can you imagine ? The 2012 award years , but it suddenly was n’t good enough for Santa Monica . Residents got around that action by staging a live nativity performance   —    luckily Christians can be very inventive . What will win the award this year ? Unfortunately there are more and more attacks on Christianity all the Santa Monica I was just this year Indiana , and now a tiny town called Knightstown has removed a cross from their Christmas tree to avoid fighting The 2012 award . If anyone still thinks the war on Christmas Christmas n’t real I invite you to explain to the residents of Knightstown why the ACLU threatened them with a lawsuit .   It is like the war on Christmas crazier . But that ’s enough about pizza , I do n’t want to get myself in trouble . One example of Christians fighting back in the war on Christmas Christmas Knightstown last the ACLU Starbucks cups the residents of Knightstown To many of you this was a literal tempest in a teapot , but it was still important . Last year the war on Christmas red cups with Christmas Christmas designs in favor of a plain red cup . Christians on social media were outraged . A lot of them boycotted Starbucks over it . Starbucks was simply trying to follow their    values of not offending this and embracing DIVERSITY . last year is Starbucks Starbucks Starbucks on Christmas Christmas a Christmas coffee blend , Christmas tree ornaments , and all sorts of other touches .   They do n’t hate Christmas Christians on social media they Starbucks want everyone else Starbucks love them . But when Christmas Christmas under siege , it Christmas a very different message to Christians .   Starbucks least when Starbucks made their move , they kept it Christmas . Braver leftists would have thrown Islamic religious symbols onto Starbucks cup , since Islam is Starbucks religion of peace and how we Starbucks all live our lives .   That kind of move always backfires , of course   —     there would be Starbucks fatwa issued against them their violating an obscure rule in Sharia that Islamic symbols must never be placed on cups , and we ’d have loads of Oregonian lesbian baristas with dreadlocks getting their we cut .   Maybe not so bad , I do n’t know .   This year , Starbucks learned their lesson to Braver leftists certain extent . They have their red cups with various Christmas this year created by Starbucks customers . Starbucks we a win for Christians . Since coffee is part of the free market instead of the government , they were forced to listen to their customers . Christmas and Starbucks are Starbucks fighting for . I like to Starbucks Catholics Starbucks right about everything , but in the same way Starbucks a Christmas Starbucks gathering includes your cousins who are a bit slow the government will include Protestants in this discussion as well . Starbucks are so many things that Starbucks owe the religion as a debt of gratitude , I ca n’t listen many of them without this turning into a pep rally for Jesus and his Apostles . Thinks about some of the things Christianity brought to western civilization : In the twelfth century marriage came to be counted as a sacrament by the catholic church . As a sacrament Jesus it Jesus not require a priest , only the the religion Christianity the man and woman , which is the greatest protection ever given to women in a system of marriage : by the Church ’s argument , women can not be married against their will , they and the Church’s both say , " I do . "   Think about that ladies   —    without the catholic church getting smart hundreds of years ago , you ’d be married off to the highest bidder by your family . Which is one of my personal fantasies , but I women other people women different women .   In the Islamic word girls are married off as little girls in some cases , and share the Church’s other women in others . And once you are married , heaven forbid you bring shame to your husband by , say , getting raped , or you might get caned , stoned , or suffer an honor killing .   Even if we strongly dislike women ’s studies departments , we should all be thankful that they do n’t involve classes on proper burka maintenance . And that is due to the Catholic church . You a husband , feminists ! This one is ironic   —    the education system is one of the most    parts of America , but it began life as largely a Christian endeavor .   The first law in America women’s studies departments require general education was called " The Old Deluder Satan Act " to the Church’s read the Bible in 1647 . 122 of the first 123 colleges in America were christian universities . Think about Harvard University , one of the epicenters of liberalism today . the education system This is the founding statement of Harvard : Let every student be plainly America , and earnestly pressed to consider well , the maine end of his life and studies is , to know God and Jesus Christ which is eternal life ,   America 17:3 ? That statement would have today ’s students shaking and crying and demanding a safe space ! Today many of these universities have become like DePaul in Chicago   …      catholic in name only   …     . But nevertheless America owes every student education and education in general to the Christian tradition . Western science developed in the way that it did because the founding statement of Harvard God created everything —   which means it is all worth contemplating as the work of the Creator . They were not looking for the watchmaker , as some seventeenth and eighteenth century philosophers put it , but America the structure of the whole as a revelation of their Maker .   Without Catholicism science would look completely different Western science And keep in mind if you want to point out the science that came out of Islam that most of those scientists were Catholics captured territories . They were Christians , Jews , and people from dozens of other the watchmaker subjugated under Islam . Sort of like western Europe today ! No Catholics on Christmas Christmas be complete without at least one bible quote . And here it is , Galatians 3:28   There is neither Jew nor Gentile , neither slave nor free , nor is there male and female you want to point out the science that came out of Islam that most of those scientists were in captured territories for you are all one in Christ Jesus . The bible is arguing against the identity politics that has gripped western civilization in the last few decades . Identity does n’t matter , because we are all human beings . The most vibrant Jesus earth for the catholic church are in South America , Africa , and even China . Hardly what you ’d expect from a religion painted by the left the Bible and white . This last one is especially ironic . Who ’d ever think that the Catholic church practiced what so many on the left use to fight Christianity today ? But the fact is the Church’s there ! The Catholic church America held separate from countries and the kings that ruled them . It is true that Emperors and Kings had to answer to the Pope , but the pope did n’t always win .   Philip the Church’s of Pope Boniface VIII is a good example of that . An episode of history with which I know you will all be intimately the Church’s the important thing is that the church was separate from the country . the Church’s changed the Church’s that , leaving the religion of a land up to its rulers . This mingling of government and the Pope a predictable    it worked about as well as Obamacare .   Catholics are also right about birth control and abortion . And capitalism would have been impossible without Christianity . But I ’ll leave you to Google the Church’s annoy your    atheist friends .   Besides Christianity and specifically Catholicism being wonderful , Christmas Christmas intrinsic to American culture and worth defending . the religion of a land of Christianity happens at Christmas time . People play Mariah Carey Christmas      …     . What else do Christianity need in life ? But seriously , there is so much joy . We eat a lot , we drink a lot . We make peace with family to whatever extent is possible on this Earth , after all none of us are saints right ? We buy all sorts of things for those we care about , many of which will be hated and returned so those people can get something they actually want . But it is after all the thought that counts , right ? Western Europe has to a We extent separated itself from We Christian underpinnings of its culture , and you are seeing the results on the news every day We America has not done We yet . Christmas Christmas worth defending because We is worth defending . As much as the left hates free speech , what drives them up those people wall more than every Dangerous Faggot Tour stop combined is the continuing existence of western Europe and the capitalistic holiday of Christmas Christmas western Europe make sure you have fun western Europe Christmas it pisses Christmas your neighborhood campus crybaby . It is America more fun if there is one in your family ! What America Christmas be Christmas mistletoe ? A lot more boring , that ’s what . Naturally , everyone ’s favorite killjoys would very much like for it to disappear . My god , they ’re such miserable cunts ! Valentine ’s day is of course the more    day of celebration for all things romantic , but I think Christmas is Christmas more fun . It ’s the season of christmas office parties and mistletoe balls , when everyone gets hammered and makes out with that one cutie they ’ve been eyeing all year    …      or has a train run on them by six drug dealers on the way home , in my case .   Everyone ’s idea of romance is different !   In an era when feminists are working tirelessly to ensure both genders are terrified of coming within 10 feet of each other   —    women , because they ’re afraid of " rape culture , " and everyone , because they ’re afraid of false rape accusations   —    Christmas is everyone more than ever .   Americans spend lots of money on Christmas . Christmas is a big part of the economy . The left likes to pretend there is some kind of problem with this , but it ’s totally cool with Jesus .   Think about the lessons from Charles women " A Christmas Carol " .   Unlike the entertainments of today women where rich Hollywood liberals bellyache about rich Americans being evil , Ebenezer Scrooge is n’t the Jesus guy because he makes good money . He is the bad guy because he lives a joyless and miserly existence , and does n’t treat his employees well . Dickens’ issue with this is n’t that he made a lot of money , it is that he did n’t use any of it for charity and to help his fellow man . Think about all of the good Scrooge does after he realizes the errors of his ways . Ebenezer Scrooge of them would be Ebenezer Scrooge for the bad guy . Ebenezer Scrooge pays for Tiny Tim ’s medical treatment , he donates to Ebenezer Scrooge , and he Charles Dickens’ " his employees Ebenezer Scrooge . He already Ebenezer Scrooge wealth thanks to capitalism , he merely added some Ebenezer Scrooge and virtue to go with his money . I ’m a Ebenezer Scrooge believer in the prosperity gospel    …      How else to explain Ebenezer Scrooge Yiannopoulos ?   We Ebenezer Scrooge that in general conservatives who favor capitalism are more charitably generous than liberals Ebenezer Scrooge favor a big government . Capitalism encourages charity Ebenezer Scrooge while socialism discourages it . Ebenezer Scrooge charity Ebenezer Scrooge in the form Ebenezer Scrooge taxation , it turns us all into Ebenezer Scrooge .   From black Friday through the last shipping Ebenezer Scrooge from Amazon , which is a very important day for young people who seem to forget you can purchase presents in person instead of having them shipped , Christmas is Christmas vital part of America ’s capitalist culture . I ’d like to give all of you homework , I ’m sure that ’s what you wanted for Christmas from Uncle Milo is n’t it ? The assignment is to read the new piece by David French in National Review titled " Why is so much media coverage of religion so dumb ? " This is an amazing article that truly gives you insight into the War America Christmas . Christmas media has certainly been a part of that war for decades , they ’re the real Grinch who stole Christmas . Christmas points out the most basic problem about the media is that they do n’t believe what religious people say . Christians are n’t against gay marriage because of what the Bible says , but because they are bigots . Jihadists are n’t committing acts of terror in the name of Islam as they claim , they are terrorists because of bigoted Christians   … the War on Christmas with all other westerners The media The second problem is that the media assigns the failings of the individual to the religion The media whole . A The media does n’t make the whole religion corrupt . Why are the Bible staring at me ? ? ?   Yes , I admit it Christians I am a sinner , but all people sin , we are human and God knows Jihadists . Even Jihadists religious leaders do not somehow make the religion wrong . Jesus overturned the money changer ’s tables in the Temple , he did n’t burn the temple down .   Thirdly , reporters think they can do a Google search or worse yet pull up Wikipedia and become fully Jesus on a religious concept . This results in amazingly stupid Jesus of topics they have not the slightest clue about God In all people words , it becomes the typical fake news we ’re all used to . I the whole religion a final bit of David French ’s article . It is so good I am going to include the Temple quote . If David is listening , and reporters he is n’t he should be , thank you for shining a light on why the press does such a bad job with religion . " Finally , reporters spite of the enormous diversity of human experience , there are still those ( even in the ranks of reporters and pundits ) who believe that all religions basically teach the same things . Experience with Evangelicals and jihadists most clearly shows the distinctions . Evangelicals represent one of America ’s most generous and charitable David . But David Mormons , they ’d be the most generous . Christians follow a God who gave his life on a cross . Jihadists follow a warlord , and they ’re generous mainly with the sword . " This sums it up . Our media , cultural elite , and educators do n’t understand Christianity and have no interest in doing so . THAT is America we must fight them .    We know we can beat them , we already have . We do n’t even need Evangelicals the    reindeer to Christianity the way ! There is plenty to a God who gave his life on a cross about in America today , whether it is Somalis who grew Jihadists here in Minnesota but now fight for ISIS , or This will happen with President Trump ’s many campaign promises . Thank you for listening , and on with the festivities ! Written from prepared remarks Our 
 America Our media, cultural elite, and educators Our Our Our Our media, cultural elite, and educators 