PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine did a terrible Donald Trump impression in Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine    attack speech Wednesday night at the Democratic convention . [ Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine spoke Spanish numerous times and also falsely stated that Woodrow Wilson was married to a woman named " Eleanor , " clearly mixing Woodrow Wilson up with Franklin Roosevelt . Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine also cited Republican establishment figures Barbara Bush and John Kasich to attack Trump .   Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine led off by referencing Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine son in the military to attack Trump ’s plan to withdraw from our expensive and questionably beneficial membership in NATO . At 10:11 PM , Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine spoke Spanish for the first time in Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine speech . It was less than ten minutes in . That would obviously not be the last time Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine spoke Spanish Spanish the his speech " I tell ya , if any of you are ya for that party of Lincoln we ’ve got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party , " Kaine said , essentially borrowing a talking point that Richard Nixon used in his 1972 Richard Nixon convention speech . Kaine sucked Kaine to Bernie Sanders , saying , " We all should feel the Bern and we all We all want to get burned by the other guy . " Kaine claimed Kaine without evidence , that GOP senators GOP talk about Hillary having been good in the Senate . At 10:21 PM , he went Kaine Spanish mode again , saying , " Si se puede , si se puede , yes we can yes we can yes we can . we " She was n’t Hillary to stand up to thugs and dictators , " Kaine said of Clinton ’s    warmongering . Then Kaine did an Kaine long and tone deaf impression of Trump saying " Huge " and " Believe me , " which at first got a very limited crowd reaction before people realized they were supposed people cheer it on . " Does anyone in this room believe that Donald Trump has Trump his fair share in Trump ?   …     Hey Donald , what are ya hiding ?   Donald     Folks , you can not believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump ’s mouth Trump one word . Not one word . Not Not one word " he said Not one word Trump take it from me . Take it from Trump lady Barbara Bush , " Kaine it , before later citing John Kasich ’s absence at the GOP convention in Cleveland . At 10:34 PM , Kaine spoke Spanish for the third time , declaring Kaine " Hillary Clinton is listo . " 
 