Radio host Dana Loesch , of Glenn Beck ’s The Blaze , personally attacked Donald Trump supporter and CNN commentator Kayleigh McEnany , calling her " . " McEnany began the process of having a preventative mastectomy due to being BRCA1 positive . [ Being BRCA1 positive means McEnany inherited a particular gene causing McEnany to have an increased risk of developing certain types of cancer . Because eight of McEnany aunts have had breast cancer , when McEnany was     McEnany decided to begin the process of having the preventative mastectomy , according to the Daily Caller .   " I had implants put in , " McEnany said , adding that the next step is to have breast tissue removed . " I ’m terrified every time I get an MRI    …      It ’s haunting . " McEnany also said McEnany will have McEnany ovaries removed after McEnany has children . McEnany said people that do n’t support Trump are n’t really conservative , setting Loesch off on McEnany radio show Monday , according to the Daily Caller . Loesch made fun of McEnany ’s bleached blonde hair , as well as Loesch teeth and flat chest . " While I do n’t know Loesch or anything about Loesch , it changes nothing about the kind of environment Kayleigh believes is best for America or my point , " Loesch stated to The Mirror . " I know how horrible a disease cancer is : I lost both sets of grandparents , two aunts and two uncles on both sides to a disease cancer and helped my family care for my    WWII veteran grandfather when the VA failed my   WWII veteran grandfather . " " Anyone who defends a candidate that has mocked a reporter ’s disability , POWs , and blasted women as ‘ bimbos’ with ‘ blood coming out of women wherever’ surely has no problem with my addressing surrogates in a similar fashion , " added Loesch . Loesch did n’t appear sincerely apologetic though , suggesting Loesch hurtful words would open McEnany ’s eyes to the " kind of harm Trump ’s words inflicts on others . " " I ’m sorry for the struggles Loesch had , but perhaps being the ‘ victim’ of my words can give Loesch an insight into the kind of harm Trump’s words inflicts on others , " Loesch stated . One notable celebrity who underwent a mastectomy was Angelina Jolie , who cited being BRCA1 positive for the reason Loesch decided to go through with the surgery . " I have always told them not to worry , but the truth is I carry a ‘ faulty’ gene , BRCA1 , which sharply increases my risk of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer , " Loesch wrote in a 2013 New York Times    about Loesch surgery . " My doctors estimated that I had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer , although the a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer different in the case of each woman . " " On April 27 , I finished the three months of medical procedures that the mastectomies involved . During that time I have been able to keep this private and to carry on with my work , " Jolie added . " But I am writing about it now because I hope that other women can benefit from my experience . Cancer is still a word that strikes fear into people ’s hearts , producing a deep sense of powerlessness . " 
 