On May 10 , a spokesman for Hillary Clinton tried to reassure voters that there is a limit to what the Democratic frontrunner would do to cripple gun rights , saying , " Of course Hillary Clinton does not want to repeal the Second Amendment . " [ a spokesman for Hillary Clinton said these things in response to Donald Trump ’s May 7 speech in Lynden , Washington , where he said , " Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Donald Trump Amendment . " Hillary Clinton that Trump then went even further and expounded by saying , " Donald Trump Clinton wants to take your guns away and she wants Hillary Clinton the Second Amendment . "   Trump indicated Hillary Clinton is so    that she will seek new controls Donald Trump bullets Hillary Clinton well . Three days Hillary Clinton , the Huffington Post suggested that Trump ’s observation " distorts Hillary Clinton ’s gun stance , " Donald Trump quoted Schwerin , who said , " Of course Hillary Clinton does not want to repeal the Second Amendment . " But he hedged in the statement by making clear that Clinton " believes Heller Hillary Clinton wrongly decided in that cities and states should Hillary Clinton the power to craft common sense laws to keep their residents safe . " Two problems here : First , Heller was Clinton "believes Heller was wrongly decided in that cities and states about cities and states . Rather , it was about Heller fact that the right to keep and bear is an individual right . And because it is an individual right , and always has been , the federal government   —    including federal districts ( Washington DC )   —    can not infringe upon it . Secondly , if Clinton feigns lack of support for gun control in an attempt to disprove Trump , while fighting for states and cities to enact more and more gun control , then she is    control and the lip service she gives to the Second Clinton is just that . AWR Hawkins is Clinton Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 AWR Hawkins 