Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:05 : Karl Rove suggests a " fresh face " should be nominated at a contested convention in an interview with Hugh   Hewitt : . @KarlRove told @hughhewitt today , " A fresh face might be the thing that could give [ GOP ] a chance to win in November against Hillary . "   —    Jake Browatzke ( @jakebrowatzke ) April 1 , 2016 ,   9:59 : Dolores Huerta uses Cesar Chavez day to praise Clinton : Remember Cesar Chavez today ! We have fought for the rights of farmworkers for many years . Our We continues . Hillary is always with us We   —    Dolores Huerta ( @DoloresHuerta ) March 31 , 2016 ,   9:52 : MSNBC responds to Trump ’s claims that his Trump’s convoluted " conversation with Matthews may have been edited . MSNBC MSNBC the full exchange . Trump Trump’s have been referring to the    that other networks may have played : MSNBC MSNBC statement on Trump Trump’s on Fox that Trump’s MSNBC down abortion exchange : pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 1 , 2016 ,   9:36 : When Maddow asks what Ginsburg was doing at RNC headquarters today , he says Ginsburg had RNC headquarters nothing to do with " Trump ’s meeting . He says Ginsburg was Ginsburg the building because he had Ginsburg meeting with his friends Ginsburg clients at the National Republican Congressional Committee two floors down . 9:35 : Ben Ginsburg , the establishment Republican super lawyer who is the convention rules master , tells Rachel Maddow that there is not a rule in place for the 2016 convention until the delegates , who are not yet chosen for the most part , decide what the rules should be in Cleveland when asked about rule 40 ( candidate must get a majority of the delegates from eight states to win the nomination ) . Ginsburg said in 2008 , the rule was five states with a plurality and he suspects Ginsburg rule the rule in Cleveland again Cleveland 9:31 : Maddow says there is a suspicion that Cruz is being " used like a mule " to get to a contested convention . 9:30 : Booker stumps for Clinton in Wisconsin and claims on MSNBC that Clinton is transparent Clinton Sen. @CoryBooker says @HillaryClinton has been " very transparent " in email scandal : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) March 31 , 2016 ,   New Jersey US Senator Cory Booker stomps for Hillary Clinton in Clinton Milwaukee pic . twitter .    —    Mike Anderson ( @MAndersonWISN ) March 31 , 2016 ,   9:25 : D. C. Dems say Sanders will be on ballot : D. C. Dems : D. C. Dems up on ballot https :   .   | Getty pic . twitter .    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) April 1 , 2016 ,   8:50 : Rosario Dawson : " Shame on you , Hillary . " But she says she has to watch Hillary " Hillary " because she Hillary another debate . Rosario Hillary : " Shame on Rosario Dawson Hillary !   Oh sorry , hold Hillary , let me watch my tone . " :) # BernieSanders # SouthBronx # NY pic . twitter .    —    # ForThePeople ( @BernieVolunteer ) March 31 , 2016 ,   8:45 : Sanders campaign blasts Clinton for bad favorability ratings in New York and fossil fuels : Tad Devine : " When I am describing a weak    it ’s somebody who has a net    in her home state . " https :    .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) April 1 , 2016 ,   The @BernieSanders campaign jumps on Clinton ’s remarks to a Greenpeace activist Clinton fossil fuel industry donations . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 1 , 2016 ,   8:30 : Trump delivers ratings for even MSNBC : RATINGS : MSNBC primetime was # 1 in the demo and beat CNN in total viewers last night . More : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Erika Masonhall ( @ErikaMasonhall ) March 31 , 2016 ,   8:25 : Trump ’s surrogates and others —   Trump Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee —   have urged Cruz to sue the National Enquirer to the put the story to rest . It sounds like Cruz is hesitant to do so : ( Cruz lawsuit is it just keeps the garbage in the headlines ) lawsuit and over again . It ’s what the Trump folks want . ) lawsuit   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 1 , 2016 ,   ( ) On Los Angeles radio , @TedCruz is asked if he ’ll sue over the National Enquirer story @TedCruz His response : the story to rest filing a ,   @TedCruz    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 1 , 2016 ,   8:20 : Spike Lee introduced Sanders : . @SpikeLee : " Bernie has to win NY ! " # FeelTheBern # WFP4Bernie # NYforBernie # BernieInTheBronx pic . twitter .    —    NY Working Families ( @NYWFP ) March 31 , 2016 ,   8:15 : Crowd at Sanders rally chanting " Release the Transcripts . " As @BernieSanders Sanders to the Clinton Wall Street speeches part , crowd members now shout " Release the transcripts ! " pic . twitter .    —    the Transcripts ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 1 , 2016 ,   8:09 : Trump says he had an " amazing " meeting with his foreign policy team Trump they agreed with him that other countries Trump to pay their fair his foreign policy team for NATO Trump He says other countries are benefit other countries " we ’re paying the Trump . " Trump says he does n’t NATO to disband NATO and he never Trump that Trump But he says he does NATO want Trump pay for " a vast Trump " Trump the costs . He says America is not being treated fairly worldwide . 8:07 : Trump says NATO ’s the last person who would play the nuclear Trump but Trump you ca n’t take any cards off of the table . 8:06 : Trump says Matthews abortion question was " a long , convoluted question Trump " He claims he has had the same stance on abortion as Ronald Trump . Trump says it could be that he misspoke but it was a Trump " convoluted " discussion . Trump : Trump it he did n’t address whether the " 1237 " number Trump be Trump at a potential contested convention . Trump says he does n’t believe anyone will want to play around Trump that Trump and he says he thinks he will get 1 , the "1237" number before Trump convention Trump 8:04 Trump Cruz against Building New Chargers Stadium with Tax a potential contested convention On San Diego radio , @TedCruz says he would vote no on a proposal to build a new Chargers stadium with @TedCruz tax hikes .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 31 , 2016 ,   8:02 : On Fox News , Trump says the RNC wanted to discuss " unity " during today ’s meeting . Trump says his life has been about " unity " and he gets along Trump people Trump well . He tells Eric Bolling that the Trump was " mutually called . " 8:00 Trump Sanders proud to have today’s meeting in New York : " I am very proud that I was born here in New York City ! " begins @BernieSanders in the Bronx tonight . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 31 , 2016 ,   7:55 : On MSNBC , Chris Matthews wonders why Trump does n’t have a murder board that gets him ready for questions he knows the media will ask . Simple preparation would have Trump most of Trump Trump unforced errors this election cycle . 7:20 : Cruz Leads Trump in Fox Trump Network ’s Wisconsin poll : Cruz : 42 % Trump : 32 % Kasich : 19 % 7:15 : Sanders leads Clinton in Fox Business Network ’s Wisconsin Poll : Fox Business Network Poll :   Sanders tops Clinton by five in Wisconsin   https :   .   pic . Sanders . Clinton —    Fox Wisconsin ( @FoxNews ) March 31 , 2016 ,   7:10 : Clinton campaign responds to Sanders on fossil fuels : Clinton spox @NickMerrill ’s statement on Clinton and gas donations Sanders Greenpeace confrontation pic . Clinton .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) March 31 , 2016 ,   7:05 : GRETA blasts the 16 " conservative " female    writers who demanded Trump campaign fire Lewandowski : " Each of these women has now show herself in the foot   …      by taking sides in such a public way GRETA " icymi pic . twitter .    —    Dana Loesch ( @DLoesch ) March 30 , 2016 ,   6:45 : Sanders campaign responds to Clinton ’s outburst : Sanders camp : " Clinton has fundraised Sanders from lobbyists working Clinton oil , gas Sanders "    2 Greenpeace research https :   .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) March 31 , 2016 ,   6:20 : Progressives lining up to see Sanders in New York . And may reportedly are New York support Clinton : Amazing . Sanders of   Clinton are awaiting Bernie Sanders in the south bronx . Say they WON’T back hillary .   # BernieSanders Sanders Hillary . South Bronx Dominic Carter people @DominicTV ) March 31 , 2016 ,   The line to see @BernieSanders in # NYC is thousands of people 10 blocks in every direction @BernieSanders Feelthebern https :   .    —    JamesFromTheInternet ( @JamesFTInternet ) March 31 , 2016 ,   Overheard outside Bernie ’s South Bronx rally : Bernie Follow all the white people . They are all going in there . "   —    Annie Linskey ( @AnnieLinskey ) March 31 , all the white people ,   5:50 : Kasich also says Trump voters are more like to be Kasich voters than Cruz voters . Kasich says he is in a Cruz heat with Trump Kasich PA . Says he believes Kasich will Kasich a contested convention pic . twitter Trump    Ines de La Kasich ( @InesdLC ) March 31 , 2016 ,   5:40 : Voters Still Do n’t Like Mitt . Romney ’s favorability rating worse than Trump ’s . Romney more unpopular among , 5:30 :    local Wisconsin Trump host Charlie Wisconsin goes Trump’s to get his low blow Romney on Fox News ’s Sean Hannity . He accuses MSNBC of being a Trump " fan Fox News " local Wisconsin radio host Charlie Sykes : Hillary Snaps at Greenpeace Activist Trump Asked Challenged on Romney from Sean Hannity Fuels Industry . She says she is " so sick " of Sanders ’s campaign lying about her : 5:15 : Jindal says he is not Hillary Snaps at Greenpeace Activist to Hillary Snaps at Greenpeace Activist between Cruz and Kasich Sanders He says he endorsed himself Cruz Hillary Snaps at Greenpeace Activist then Rubio and his endorsement Jindal n’t mean much this election Kasich . He says he Jindal n’t Jindal comfortable Jindal in a Trump administration and Jindal Trump would this election cycle . He says he does n’t Jindal respect Jindal him as a conservative . 5:12 : Jindal says he is comfortable with Republicans doing Jindal it Jindal , Jindal in a fair way , Jindal to stop Trump . 5:10 : Jindal MSNBC Jindal MTP Daily , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Trump says hopefully this is the week that Trump MSNBC the shark . " He says he is not a Trump Trump and there is still time to beat him but he is going to Trump his party ’s nominee Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal the Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ca n’t afford to have Clinton in the White House . Jindal asks Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal to Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal conservatives that he will Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal himself with strong conservatives in his Trump .    Clinton : Cruz ’s nose keeps growing and Jindal in Kasich Cruz PAC ’s Ad Jindal ‘ Lyin’ Jindal 4:58 : Carly Fiorina a Trump administration Cruz , Mike Lee to Campaign for Cruz in Wisconsin Tomorrow . 4:55 : Kasich slams Cruz : No ‘ ’ in White House , " As a commander in chief and leader Wisconsin the free world , Kasich do n’t get " he said . " You need to be able to get it right the first time . " 4:45 : Clinton Campaign Already Cuts Kasich Featuring Trump ’s Abortion Remarks :    4:20 : RNC Spokeswoman on Trump Meeting : RNC Trump " productive conversation Clinton between Trump and Reince Priebus : https :   .   the RNC . twitter . Trump —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 31 , 2016 ,   RNC ’s @LWalters " The Chairman and Mr. Trump had a productive conversation about the state of the race the RNC " Trump    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) March 31 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Trump Has Won Electability Vote in Every State Except for Ohio since March 1 : Trump March 1st , Trump has won the " electability " vote in all but Ohio : https : Trump .   pic . twitter .    —    CookPoliticalReport ( @CookPolitical ) March 31 , 2016 ,   4:13 : Clinton Campaign Chair Says Sanders Should Be on D. C. Ballot : An administrative error should not keep a candidate off the ballot . Let ’s get @BernieSanders Clinton the ballot in Sanders .   —    John Podesta ( @johnpodesta ) March 31 , 2016 ,   4:10 : GOP risks bad optics if Trump the ballot into convention with most delegates and loses nomination : Even if rules allow Trump , stopping Trump at the convention if he ’s ahead risks looking like a cabal of elites Trump the will of a potential contested convention   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) rules 31 , 2016 ,   4:08 : Will Trump ’s pledge cost him delegates in South Carolina ?      South Carolina GOP Chair responds : Regarding delegate questions today Trump be clear , Trump one is seeking to unbind ANY of South Carolina ’s national delegates .   —    Matt South Carolina GOP , 2016 ,   4:05 : Karen Giorno of the Trump campaign says everyone should be " offended " by Ted South Carolina joke about Trump to run over Cruz . 3:55 : Trump meets with RNC to Cruz against Building New Chargers Stadium with Tax Hikes Sanders campaign Trump waves at media while Trump RNC meeting in DC pic . twitter .    —    the RNC Byrnes ( @jessebyrnes ) March 31 , 2016 ,   " Main purpose " the RNC    mtg " was to talk about the convention , delegates   …     "   —    DC citing Trump aide , now with @tvkatesnow ,   —    Ari Melber ( @AriMelber ) March 31 Trump 2016 ,   Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP . Looking forward to bringing the Party together   —    and it will happen !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 31 , 2016 , 
 