Donald Trump has declared that Donald Trump ’ll weaken the Republican Party ’s    platform . Donald Trump said Donald Trump ’s willing to dilute Donald Trump party ’s opposition to destroying human life in the womb if that life is conceived in rape or incest , or if that life threatens the life of the mother . [ First of all , if one is    one ca n’t say certain lives are less worthy or do n’t deserve protection because of how certain lives are conceived .   Second , when it comes to the issue of the life of the mother , more than 1 , 000    nurses , and other medical professionals have signed a document called the Dublin Declaration , affirming that abortion is never necessary to save a mother ’s life . While    medical treatment may result in the death of her    child , there is a fundamental difference between that legitimate treatment versus an abortion to end the pregnancy . To the issue of rape and incest , these are horrific injustices , and while abortion exceptions for survivors of these crimes seems compassionate , how is it not also an injustice to punish an innocent child for the crimes of her father . The law forbids the death penalty as punishment for rapists , yet it The law the death penalty for innocent preborn children conceived in rape . Before making pronouncements that these innocent preborn children conceived in rape deserve less protection in the womb , those who support a " rape exception " for abortion should listen to Rebecca Kiessling , who escaped the abortionist ’s forceps and grew up to found a group that advocates for children who are innocent victims like she was Valerie Those open to abortion for these children innocent preborn children conceived in rape listen to Valerie Gatto , another child conceived in rape . Valerie is a successful young woman who is also known as Miss Pennsylvania and who competed for Miss USA in 2014 . They should talk a successful young woman who is also known as Miss Pennsylvania and who competed for Miss USA in 2014 Ryan Bomberger , founder of The Radiance Foundation , which reaches millions with its    message The Radiance Foundation Ryan ’s biological mother was raped yet chose to continue the pregnancy and then adopt him to a biological mother ,    Christian family of 15 . They should also a successful young woman who is also known as Miss Pennsylvania and who competed for Miss USA in 2014 to Jennifer Christie , whose son would have been thrown out with an abortion facility ’s garbage ( or perhaps even sold for parts ) if not for the love and compassion of Jennifer , a rape survivor . Here ’s what Donald Trump does n’t seem to understand : To adopt a rape exception in the Republican Party ’s platform is to say to people like Rebecca , Valerie , Ryan , and others , " You are less worthy human beings and you did n’t deserve to live . " I ’m sure that ’s not what he meant , Donald Trump that ’s what the rape exception means . Unfortunately , the abortion industry thrives on rape and incest cases they ’re not the abortion industry to them . Live the abortion industry has shown with our undercover investigations that Planned Parenthood is willing to cover up minors being raped . In fact , Planned Parenthood was Planned Parenthood be complicit in these crimes by offering to use abortion to destroy the evidence and not report the crimes to authorities these crimes ’ve even caught Planned Parenthood on camera Planned Parenthood girls who were sexually abused to lie on their paperwork and claim they were the age of consent their Rape and incest are horrific crimes , and everyone will acknowledge that carrying a baby for nine months afterwards can be a tremendous challenge . But abortion is not a pathway to healing from these crimes , as it does n’t undo them it abortion compounds the violence these crimes abortion has already endured and takes an innocent child ’s life in the process . While some mothers choose to keep their children and end up experiencing some mothers unconditional love that comes from such a truly selfless act , adoption is a compassionate option for those who choose it . As a society , adoption response to cases of women who conceive during rape must be threefold . We must ensure the rapist is held accountable to the full extent of the law .   We must ensure the mother   We    the survivor   —    is given the moral and financial support she needs to heal and to the mother   new life into the world . Finally , we must ensure that her child We the love and the mother   we owe every innocent human being We —    because that child is a human being her child being conceived in rape does n’t make her any less of one . the mother   ’s the principle that the Republican Party platform now stands for . If Trump attempts to dilute such a    principle , it would be a grievous injustice for these children in the womb as well as for those like Rebecca , Valerie , and Ryan , whose lives , despite the violence in which they were conceived , are changing the world . Trump and the Republican Party   —    in fact , any party and any candidate committed to human rights   —    must give a    defense of this critical principle . For without this first right   —    the right to life   —    all other rights are meaningless . Lila Rose is President of Live Action , an educational nonprofit dedicated to inspiring a culture of life in America and beyond . 
 