Wednesday on Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " New York Post columnist Paul Sperry detailed the connections of   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s top aide Huma Abedin had with a radical Muslim journal run by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin mother .   New York Post columnist Paul Sperry said , " Well , I found one article where her mother actually wrote an article arguing for the subjugation of women and actually excuses wife beating . In another article , I found she her mother blamed America and American foreign policy for 911 using the same excuses that Osama bin Laden used in fatwa against us . " New York Post columnist Paul Sperry said Huma Abedin was listed as an assistant editor , " For 12 years from 1996 to 2008 . and so , it ’s   —    I mean , it it really hard for the campaign to reconcile this . They admit that she Huma Abedin was on there , but they They saying well , she Huma Abedin did n’t do any editing which is hard to believe because even if you buy that excuse , Huma had to know how odious this radical journal was because her Huma was the editor and her Huma Abedin and sister worked there as editors . " He Huma , " So Hillary Huma Abedin to know too about this . She Huma Abedin over to Saudi Arabia in 2010 as secretary of state to give a speech to the her mother    …      so she Huma Abedin over to this radical girl ’s school that ’s run by the Huma Abedin ’s radical mother and actually apologized for American women wearing bikinis . So I mean , is Hillary Huma Abedin this champion of women ’s liberation ? I mean , this is very problematic for the campaign because it ’s the the campaign of it is Hillary the campaign up for women ’s rights , but here you have her Huma Abedin manager actually publishing articles that oppose women ’s rights as   . When asked if Huma Abedin agrees with her mom or Huma Abedin Clinton Sperry Huma Abedin , " That ’s a good question . Clearly she Huma Abedin two faces . The face that we all see and then the face that she Huma Abedin to the Saudis and other radical Muslims . So this raises a lot of questions that unfortunately are n’t being asked of the campaign . I mean , if this was Trump this manager being attached to such an extremist publication , the media would be hounding him around the clock Trump’s campaign manager this . " He added , " Trump’s campaign manager Huma Abedin be running the White House as Chief of staff if Hillary gets in . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 