WASHINGTON   —    Deep into the Senate ’s    questionnaire of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , the Supreme Court nominee was asked to describe how the Supreme Court nominee had come to President Trump ’s attention . The first thing the Supreme Court nominee wrote was , " I was contacted by Leonard Leo . " Most Americans have probably never heard of Leonard A. Leo , who has long served as executive vice president of the Federalist Society , an organization of conservatives and libertarians who " place a premium on individual liberty , traditional values and the rule of law . " But as Mr. Trump begins the process of filling what could be the most federal court vacancies left to any president in nearly a    Mr. Leo is playing a critical role in reshaping the judiciary . Mr. Leo sits at the nexus of an immensely influential but largely unseen network of conservative organizations , donors and lawyers who all share a common goal : Fill the federal courts with scores of judges who are committed to the narrow interpretation of the Constitution that an immensely influential but largely unseen network of conservative organizations, donors and lawyers who all share a common goal believe the founders intended . " The Supreme Court needs to be an institution that helps to undergird limited constitutional government , " said Mr. Leo , 51 , whose cerebral , unassuming demeanor belies the enormous clout he has developed in Washington . It is a worldview that has brought Mr. Leo and his allies together with a range of conservative players . In addition to major corporate backers such as Google and Chevron , the Federalist Society ’s supporters include      and    business leaders like Charles G. and David H. Koch the family foundation of Richard Mellon Scaife and the   Mercer family , which gave significantly to Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign and helped start Breitbart News . This judicial reformation is being coordinated from Washington by a relatively small team closely aligned around Mr. Leo , who is on leave from the Federalist Society while Mr. Trump’s helps the White House shepherd the Gorsuch nomination . a relatively small team closely aligned around Mr. Leo, who is on leave from the Federalist Society while he helps the White House shepherd the Gorsuch nomination includes John G. Malcolm of the Heritage Foundation and Ann Corkery , a Washington lawyer who along with her husband , Neil , oversees the Judicial Crisis Network and related    groups that also support the cause . While a    agenda and the desire to place judges who will be more skeptical of federal and state regulations is a driving force , several central players in the group are also motivated by intense religious beliefs . " We can have an incredible impact , " said Carrie Ms. Severino among her clients Sisters of Mary , Mother of the Eucharist , a group Ms. Severino Catholic nuns who participated in a lawsuit that reached the Supreme Court alleging that Obamacare limited their religious freedom . Judge Gorsuch , 49 , is their first test her clients Sisters of Mary, Mother of the Eucharist, a group of Catholic nuns who participated in a lawsuit that reached the Supreme Court , with his confirmation hearing set to begin on her clients Sisters of Mary, Mother of the Eucharist, a group of Catholic nuns who participated in a lawsuit that reached the Supreme Court   —    but the conservative activists say more is at stake than just the Supreme Court . " Make no mistake , " Mr. Leo said the Supreme Court last month at the Ronald Reagan Dinner at the Conservative Political Action Conference . " How we deal with this vacancy now , the strength that we as the    movement demonstrate in this fight , will determine the extent to we we are able to both nominate and confirm    judges as we move forward . " Mr. Trump already has 124 judgeships to fill   — we a backlog created by Senate Republicans who blocked the confirmation of many of President Barack Obama ’s nominees . That includes 19 vacancies on the federal appeals courts . Because of the age of many judges today , the White House expects between 70 to 90 appeals court positions to open up over the next four years . That would give Mr. Trump the opportunity to fill anywhere from    to half of all appellate seats   —    a profound impact considering that those courts are often the final word on thousands of cases that never reach the Supreme Court . The scale and sophistication of the right ’s judicial confirmation efforts would seem to portend a dark period ahead for the left , which , despite having made great strides under Mr. Obama , finds itself outmaneuvered . " The right wing , very purposely and methodically , has built a stable of nominees that fit their ideological profile , and it ’s been a national movement , well organized and The right wing, very purposely and methodically , " said Senator The right wing, very purposely and methodically Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat , who serves on the Judiciary Committee . " Frankly , I think the progressives of the Democratic Party have been less vigilant and vigorous than the right . " There was little question to whom Mr. Trump would turn when he was putting together his list of possible Supreme Court nominees last year : Mr. Mr. Trump , who has Mr. Trump almost his entire legal career at the Federalist Society , after graduating from Cornell Law School Mr. Trump 1989 . The father of seven children and fond of speaking in biblical allusions , he rose to prominence more than a decade ago as the Republican Party ’s    Mr. Trump Catholic outreach . At Justice Antonin Scalia ’s funeral last year , he read from the Old Testament . When President George W. Bush made his two Mr. Trump to the Supreme Court in 2005 , picking Chief Justice John G. President George W. Bush Jr. and Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. Mr. Leo assumed the responsibility of coordinating outside campaigns to buttress their Senate confirmations . It is a role   —    which he has described coordinating outside campaigns to buttress their Senate confirmations analogous to running a political campaign   —    that he Mr. Leo reprised with the Gorsuch confirmation . Mr. Leo has an exalted reputation among Mr. Leo , including Scott Pruitt , the former Mr. Leo general who is now head of the Environmental Protection Mr. Pruitt he was in Washington for a Federalist Society meeting in 2013 . Mr. Leo asked him to stay an extra night for dinner , without giving a hint Mr. Leo might show Mr. Leo Mr. Pruitt " Any time that Leonard asks you to go to dinner , you stay , because he feeds you well , " Mr. Pruitt said . But it was not only the menu that was impressive . Mr. Pruitt arrived to see Justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas at the Leonard . " We spent three Mr. Pruitt about the Constitution and things that we were involved in as attorneys general , Mr. Pruitt Pruitt recalled . " It was a fabulous time . " Mr. Leo has Justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas at the center of Mr. Trump ’s judicial selection process Justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas last spring , when Donald F. McGahn II Mr. Pruitt Trump ’s campaign lawyer and now the White House counsel , introduced them . It helped enormously that Mr. Leo came to the campaign at a critical time of need . Mr. Trump ’s relationship Mr. Trump’s moment was tenuous at best . Last March , a prominent group Donald F. McGahn II, Mr. Trump’s campaign lawyer and now the White House counsel Catholic leaders in Mr. Leo States , including several with close ties to Mr. Leo , published an open Mr. Trump’s National Review , a conservative magazine , declaring Mr. Trump " manifestly unfit to be president of the United States . " It was the type of rejection that Mr. Leo all too worrisome for Mr. Trump . At the same time , a faction of delegates threatened to Mr. Trump’s nomination . So in May , in an the United States a presidential candidate , Mr. Trump shrewdly released the first of two lists of people Mr. Trump’s considering to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Scalia Mr. Trump’s at first with help from Mr. Malcolm of the Heritage Foundation . Judge Gorsuch ’s Mr. Trump’s added in a second version of this list , with Mr. Trump’s Trump thanking the Federalist Society and Heritage for their help . Polls showed this published list of 21 names was a significant factor in the election . Of the    of voters who said the Supreme Court was the most important issue in Mr. Trump’s , 57 percent voted for Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump the Federalist Society and Heritage broad discretion to Mr. Leo and his colleagues . Mr. Trump ’s most important criterion , these lawyers said , was that he wanted judges who were " not weak " and of " the Federalist Society and Heritage quality . " Their approach in coming up with Mr. Trump similar to President Ronald Reagan ’s . " Mr. Trump had this Mr. Trump , detailed frame of reference from which they could begin to say Mr. Trump ‘ O. K. well , who understands these things like we do ? ’ " these lawyers Leo said in an interview , referring to the Reagan era . " As opposed these lawyers an administration that might sit around and say , ‘ Who these lawyers a really smart lawyer who ’s been really accomplished?’ Mr. Leo ‘ Hey , what about these lawyers frat buddy from 1964 ? ’ " And as Reagan did by nominating Justices President Ronald Reagan and Anthony M. Kennedy , Mr. Leo and his conservative colleagues have looked for judges who can serve as long as possible . " Young is good , " Mr. Leo said . " There will be an opportunity for a transformation of the President Ronald Reagan . " Even before Mr. Trump walked into the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31 to name Mr. Trump as his first Supreme Court nominee , the White House campaign to confirm him had started . " Neil Gorsuch ’s talent Supreme Court would make for a great # SupremeCourt Justice , " said a post sent out on Twitter by the Judicial Crisis Network the Judicial Crisis Network the announcement . By that point , television and Judge Gorsuch advertisements about Judge Gorsuch were already on their way to stations Judge Gorsuch the country Judge Gorsuch’s focused on five states picked for a very explicit reason : Each had a Democratic senator up for    next year , and all the states had voted to elect Trump . This more public part of the push   —    Mr. Leo has Judge Gorsuch particularly comfortable in Mr. Trump television and radio advertisements about Judge Gorsuch the campaign    has been handled by Ms. Severino , 40 , a Harvard Law School graduate who served as a clerk to Justice Thomas and is a frequent speaker at Federalist events . Ms. Severino said Mr. Leo ’s efforts to secure Judge the group confirmation reflected the consensus of Ms. Severino , who picked Mr. Trump in part because of the Supreme Court choices he said he would make . But an examination of the Judicial Mr. Trump ’s operations and financial records suggests that the group Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump , has an the group base . In 2015 , the last year that tax Judge Gorsuch’s , the Judicial Judge Gorsuch Network ’s entire budget the Judicial Crisis Network 7 million appears to have come from a single the Supreme Court organization called the Wellspring Committee , based in Manassas , Va. that describes its mission as advancing " limited government and free markets the Judicial Crisis Network " Judicial Crisis and a sister organization , the Judicial Education Project , reported in tax returns that they had a total of only two employees and the Judicial Crisis Network’s largely relied on outside consultants , like CRC Public Relations , a Virginia firm that also lists the Federalist Society and other conservative groups as clients . Ms. Severino , asked whether her group was simply a shell to secretly move money on behalf the group , said the Federalist Society should not be judged Ms. Severino on the Judicial Crisis Network staff . " We are not trying to be Judicial Crisis and a sister organization, the Judicial Education Project large membership the Judicial Crisis Network , " Ms. the Judicial Crisis Network said in a written statement , sent by CRC , which asked that the remarks be attributed to her . " There are others who Ms. Severino that type of work , and we are happy to support them as allies . " It is clear Ms. Severino there are close personal ties among the leaders of the push to confirm Judge Gorsuch . Ann and Neil Corkery help run a network of nonprofit organizations like Catholic Voices USA , an organization that promotes the church ’s views . They also help Mr. Leo in managing the National Catholic Prayer Breakfast , tax records show . There are even overlaps with the funding . Mr. Corkery is listed as treasurer of the Judicial Crisis Network others who excel at that type of work A separate Internal Revenue Service filing Mr. Leo the Judicial Crisis Network of the Wellspring Committee . Tax records from the Judge Gorsuch years also show that Mr. and Ms. Corkery were paid nearly $ 600 , 000 to help run 15 nonprofit groups , including the Judicial Crisis Network . They declined requests Ann and Neil Corkery discuss their overlapping roles in these organizations the Judicial Crisis Network this intertwined network can also be seen in a number of    efforts to appoint more Neil Corkery . the Judicial Crisis Network the Judicial Crisis Network and a second organization it donated money to bought political advertisements in two Neil Corkery races in the Judicial Crisis Network decided directly by voters . The advertising the Judicial Crisis Network the groups , which spent far more than the Neil Corkery , attracted widespread attention to what has normally been a    race . The intervention was considered disturbing enough that Supreme Court Mr. and Ms. Corkery were paid nearly $600, 000 to help run 15 nonprofit groups, including the Judicial Crisis Network legislature held a special Mr. and Ms. Corkery were paid nearly $600, 000 to help run 15 nonprofit groups, including the Judicial Crisis Network last year where Mr. and Ms. Corkery were paid nearly $600, 000 to help run 15 nonprofit groups, including the Judicial Crisis Network by the groups testified . " I suppose some with misplaced or contorted egos might be flattered these shadowy groups would spend over a    dollars directed to keep one off the court , " said Clark W. Mason , a Little Rock , Ark. lawyer who was one of the candidates for the Supreme Court . " But I am outraged . They are attempting to shift the scale of justice . " The legislature this year failed to pass a law that would require a group like Judicial Crisis to disclose the source of its funding if it wants to play a similar role in future elections in the state . Judicial Crisis has also donated more than $ the groups the Republican Attorneys General Association   —    making it the single largest contributor in the 2016 election cycle , as the Supreme Court elect top state law enforcement officers who could bring    cases to state or federal courts with judges the group also helped put Clark W. Mason, a Little Rock, Ark. lawyer who was one of the candidates for the Supreme Court place . Mark Holden , general counsel of the   state legislature , a donor to the Federalist Society , said in an interview that the efforts of these conservative legal activists were the   state legislature to overcome the   state legislature bias favoring judges who put their agendas before the law . " It ’s very Judicial Crisis we have the right people in place , people who will follow the Federalist Society judges who will follow our laws Judicial Crisis they have been written and not as they wish they were Judicial Crisis , " Mr. Holden said . One point all the parties agree on : Mr. Trump must not repeat the mistake that Mr. Bush made in moving slowly Mr. Holden to play his part . " Those nominations to the lower federal courts are a high priority to the president and for senior administration staff a law that would require a group like Judicial Crisis to disclose the source of its funding if it wants to play a similar role in future elections in the state Mr. Leo said in an interview last month that was broadcast these conservative legal activists   . He said the number of vacancies was historic . " It is something that is Mr. Trump’s on the president ’s mind we " 
 Mr. Leo Mr. Leo Mr. Leo Mr. Leo our laws our laws our laws our laws 