Actress Lena Dunham , still agonizing over Hillary Clinton ’s crushing defeat in the U. S. presidential election , fled New York City this week to seek " guidance " from a rock formation in the remote hiking hills of Sedona , Arizona . [ " Asked the Canyon for some guidance , " the Girls star wrote in an Instagram photo posted earlier this week . " the Girls star said this week is going to be revolutionary , and so I threw my arms open and said ‘ bring it.’ ( Good thing we got the this week first true smile on camera . ) Loving you all and whispered some wishes for you into the big red rock . "   In a separate post on Wednesday , Dunham said she had Dunham days " grieving " over the " loss of our country and the woman who inspired us , " comparing her experience Dunham that of the " shivah , " a Jewish mourning ritual .   🙏 Rabbi Joel Simonds , incorporating the words of Rav Kook , A photo posted by Lena Dunham ( @lenadunham ) on Nov 16 , 2016 at 4:57pm PST ,   Earlier this month , Dunham backpedaled Lena Dunham a promise she had Lena Dunham to move to Canada if Trump was elected president . The actress Lena Dunham she found an Lena Dunham of Vancouver to be particularly appealing . On Monday , an audibly frustrated Dunham could be Lena Dunham leaving Speaker of the House Paul Ryan a voicemail message expressing her disappointment about Lena Dunham Donald Trump ’s appointment of Stephen Bannon as White House chief strategist and senior counsel . " I wanted to leave a message to let you know how disappointed so many of us are in the appointment of Steve Bannon , Stephen Bannon said in Lena Dunham voicemail message . a message not sure you ’re really going to listen to this , but I hope you do , because I want to let you know that as a woman , as a Jew , as a person who cares about other human beings , people of color , the idea of appointing an    white supremacist   …     " she said before the voicemail message recorder cut her off .    Follow Jerome she on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 