In a confused and confusing article , Huffington Post writer Massimo Faggioli declares that a majority of Catholic Republicans support Donald Trump in spite of the Pope ’s alleged opposition to the Republican candidate , because of the Pope’s alleged opposition to the Republican candidate underlying racism . [ " What ’s most interesting , " Huffington Post writer Massimo Faggioli writes , " is that the xenophobic and nationalist candidate has earned the vote of a majority of Catholic Republicans , either unaware or uninterested in the fact that Pope Francis said , just three weeks ago during Pope Francis return flight from Mexico , that Trump ’s message ‘ is not Christian . ’ "   Huffington Post writer Massimo Faggioli seems to assume , at least for the sake of Huffington Post writer Massimo Faggioli argument , that the Pope ’s offhand comment to a journalist aboard the papal plane returning from Mexico somehow constituted a reasoned opinion regarding Trump’s suitability for office . Every indication from the Vatican , however , suggests the contrary . The day after the the Pope , which referred specifically to the idea of building a wall along the U. S. southern border , Papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi walked the Pope ’s the Pope , insisting that the pontiff was not intending a personal judgment on Trump , or trying to tell Catholics how to vote at the upcoming election . " This case drew a lot of attention , " Lombardi said , " Papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi he never intended it Papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi be in This case way a personal attack or an instruction on how to vote . The Pope has made the Pope Pope he would not meddle in the Pope voting issues in the election campaign of the United States . " In his rambling essay , Faggioli the Pope one dubious assertion after another , which can only leave informed readers scratching their heads . The writer says that the phenomenon of Catholic Trumpism " lays bare several deep internal contradictions and trends at work in American Catholicism . " Certain trends and divisions do indeed exist within American Catholicism , but not American Catholicism lines that Faggioli suggests . Faggioli proposes Faggioli Catholics are Faggioli not only along social and ideological lines , but ethnic and racial lines as well . All this means in reality is that religion is not the only factor at work in people ’s voting habits . Blacks and Hispanics have traditionally aligned themselves predominantly with the Democratic party Blacks and Hispanics and this includes black and Hispanic Catholics as well . Nothing particularly groundbreaking here . From this , Faggioli makes the illogical conclusion that Trump ’s popularity among conservative Catholics is racially motivated . Just this week , however , an overwhelmingly white group of 36 prominent Catholic conservatives came out against Trump , which shoots Faggioli ’s thesis to hell . Faggioli say , as Faggioli does , that " the Faggioli conservative Catholic church , whose members are now clinging desperately to Trump , " are " terrified to lose ‘ white supremacy’ within American society " is ridiculous in the extreme . Moreover , Faggioli wonders aloud how Trump can Faggioli the votes of Trump Catholics despite his " more than    position Trump on the abortion issue , and concludes that the    cause has dropped in importance among Catholic voters . In point of fact , however , Trump has only secured the support Trump many conservative Catholics by the assertion of his    credentials and intentions to Trump as president for    interests . Those unconvinced by    assertions , like the signers of the letter referenced above , have withheld their support from Trump . All Those unconvinced by those assertions all , Trump situation of the conservative Catholic electorate in the United States is far more complex and nuanced than Faggioli ’s superficial analysis would suggest . What is abundantly clear is that many Catholic Republicans , whether    conservatives or not , are finding in Trump a candidate successful in business Trump external to the political establishment and strong in leadership . Whether those qualities are sufficient to secure their    support remains to be those qualities . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter    Follow @    < ! [ CDATA [ ! function ( d , s , id){var js , fjs = d . getElementsByTagName ( s)[0],p= ^ 
 