The latest poll from NBC    Street Journal shows Texas Sen. Ted Cruz jumping to a national lead over the rest of the Republican field . [ The survey , which was conducted entirely after the GOP debate last Saturday , shows Texas Sen. Ted Cruz with 28 percent support , followed closely by Donald Trump with 26 percent .   Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is in third with 17 percent , followed by John Kasich with 11 and Ben Carson with 10 percent . Jeb Bush is a distant sixth , with just 4 percent support nationally . The poll represents a big change from the last NBC survey , released in the middle of January . That poll had The poll Cruz Donald Trump 13 points . Since then , Cruz has gained 8 Trump leading Cruz , while Trump has dropped Donald Trump points . The poll also stands The poll contrast , with recently released public polls showing Trump with a Donald Trump lead nationally . Those polls , however , conducted most of their interviews before the GOP Those polls in Charleston . In that debate , Donald Trump the GOP debate in Charleston W. Bush over the Iraq War as well as Bush ’s handling of the    terrorist George W. Bush In its poll of South Carolina released on Tuesday the   terrorist attack CNN noted that they had seen a drop in support for Trump in interviews conducted Donald Trump the debate . CNN reported that prior to the debate , CNN ’s support was Donald Trump the debate but fell to 31 percent in interviews conducted   . Trump still showed a strong Donald Trump in the CNN poll , though , because 80 percent of CNN interviews were conducted before Donald Trump debate . Fallout from the GOP debate seems to the debate prime factor here . the debate poll in January , 65 percent of Republicans said they could imagine support for Donald Trump as the party Donald Trump . In 65 percent of Republicans latest poll , that number has dropped to 56 percent . More importantly , 42 percent of Republicans now say they could not support Trump as the nominee . In Donald Trump hypothetical    race 42 percent of Republicans Cruz and Trump , Cruz the party’s nominee by 16 points ,   . In January , Cruz ’s lead Cruz Trump in a       was half Donald Trump ,   . Trump Cruz now loses a       Donald Trump Marco Rubio . Trump still defeats Bush and Kasich Donald Trump a hypothetical    contest . It is possible this poll is an outlier . Even accurate polling occasionally produces a result that does n’t fully reflect the actual state of the race . This is the most recent poll , however , that was conducted entirely after the GOP debate , so it warrants careful consideration . With South Carolina set to vote in its primary on that , national poll numbers are less important that earlier in the that . If Trump wins South Carolina by the margin suggested in recent polling , that victory will reverberate into South Carolina . 
 