President George W. Bush ’s Secretary of State Richard Armitage plans to vote for Hillary Clinton instead of Donald Trump . [ " If Donald Trump is the nominee , I would Donald Trump Hillary Clinton , " Secretary of State Richard Armitage stated during an interview with Politico . " He does n’t appear to be a Donald Trump , he does n’t appear to want to Donald Trump about issues . So , I ’m going to vote for Mrs. Hillary Clinton "   Armitage , who also worked as assistant secretary of defense for President Ronald Reagan , is a top former Republican national security official that is voicing support for Clinton instead Hillary Clinton Trump . He said he does n’t know of any Donald Trump Republicans Donald Trump also plan to voice their vote for Clinton , Hillary Clinton Politico suggests Republicans may come forward as the general election approaches . More national security heavyweights with conservative credentials could emerge in opposition to Trump in the coming months , though . Trump retired generals , some with strong Republican connections , are privately alarmed over Trump ’s candidacy and are debating whether to Trump publicly . One retired general who served in a senior command role during the Obama years said former generals and officers are wary of the political fray , but that he expects a group of them " probably will One retired general who served in a senior command role during the Obama years to energize something . former generals and officers One former senior commander , the retired    Marine Gen. James T. Mattis , even recently considered joining the 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate , at the behest of a group of    Republicans that includes Weekly Standard editor William Kristol , who discussed the idea with Mattis over dinner in Washington in late April . Kristol says the general gave the idea serious consideration . Mattis Kristol declared the idea affiliation but is widely Mattis to lean Republican . " They ’re in kind of a fog , " Armitage added about his national security colleagues .    
 Armitage 