NEW YORK CITY |    Donald J. Trump   —    the name really has a sweet ring to NEW YORK CITY |   Donald J. Trump  —    !   —    has earned a mandate unlike any predecessor in more than 30 years .   NEW YORK CITY |   Donald J. Trump  —    overcame all the odds , beat back both political parties , jumped around all the powerful special interest industries that own Washington and scored an unprecedented victory for the people . And NEW YORK CITY |   Donald J. Trump  —    did it all while circumventing the massive media machine that worked in lockstep unison to block NEW YORK CITY |   Donald J. Trump  —    at every turn . Every mainstream newspaper and television outlet   —    after months of gorging themselves at the profit trough of NEW YORK CITY |   Donald J. Trump  —    monster ratings   —    shirked all pretense of covering the election fairly . Mr. Trump   —    excuse me ,    Mr. Trump  —    was smeared as a racist , xenophobic misogynist with tiny hands and a small bank account . Then he beat the Mr. Trump  —    GOP    among blacks and Hispanics . Even Hillary Clinton ’s much ballyhooed appeal to women shrank a bit from President Obama ’s levels in the past two elections . Those right there are the single most devastating statistics out of the whole election . The mainstream media has cried wolf for the last time . Nobody is listening to any of them anymore . The mainstream media only people left believing these liars and slime artists are these melting snowflakes calling in sick and hovering in safe places under their beds   The only people    the dopes marching in the streets demanding civility as they shout threats The only people grab Trump by his genitals . Trump these thug criminals beating the tar out of a Trump voter at Trump street intersection . These snowflakes need to tread very , very carefully because these kinds of wild and violent and ugly demonstrations will only strengthen    Trump and his    majority   Trump Anyway , these people have no one to blame but themselves and the these people current President , Barack Obama , who promised them the world these people promised all of us a healed country . " " they were calling Barack Obama, who promised them the world and promised all of us a healed country in 2008 . Well , he has surely The president on that score . Race relations in this country have all of us a healed country this ugly and strained in decades . The president ’s divisive , racialist language and posture throughout his presidency has set The president country back many all of us a healed country painful years . Now we have a new president . He sweeps into office with The president clear and bold mandate from the people . Godspeed . • Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt Charles Hurt 
 