Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election . Hillary Clinton is expected to announce Hillary Clinton vice presidential pick today and appear with Hillary Clinton selection tomorrow in Florida . The media elite and Democrats seem to have all ( what a coincidence ! ) thought Donald Trump ’s speech was " dark . " The media elite and Democrats were all on the same page with coordinated talking points across all networks . It ’s easy for elites living in " Boomtowns " to not see many of the problems Americans are facing , and that disconnect , especially on illegal immigration , is what propelled Donald Trump’s to the nomination and may win Donald Trump’s the White House .   The mainstream media seem to be perking up ( just listen to The mainstream media tone ) as The mainstream media get to become " homers " next week for the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . But when Black Lives Matter speakers and others talk about all that The mainstream media think is wrong with America next week , will the same media elites who denounced Trump ’s speech also slam Democrats for painting a " dark " picture of America ? All times eastern .   —    8:45 : RNC ’s Chief Strategist :    = Status Quo ticket . if you like establishment status quo politics then @HillaryClinton @timkaine is your ticket https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) July 23 , 2016 ,   8:43 : Tim Kaine Tweets : Just got off the phone with Hillary . I ’m honored to be Hillary running mate . Ca n’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami !   —    Senator Tim Kaine ( @timkaine ) July 23 , 2016 ,   8:30 : [ An interesting vice presidential choice . It seems like Clinton thinks —   Senator Tim Kaine can help Clinton with    white voter like Joe Biden helped Obama . But this is n’t 2008 , and    voters like Trump much more than voters like Trump ever supported John McCain . Clinton may also be going    on Virginia , thinking that if Clinton wins Virginia , the election is over . Kaine , an ultimate political insider who will face charges of cronyism and corruption after having received lavish gifts while he was Lieutenant Governor and Governor , reinforces many of Clinton negatives . She Clinton regret not selecting Cory Booker or Julian Castro . ] 8:10 : HILLARY CLINTON PICKS TIM KAINE : I ’m thrilled to announce my running mate , @TimKaine , a man who ’s devoted his Julian Castro to fighting for others .    pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) July 23 , 2016 ,   # BREAKING @HillaryClinton has picked Virginia Senator @TimKaine as her Virginia Senator President .   —    Carlos Suarez ( @CarlosWPLG ) July 23 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Clinton about to reveal VP pick : . @HillaryClinton #BREAKING @HillaryClinton long been a political partner . Tonight , she #BREAKING @HillaryClinton reveal her #BREAKING @HillaryClinton . She #BREAKING @HillaryClinton making calls to those who did n’t get picked .   —    Jeff Zeleny ( @jeffzeleny ) July 22 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Trump pulls even with Clinton Clinton Reuters ’s national poll .   6:17 : No VP announcement as Clinton Clinton by saying " love trumps hate . " 6:08 : Clinton Clinton Trump Trump " talking trash " about America . 6:05 : Clinton Clinton the ultimate globalist , claims to understand all of the " angst " re : trade deals , globalism , etc . She Clinton Trump Trump " isolationism " at the convention . 5:57 : Clinton Clinton Trump Trump saying he Clinton fix it alone . She Clinton we had a revolution to prevent that from happening . 5:51 : Clinton Clinton Trump Trump divisiveness and anger but no solutions . [ No matter how many plans Trump Trump , Democrats will reflexively say he Trump n’t have plans . ] Clinton Clinton Ted Cruz ’s lines against Trump Trump campaign rally . [ Ted Ted Cruz NO RONALD REAGAN . ] 5:45 : Clinton Clinton takes the stage . She Clinton the GOP convention was " kinda perversely flattering " because Republicans spent so much time talking about her Clinton Clinton Clinton something has gone terribly wrong when one speaker says " vote your conscience " and gets booed . Clinton Clinton she Clinton thought she Clinton say these words , but " Ted Cruz Ted Cruz . " 5:42 : Trump issues statement on Munich terror attacks : Our prayers are with all those affected by the horrible attacks Munich terror attacks not continue . The rise of terrorism threatens the way of life for all civilized people , and we must do everything in our power to keep it from our we . 5:36 : At Clinton we Orlando rally , Sen. Bill Nelson ( ) is introducing Clinton . 5:05 : Crowd still waiting Clinton Clinton , who may have been forced to call an audible re : VP announcement after terror attacks in Germany : There are more than 3600 people awaiting Clinton at the Tampa fairgrounds , per Clinton marshal , via campaign ,   —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) July 22 , 2016 ,   5:00 : Like there was even a question . Good grief . The Washpost edit board is not waiting until October . We are ruling out endorsement of Donald Trump . Here ’s why : https :   .    —    Jackson Diehl ( @JacksonDiehl ) July 22 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Clinton on her way to Tampa after Clinton Pulse Clinton : Clinton is headed to Tampa after an Clinton and a stop Tampa Pulse in Orlando . Sen. Bill Nelson is joining her . pic . twitter .    Sen. Bill Nelson    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) July 22 , 2016 ,   Clinton is at the site of the Clinton nightclub shooting in Orlando , laying flowers , meeting    Orlando responders pic . twitter .    —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) July 22 , 2016 ,   3:57 : For some reason , Richard Engel on MSNBC is trying to downplay that this attack may be associated with ISIS . He cites the " " terrorist in Richard Engel on MSNBC . No mention of radical Islam . But on CNN , a witness whose child was in the bathroom with the gunman when he was loading his pistol and says whose child may have whose child had the gunman his pistol back not been turned the gunman , says the terrorist shouted " Allahu his pistol " the " " terrorist in Norway children . 3:40 : Germany terror attack delaying Clinton VP announcement ? Clinton ’s BK HQ staff went into 3:00 meeting expecting to hear VP pick , but told will have to wait Clinton VP " undisclosed time , " per source .   —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) July 22 , 2016 ,   hard to see how Clinton tweets out VP choice during ongoing coverage of Clinton   —    especially since Trump cited Nice in delaying last week ,   —    John Harwood ( @JohnJHarwood ) July 22 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Clinton to start calling those who were n’t chosen Clinton VP . Campaign headquarters will reportedly know pick in a few hours : Clinton will be calling some of the people who Clinton n’t get picked , source says https :   .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) July 22 , 2016 ,   1:15 : On CNN , pundits were discussing how " dark " Trump was to talk about the need for a border wall and the need to be tough on Islamic terrorists when the network   …     . cut to a terrorist attack in Germany in which at least one person was shot and ten wounded . Now analysts are talking about how Germany has taken the lead in admitting Syrian refugees Germany     JUST IN : Twitter video shows people running from scene of shooting at German shopping center https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 22 , 2016 ,   U. S. Consulate Munich advises U. S. citizens to follow police instructions , shelter in place after shooting at mall . pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 22 , 2016 ,   12:35 : Obama again against walls : Obama : Globalization is a fact because of tech Obama global integrated supply chain . " We ’re not going to be able to build a wall around that . "   —    Ray Locker ( @rlocker12 ) July 22 , 2016 ,   12:15 : Obama Obama asked about RNC in a press conference with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto . He says he did n’t watch the convention the convention has Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto lot Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto stuff to do . Pena Nieto Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto who compared Trump to Trump and Mussolini , says he wo n’t opine on the presidential the election says Obama this Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto that America is somehow on America verge of collapse " ( but he did Obama watch Trump’s speech , so why is he commenting on Obama " fears " that he expressed ? Obama does n’t " jibe with the experiences of most people . " Obama says America Obama its relationship with America despite America " heated rhetoric . " He claims America Obama learned from NAFTA America pushes TPP along with Pena Nieto . 11:55 : All eyes on Tim Kaine Tim Kaine @timkaine departs Boston Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) July 22 , 2016 ,   VIDEO : @timkaine in Boston : " No news to report . " pic . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) July 22 , 2016 ,   11:50 : Very interesting . CNN anchor John Berman says that though pundits and the media elites immediately painted Trump CNN speech as " dark , " the participants of a focus group that he conducted during Trump Trump’s did not get that impression at all . [ Huge disconnect between elites in Boomtown and regular Americans . ] 11:15 : Trump , after    Heidi    Enquirer ( he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting ) says Cruz he good   Heidi   Enquirer does n’t know how to Ted Cruz it . He says he thinks Heidi Cruz is beautiful and Heidi and Cruz ’s kids Ted Cruz best things Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) has Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) for Ted Cruz . He jokes he may start a Super PAC to defeat Cruz in Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) future . Trump Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) says Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) was Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) Ted Cruz Trump who was making a lot of money and did n’t need to marry him . He says he had to work really hard to get her to marry him . Trump Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) Trump Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) you Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) a Trump lover " or a " hater , " Trump, after   Heidi   Enquirer (he says the Enquirer should have won a Pulitzer for their John Edwards reporting) have no choice but to vote for Trump if you care about the Supreme Trump . " Just one thing I want to leave you with : Supreme Court Justices , " Donald Trump https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 22 , 2016 ,   Trump : " We ’re going to get somebody as close to " Justice Scalia for # SCOTUS https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 22 , 2016 ,   10:54 : Trump predicts nobody is going to watch Trump " boring " Dem . convention and Clinton ’s speech . " I know her too well , " he says . Clinton says his speech went long because Trump all Trump the applause . " There was great love in that room speech he says . 10:52 : Trump says Trump was " dishonorable " Trump not honoring the pledge . Ted Cruz : Trump says this summer will go down Trump " the summer of Trump . " 10:41 : Trump thanks Trump Jeff Sessions ( ) for his support . He calls Sessions a Trump   genius Trump " 10:40 : Trump says Barry Switzer has praised Harold Trump . He says Switzer told him other energy Trump spend millions looking for oil while Hamm puts a straw in the ground and Barry Switzer comes Barry Switzer . Trump says we need someone like Hamm Trump Harold Hamm Secretary . 10:39 : Trump thanks the carpenters , electricians . etc . who helped build the Harold Hamm . Pence introduces Trump at    event with supporters in Trump pic . twitter .    —    Jonathan Lemire ( @JonLemire ) July 22 , 2016 ,   10:35 : Trump thanks the people of Cleveland and Ohio . He said this " was probably one of the most peaceful , one of the most Cleveland , one of the most    conventions in the history of conventions . " " That was unity , " he says . " That was amazing . " Trump says the " party has come Trump " and " He few people who are n’t there   …      that ’s okay . " 10:25 : But not the charisma : Looking across different ideological measures , Kaine has roughly an Tim Kaine ideology to Biden .   —    ( ( ( Harry Enten ) ) ) ( @ForecasterEnten ) July 22 , 2016 ,   10:20 : This is what the media elite and the professional pundits say was a " dark " speech ? [ A lot of Americans became hopeful that someone vowed to fight for them and is actually listening to them on immigration and trade . ] And here ’s our illustration from the A lot of Americans night of the Republican National A lot of Americans # RNCinCLE . pic . twitter .    —    USA TODAY ( @USATODAY ) July 22 , 2016 ,   10:08 : In Cleveland , Trump is getting ready to address volunteers Trump helped his campaign throughout the week . 10:05 Trump Obama Cleveland 7 years bypassing Obama with " pen and phone " : SUPER AWESOME , Trump says " I alone can fix Trump " : DARK SHADOW OF HITLER ,   —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) July 22 , 2016 ,   Bill Maher : " Thank you , thank you . I have to say , this convention did answer a few important questions for the American people like could another Nazi Germany happen here convention and Clinton 9:55 : For everyone saying this speech is " too dark " Germany   —    69 % of the nation thinks the USA is on speech track .   Many will agree w Trump .   —    Ari Fleischer Trump @AriFleischer ) July 22 , 2016 ,   9:50 : Nearly every mainstream media reporter —   and all of the GOP establishment consultants who whisper in their ears so they can be " informed " about Republicans —    and network pundit all thought the exact same thoughts after watching Trump their speech . Coincidence ? 9:45 Trump will reportedly announce her VP pick today and appear with Trump’s speech in Miami . HRC Clinton a campaign event Clinton Clinton VP Sat morning and Tim Kaine Clinton bilingual Tim Kaine If you want that as an asset , then you ’d showcase it on day 1 Miami   —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) July 22 , 2016 ,   A source tells me Clinton VP announcement likely today via   . Clinton and running mate will appear together tomorrow for 1st event Clinton VP announcement Amie Parnes ( @amieparnes ) July 22 Clinton 2016 ,   9:35 : Matt Dowd is one of the few who seems to get the disconnect between the media    " Never Trump " professional    Democrats and the rest of America : As I have watched many in the America disparage trump over the last week I understand more why Trump pick trump . Elites do n’t get it .   Trump    Matthew Dowd ( @matthewjdowd Trump July 22 , 2016 ,     9:30 : Wallace worked for Jeb Bush and George W. Bush . Translation : Death of Matt Dowd , globalism ) . Wow   —    Nicole Wallace on NBC : " The Republican Party that I worked Jeb Bush decades died in this room tonight . "   —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) July Wallace 2016 , 
 