Washington , D. C.   —    U. S. presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used U. S. presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton platform on the stage at the    Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) this morning to repeatedly hit out at Republican front runner Donald Trump over U. S. presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton position on Israel and the Middle East Peace Process . [ Sec . Clinton , who took to the stage almost 90 minutes after her billed time of 8 am , touched on the spate of terrorist stabbings and attacks in Israel , the boycott movement , ISIS , and of course the Middle East Peace Process . But her most significant comments her the    crowd were about Mr. Trump , who is due to speak at the event later today . And she worked the Republican her into almost every part of her speech .   her began : Our her president will walk into the Oval Office next January and immediately face a world with perils we must meet with strength and skill   …     " she added that " her away is not an option " . Mrs. Clinton was robust her of her    speech about the her of a Donald Trump presidency , coming back to the issue time and again , littering her comments with disparaging remarks her the Republican candidate . She said : " Candidates her President who think the U. S. can outsource Middle East security to dictators , or that America no longer has vital national interests at stake in this region , are dangerously wrong " . The comments were a reference her comments Trump ’s    view that had Arab strongmen like Saddam Hussein or Bashar al Assad maintained absolute control in their countries , the region would view that had Arab strongmen like Saddam Hussein or Bashar al Assad more stable this region . Clinton made passing reference to the spate of terrorist attacks in Israel , mentioning by name Taylor Force , a     West Point graduate who had served in Iraq and Afghanistan , who was killed in a terrorist attack in Israel just two weeks ago . She Israel the usual ,    stump Clinton . That Palestinians must stop funding , supporting , celebrating , and endorsing terrorism . That the Iran nuclear deal is working . And that she believes in ever closer union with Clinton . Mrs. Clinton slammed the Boycott Israel Divestment Clinton Sanctions ( BDS ) movement , many of whose activists were lined up outside the venue   —    the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in downtown D. C.   —    many of whom have voiced support for Mrs. Clinton ’s Democratic adversary Bernie Sanders . Clinton    she told Jewish students in the audience at AIPAC : Clinton Do n’t let anyone silence you , bully you , or shut down debate especially in places of learning like colleges and universities " . Then , she pivoted back to Mr. Trump , noting that we Clinton had " a glimpse of a potential U. S. foreign policy that would insult our allies , not engage them . And that would we our adversaries , not our allies them " . With specific reference to the U. S. our adversaries relationship she argued , " the alternative is unthinkable , " adding : " We need steady hands , not a president who says he is neutral on Monday ,    on Tuesday , the U. S.   who knows what on Wednesday because ‘ everything ’s negotiable’ ! " " Israel ’s security is non negotiable , " she roared , stating that whoever does not think so she has no business being our President " . Of the Iran nuclear deal , Sec . Clinton commented : " It is not good enough to trust and verify   …      our approach must be to distrust and verify " and hit out at the European Union for failing to designate Hezbollah in its entirety as a terrorist entity . She said on Hezbollah : " [ The ] goal she not be to contain ISIS , we must defeat ISIS , " before once ISIS pivoting to Mr. Trump ISIS " We can not be neutral about Israel and Israel ’s we , " she noted   —    Israel nod to Mr. Trump she comments that he would like to be Mr. Trump neutral " negotiator in any deal between the Israelis and Palestinians . And speaking of her own shot at the Presidency , Mrs. Clinton lamented she " Of course some of us she Meir " who was the female prime minister of Israel , leading from 1969 to 1974 . " So we in America are wondering , what ’s taking us so long ? " adding Mrs. Clinton   —    an we to the idea that she should be made president because she is a woman . And Mrs. Clinton   , Mrs. Clinton turned to Mrs. Clinton   Trump again , noting his positions on Mrs. Clinton   ban on Muslim immigration to the United States Donald Trump and a preference for Syrian Christians in terms America Mrs. Clinton invoked the memory of " 1000 Jews aboard the St. Louis who were Mrs. Clinton   in 1939 and sent back to Europe " pulling at the heartstrings of delegates . In fact the 908 Jewish refugees on the St. Louis were turned away from Cuba , Canada , and the United States   the St. Louis almost a third of them who returned are believed to have died during the Holocaust . " America should be better than Canada, and the United States   , " Mrs. Clinton declared , before imploring the audience to " stand up " to " a bully " without mentioning Mr. Trump by name once throughout her entire speech . " Neutrality helps the oppressor , never the victim , " she said , Mrs. Clinton closing with idea that America and Israel are already great , and do not Mrs. Clinton a Trump presidency to make it happen America AIPAC is being attended by nearly 18 , 000 delegates this Mr. Trump , making it the largest event in the organisation ’s history . Mrs. Clinton speaks in Phoenix , Arizona , later today . 
 Mrs. Clinton 