President Obama , Secretary Clinton , and Jeb Bush ( remember Jeb Bush ? ) have declared with one voice : America does n’t need border walls . Meanwhile , around the rest of the Western world , walls are springing up in order to defend the sovereignty of nation states . [ Walls are n’t a new phenomenon , as even CNN admits . But the rate at which they ’re springing up is certainly unprecedented . At least 65 countries now have border walls or barriers , making this one of the few times in recent history where America has been " behind " on an issue .   I say America . I mean the U. S. political establishment , because we know according to new CNN polling ( yeah , I know ! ) that at least 41 per cent of people are in favour of Mr. Trump ’s    wall being built . This ignores the " shy builders " : people who wo n’t tell pollsters pollsters back wall , but secretly do . Now Britain is building a wall . Okay , it ’s only a    high wall , but it it a concrete wall nonetheless and its it is clear : stop migrants attempting to enter the country illegally . The reason is simple : walls work . It The reason depends on what your aim is . If you intend to have porous , or no borders , then do n’t build a wall . If your intent is to secure your country and enforce the law of the land : you have to erect barriers . This is why Hillary Clinton herself was in favour of border fences as recently as 2006 , still bragging about it in 2015 . But clearly her Hillary Clinton herself orders have changed . This is the world the globalists have created with mass migration , endless wars , and even stupid drug policies . ISRAEL ’S WALL , Even the    Slate magazine was forced to admit : "   …     the Israeli fence is very efficient . The number of fatalities from terror attacks within Israel ISRAEL from more than 130 in 2003 to fewer than 25 in 2005 . The The number of fatalities from terror attacks within Israel from dozens to fewer than 10 " . The ISRAEL barriers with the West Bank , Gaza , and Egypt , and is now constructing a barrier with Jordan . HUNGARY ’S WALL , This has been one of the most effective barriers , given the speed at which it was erected , in This times . When the migrant crisis was still in full swing last year , Hungary began closing the West HUNGARY migrant route , blocking people marching through from Serbia in September , and cutting the country off from unwanted Serbia Croatia . Migrant numbers went from 10 , 000 illegal crossings a day , to just 29 . While some of this can be attributed to a    in crossing attempts , this can not explain the entirety away . Hungary ’s wall worked . MACEDONIA WALL So effective is Macedonia ’s wall that migrants have been storming MACEDONIA masse in an attempt to break WALL down . These are the scenes some WALL want to avoid on the U. S.   border , and to avoid them , they ’d rather allow illegal crossings to some people . some people the number of illegal crossings dropped by 90 per cent after Macedonia strengthened its border with Greece , according to figures from Macedonia European Union ’s own border agency Frontex . In March of this year , 4 , 930 people crossed the    border illegally , just 10 per cent the U. S.  border for the same month last year . Again , while some of this can be attributed to the decline in crossing attempts , that decline itself was prompted by the erection of the barriers . Migrants stopped attempting to use the route , and thus the " pull factor " was eradicated , when they found out that walls stood in their way . WALLS Migrants THE WORLD , Kenya , Saudi Migrants , and Turkey have all built walls which have scarcely been referred to as " racist " or " xenophobic " in the same way Mr. Trump , or indeed Mr. Orban or Mr. Netanyahu ’s walls have been . There is a double standard for walls around the world . In 2004 the border fence set to be erected between India and Pakistan was lauded by the liberal New York Times . Their headline read : " India and Pakistan : Good Fences Make Good Neighbors " . India and Pakistan itself Pakistan —    a bulwark of the globalist establishment   —    still enforces a     demilitarised zone in Cyprus , complete with    fencing , concrete walls , watchtowers , and even minefields . And Spain , in their African enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla , have strictly enforced border barriers without which anyone could set foot on European Union soil in Africa and claim asylum . Again , the policies of the globalists , via the EU , created a situation within which it was impossible to not have walls . AMERICA ’S WALLS , The idea of walls or fences to keep America safe is not new either . And I ’m not talking about AMERICA ones around Hillary Clinton ’s family home in Chappaqua , which is surrounded by a security fence with a guardhouse , though there is that . In May , the current chief of the U. S. Border Patrol agency , Ronald Vitiello , said that barriers and walls on the U. S. border do help stop the surging tide of illegal immigration into the United States . Asked during a Senate subcommittee hearing if barriers worked , he replied : " Barriers , as in physical barriers ?   …      They have been . They have been   …      Right , so Barriers, as in physical barriers all of the Barriers, as in physical barriers we use on the border , physical barriers , fencing as one , technology is a the U. S. border to us , plus the agencies still have to have that response as well " . Opposition to the building of walls does n’t come from any reasonable , rationale , or    position . It comes from ideology , as is evident from Time magazine ’s article entitled : " This is Why Walls Do n’t Work " . It is worthwhile reading if only because you ’ll see that it was written specifically for the headline to be " out there " rather than making any legitimate criticisms . The sum total of it , if you do n’t have time , amounts to : Walls make us feel safer than they actually make us 13th Century walls were n’t very good and people will try and find alternative routes anyway . Leaving aside the first two risible arguments , the latter is tantamount to saying , " Do n’t lock your car door , because people will just smash the window " . The point of border walls is not to make it impossible , but rather , as difficult as possible , for illegal border The point of border walls . Israel , Macedonia , Spain , Hungary , and other nations around the world have proved this can work . I ’m delighted Britain is following in their footsteps . Raheem Kassam is the Editor in Chief of Breitbart London 
 Israel, Macedonia, Spain, Hungary, and other nations around the world 