Despite the fact that teachers union bosses were all in for Hillary and made a heavy push for members to jump on the Clinton bandwagon , exit polls revealed that a large number of teachers ignored a large number of teachers leaders and voted for Trump . Now union officials are engaging in finger pointing and recriminations . [ Union bosses failed to convince large numbers of Union bosses own members to follow Union bosses lead and vote for Hilary , according to the most recent data . Apparently one in five members of the American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) voted Trump and one in three   —    an even higher percentage of members of the National Education Association ( NEA )   —    went for the real estate mogul despite what union leaders advocated , according to USA Today .   As a result , union leaders are scrambling to try to figure out why so many of union leaders own members broke for the GOP on Election Day . But at least one union chief is calling at least one union chief own members " sexist " over it all . In recent comments , AFT President Randi Weingarten accused AFT President Randi Weingarten own membership of sexism for refusing to vote for at least one union chief . " Frankly I was always concerned about whether the country was ready to have a female president , " AFT President Randi Weingarten said . " There was an intensity of hatred that male political figures never get . So I think we ’re never really going to understand it . " AFT President Randi Weingarten strongly defended AFT President Randi Weingarten union ’s early support of Clinton despite the number of fans Bernie Sanders garnered among many far left activists . The union boss said AFT President Randi Weingarten had " no regrets   —    absolutely no regrets " about AFT President Randi Weingarten support of Clinton . AFT President Randi Weingarten also noted that Bernie Sanders " was never tested or vetted by anyone , and frankly we have no idea whether he Bernie Sanders have actually been able to get through this crucible    …      either . " Teachers union members are far from the only union folks who supported Trump . While the latest exit polling shows that the bulk of union members still voted Democrat in 2016 , the Washington Post reported that Trump Trump Clinton by only eight points among union households . The data shows Trump Trump out more union support than any Republican since Ronald Reagan carved out a group of Democrats thereafter known as the " Reagan Ronald Reagan . " Indeed , according to some union activists , Trump Trump to the Oval Office may present " an extinction level event " for unions as Republicans take control of both houses of Congress , the White House , and maybe even the Supreme Court if Trump follows Trump on campaign promises to appoint    justices . Other union leaders are also scratching their heads Other union leaders why so many of their members Other union leaders with leadership and voted Trump . Trump in an effort to console himself , The   ’s political director , Michael Podhorzer , told Politico that union members did n’t vote on issues . As far as Podhorzer was concerned , his members Podhorzer for Trump because Trump did n’t union members Mrs. Clinton ’s personality . " I would argue that this was not an election that was won or lost on issues and policies , " he insisted . Podhorzer this navel gazing though , does n’t explain why unions failed to get stronger support from their own membership unions the tens of millions collectively spent to get Hillary elected . Unions spent a record amount of their members’ dues Unions on    political activism this year , only to see Democrats lose ground not only in Washington but all across the nation . To name only a few , records show that The National Education Association threw $ 18 . 1 million into the coffers of Democrats and spent another $ 1 . 4 million on advocacy . The Service Employees International Union also opened its pocketbook wide The Service Employees International Union donating a whopping $ 19 million to Democrats . And the liberal UNITE HERE spent $ 4 million just to register voters . All total , unions spent at least $ 108 . 2 million on politics this cycle compared to the $ 78 million spent in 2012 and the $ 59 . 1 million spent in 2008 , according to The Wall Street Journal . Little of that went to Republicans . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 