Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign rolled out a new television on Thursday featuring Simon and Garfunkel ’s classic 1968 hit " America . " [   The    spot , set to begin airing in Iowa and New Hampshire on Friday , features shots of Sanders campaign rallies and American farmers set to the lyrics of the famous duo : " They ’ve all come to look for America . " A spokesman for the Sanders campaign told Variety that the use of the song was not meant to be an endorsement from Simon and Garfunkel of the Vermont senator ’s presidential run . But that has not stopped Hillary Clinton ’s team from attacking Hillary Clinton’s team . Brock super PAC Correct the Record and head of liberal watchdog Media Matters , pointed out that the ad features few people of color . " From this ad it seems black the ad n’t matter much to Bernie Sanders , " Brock told the Associated Press on Thursday . In a statement Friday , Garfunkel listed nine reasons he allowed the Sanders campaign Brock use the song Bernie Sanders Paul Simon , who    the song with Garfunkel , has not yet commented Garfunkel Here ’s Garfunkel ’s complete statement , courtesy Garfunkel : 1 . I never wanted to gain an influence on the public through my songs , and then use it for my politics . It ’s an influence on the public and switch . 2 an influence on the public Xenophobia ( fear of different people ) is the issue of the 21st Century ( said Bill Clinton to me backstage ) . We reach beyond nationalism   —    do n’t I sing for ALL hearts and minds . 3 . But after    I realized that I truly love    America and quest for an identity with my fellow Americans . 4 . Almost 50 years ago I professed my love in a melodic suspension that soars at the end of our song , " America . " 5 . I wanted America arrangement to be urgent , reaching , yearning , shining , and full of glory , full of my love for this country . 6 . Who are America 13 states in rebellion , making what kind of composite ? Southern planters defending states’ rights or a beautiful unity founded on Hamilton ’s respect for northern bankers . 7 . 33 yrs later , just after    I wrote a piece ( in my website , to be out in my autobiography next year ) that again holds up a mirror . 8 . Now I believe the monied interests have gone too far and have rigged the system . [ a poem from 2001 ] : 9 . " Perhaps if I steal from Thomas Wolfe and give him his proper due   —    not Thomas Wolfe Thomas Wolfe man in full’ but the ‘ homeward angel’   —    he might reappear for you . Then see Thomas Wolfe up there where the Rockies rise , Thomas Wolfe legs dangling over the ledge above Denver Thomas Wolfe eight thousand feet in the air . Before him , the plains , behind , the Thomas Wolfe , stars coming out on a summer ’s night , and everywhere the twilight falls on America . To the right is Amarillo , beyond it the Astros at play , over my the right , Seattle , over the other beyond the Great Canyon , gas fumes and fast food mix with the smell of L. A. Hear the blues parade across the stage . Up from New Orleans into Chicago , see all the clusters of lights beyond . Follow the fashion of Rock ‘ n’ Roll   —    St Louie to Cleveland to Philly to bond the nation ’s soul with music in its cars . And in our hearts , the nation’s of the physical entity America America . Identity in doubt . We ca n’t go home again , so America ’re runaway vagabonds , lost in twilight America wondering what we ’re about . " —   Art America     Presidential campaigns have run into trouble this election cycle by using the songs of artists who do n’t support them , or even outright hate them . Presidential campaigns June , a manager for Presidential campaigns Young said that Donald Trump ’s use of " Rockin’ in the Free World " during his initial campaign announcement was " unauthorized . Donald Trump Young later said he supports Sanders in the Neil Young election . Neil Young January of last year , the Celtic punk band Dropkick Murphys ordered Gov. Scott Walker to stop using its music after the    contender used the Dropkick Murphys ’s song " I ’m Shipping Up to Boston " before his speech at the Iowa Freedom Summit . Gov. Scott Walker We literally hate you , " the band wrote on Twitter at the time . 
 