Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will visit Charlotte , North Carolina on Sunday , after two days of rioting in the city in response to an    police officer shooting an armed    man who refused to disarm . [ The news of the visit was revealed by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton aide Nick Merrill , a day after Trump signaled that Trump was also thinking of visiting the riot stricken city .   " Trump is considering trip to Charlotte next week after Monday ’s debate , I ’m told , " wrote CNN ’s Jim Acosta on Twitter on Thursday . " Officials now looking at logistics for a visit . " In an interview with Breitbart News Daily on Friday morning , Omarosa Manigault , the director of    outreach for Donald Trump ’s campaign , signaled Donald Trump’s was considering it . " What Donald Trump’s wants to do is to be there for Americans who feel like people have turned people backs on people . And so as long as everything logistically works out , certainly , yes , Donald Trump’s will go visit those folks , " she said of Donald Trump’s ’s possible Charlotte visit . But possible Charlotte visit appears that Clinton has jumped ahead of Donald Trump’s plans , interrupting four planned days of rest and debate preparations at home . The first presidential debate is scheduled for Monday . Clinton Clinton not made a public appearance on the campaign trail since Wednesday . Earlier today Clinton Clinton for Charlotte law enforcement to release the video of the shooting to the public . " Charlotte Charlotte release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay , " she Clinton on Twitter . " We must ensure justice   work to bridge divides . " Earlier in the week , Clinton Clinton that she Clinton the right candidate to end the " systemic racism " in the law enforcement community . " Maybe I can by speaking directly to white people say , ‘ Look this is not who we are,’ " she Clinton . " We ’ve got to do everything possible to improve policing , to go right at implicit bias . " 
 