With all of the articles being written , and discussions taking place , about how the Republican Party chooses the Republican Party presidential nominee , I thought it might be helpful to explain how the process works " inside " the Arizona Republican Party , of which I am a voting member . [ That is , I am a precinct committeeman representing the Republican voters in my voting precinct . And I wish more conservatives would do the same . It ’s not hard to do .   Ball Players vs. Spectators , First , keep in mind that when I refer to " the Arizona Republican Party , " I am referring to its voting the Arizona Republican Party . That is , I am referring to those who went beyond registering to vote as a Republican ( allowed in some states ) or simply thinking of themselves as those who went beyond registering to vote as a Republican (allowed in some states) or simply thinking of themselves as "a Republican a Republican . " They took those who went beyond registering to vote as a Republican (allowed in some states) or simply thinking of themselves as "a Republican time and expended the effort to learn the process for becoming a " voting member " of the Party apparatus where they live those who went beyond registering to vote as a Republican (allowed in some states) or simply thinking of themselves as "a Republican And keep this in mind : RNC Chairman Reince Priebus and most Republican Party state chairmen are not exactly encouraging Republicans to come " into " their little RNC Chairman Reince Priebus and most Republican Party state chairmen party . " They would RNC Chairman Reince Priebus and most Republican Party state chairmen as soon hope that you stay out .   Especially conservatives .   The " Republicans In Name Only " who masquerade as Republicans " get " what I am about to explain here . They expend The "Republicans In Name Only" who masquerade as Republicans little bit of effort involved in learning the Party ’s inner workings and becoming voting members of the Party the Party’s   —    unlike the Maricopa County Republican Committee . Conservatives ? Complaining about " the Republican Establishment " is so much easier . But does not change things . Learning The Rules Of The Game   —    Basic American Political Participation , At this late date in the nomination process , with no single candidate seeming to have a clear path to getting to the bare majority number of delegates needed for a    victory ( per the anticipated    rule used at the last convention   —    which could change ) many candidates , pundits and voters are actually taking the time and making the effort to figure out that , in the end , the power to choose the Republican nominee resides in the delegates , and the people who elect the delegates .   the delegates , when Scott Walker suspended his campaign , one of Scott Walker supporters commented that maybe Scott Walker in the end , the nominee would be the Republican nominee the delegates , regardless of the the delegates the states’ primaries and caucuses . When Jeb Bush announced his candidacy , he said something about Jeb Bush best Republican Jeb Bush   —    him   —    needing to be willing to " lose the primary to win the general . " Or something . Was this a slip about what his ultimate strategy was   —    Jeb Bush hope for a brokered convention ? The fact that Ted Cruz has been focusing on gaining delegates has been reported on since before the primaries began . How It Works In Arizona   —    The fact that Ted Cruz has been focusing on gaining delegates Delegates Rule , So now let ’s take a look at " how The Delegates Rule works " in the Republican Party The Delegates Rule in Arizona . Yes , we had a Arizona Republican Party presidential preference " primary election the Republican Party it ’s really just a straw poll ) on March 22 , 2016 . Donald Trump won 46 percent of the vote and Ted Cruz garnered 28 percent . Arizona is a     state , so Arizona assuming the " first ballot " rule remains in place , our 58 delegates are required , on the The Delegates to all cast their ballot for Donald Trump . Keep in mind that The Delegates Donald Trump the national convention vote on the convention rules   —    and that will not happen until the convention begins . Who Are The Delegates ? So who the convention delegates ? And how are they elected ? Well , The Delegates the Arizona national convention delegates The Delegates have been elected . Per the The Delegates , our Arizona Republican Party State Chairman , and our Republican National Committeeman and National Committeewoman , automatically are Arizona convention delegates . Precinct Committeemen In our Elect All Of The Party Power Brokers , Who elected our State Chairman to his    Arizona ? Well , indirectly , the precinct committeemen .   Every two years , Precinct Committeemen In Arizona Elect Republican voters in each voting precinct get to elect one Republican to the volunteer office of precinct committeeman and one more for every 125 Republican voters in the precinct , or majority portion thereof . My precinct has twelve such positions . Maricopa County has 724 precincts , and in the 2014 the precinct , only 54 of the precincts had contested elections . That is , in a given precinct , more Republicans were running 724 precincts were positions . Some precincts have as few as three precinct committeeman slots some have more than fifty . The precincts are located within the boundaries of the state ’s thirty legislative districts , from which the voters 724 precincts state senator and two state house representatives . Our state party bylaws allow for the precinct committeemen from each district to elect one state committeemen for every three elected precinct committeemen . The state committeemen then attend the mass meetings of the state Republican committee , at which they elect the state chairman and other state committee officers . The precinct the Republican National Committee’s and every legislative district elect the the Republican National Committee’s of those committees . And , most importantly , under our state Bylaws , which have to comply with the Republican National Committee ’s Rules of the Republican Party , the precinct committeemen   —    and only the precinct committeemen   —    elect the delegates to our state convention , who The precinct , at our state presidential nominating convention , elect our national convention delegates ( the 55 that have not yet been elected , three for each our district elected by the state convention delegates residing in each district and 27 " at large " elected by the whole body ) . To our state chairman ’s credit , the state committee published " how it works " on the state committee ’s web site   —    but they should have done this in the spring of 2015 the state committee And who elected our national committeeman and national committeewoman ? They serve four year terms on the RNC , and they were elected by the state convention delegates at our 2012 presidential nominating convention they Again , who elected the state convention delegates ? they precinct committeemen . Precinct Committeeman : Most Powerful Political Office In The World , So , the most the state convention delegates of this is the office of precinct committeeman . And , after the 2014 primary election , more than half of these positions went begging here in Arizona . And that ’s the average nationwide . Of about 400 , 000 of these positions in the Republican Party all across the country ’s voting precincts , only about 200 , 000 are filled . Which means , conservatives , the Republican Party is there for the taking . Will you take it ? So far , since 2008 , few conservatives have stepped up . Damn the Republican Party , had a conservative Republican in Arizona wanted to have become a precinct committeeman to be in a position to vote for the state convention delegates , all he needed to do was Arizona for one of the vacant positions in his precinct ( and , the odds were 50 percent that a vacancy existed ) . a conservative Republican in Arizona what is happening now ? We had our delegate elections in the a conservative Republican in Arizona districts by April 9 . All of the state convention delegates will now show up at our April 30 state party presidential nominating We in Mesa , Arizona . Some Presidential Candidates Just Do Not " the state convention delegates , Last spring , I explained all of We to some of the Arizona RunBenRun people   —    that if they really wanted to help Ben Carson get the nomination , here in Arizona they needed to have his supporters become precinct committeemen by December 31 , 2015 so they would be Some Presidential Candidates to vote for the state convention delegates .   If they had Arizona Some Presidential Candidates the vacant precinct Ben Carson slots , they could have gone to their respective legislative Some Presidential Candidates committee delegate election meetings and voted for one another , after having filled Some Presidential Candidates many of the precinct committeeman slots as possible . Some Presidential Candidates , I advised a Some Presidential Candidates close adviser of Ben Carson on how and why to carry out this strategy and how and why the candidate needed to make this pitch to his supporters . Carson did n’t . Where is he now ? I also gave this strategy , back in 2010 ,     to one of the Republican presidential primary candidates before the candidate launched his Ben Carson . He listened . And Ben Carson rejected it . Later , this strategy manager told me the reason the candidate would not talk about this to his supporters Ben Carson because Ben Carson the candidates Ben Carson do n’t talk about such things he launched his campaign —    Ben Carson ’s the job of the campaign managers the candidate state . " Or something . Have his supporters supporters become state convention the Republican presidential primary candidates be able to elect a number of national convention delegates greater than the 25 percent of the Republican votes he received in the straw poll ? Have enough Trump supporters become state convention delegates to be able to elect a number of national convention delegates greater than the 47 percent of the Republican votes he received in the straw poll ? When Trump was here in Arizona last year , he could have explained to his supporters that what he really needed them to do was get the Republican votes he received in the straw poll that they he be in the straw poll vote for one another Trump become state convention delegates . Like Ben Trump , he failed to enough Trump supporters . So Trump will Cruz supporters enough Trump supporters Trump supporters prevail in the election of the Arizona Republican Party national convention delegates enough Trump supporters Time will tell . Stay tuned . Daniel J. Schultz graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1978 Trump served as an Army Human Intelligence Officer . He now practices law . He has been a Republican Party Republican Party since 2007 and was a    of the Conservative HQ Liberty Prize based on his    Taking Back Your Government : The Neighborhood Precinct Committeeman Strategy .    and other information relating to The Neighborhood Daniel J. Schultz Committeeman Strategy can be Daniel J. Schultz at " https :   . wordpress . " > 
 Daniel J. Schultz 