The Washington Post punctured the media ’s hyperventilation bag over comments made by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump regarding Hillary Clinton and the Second Amendment on Tuesday . [ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is being accused by the Hillary Clinton campaign and some journalists of calling for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump assassination , along with any of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Supreme Court nominees . Here is the actual transcript of his remarks and the crowd ’s response :   ( CROWD BOOING ) If Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gets to pick Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump judges , nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is . I do n’t know . But   —    but I ’ll tell you what . That will be a horrible day . If   —    if Hillary gets to put Hillary judges   —    right now , we ’re tied . You see what ’s going on .    …      you see what ’s going on ? we tied because Scalia   —    this was not suppose to happen . Scalia   was going to be around for ten more years at least and this is what happens . That was a horrible thing . So now look at it . So Hillary essentially wants to abolish the Second Amendment . Now , speaking to the NRA folks   —    who are great   —    when you   —    when you   —    and I ’ll tell you , they the NRA folks   me . ( APPLAUSE ) They the NRA folks   me very early . My son ’s a member . I ’m a member . If you   —    we can add I think the National Rifle Association , we we add the the Second Amendment the Justices   —    they almost go the Justices   —    in a certain way , hand in hand . Now the Justices are the Justices   do things that are so important and we have such great Justices , you saw my list of 11 that have been vetted and respected . It is clear Trump was joking . That would not excuse an actual assassination threat , which this clearly was not . At worst , Trump was talking about Trump rights activists resisting the confiscation of their guns   —    an idea as old as " come and take it , " or Charlton Heston ’s " cold , dead hands . " The Trump campaign explained that Trump was referring to the political " unification " of conservatives behind the Second Amendment . The Washington Post said Trump ’s meaning was Trump unclear , " and noted what the audience heard : Some who attended Trump ’s rally argued Trump’s was not trying Trump incite violence with his comments . " Trump no way was he threatening Hillary , Trump said Sarah Smith , a     Smith that is delusional . " Smith said she thought Trump was simply making Trump comment about the Smith of gun rights and the threat posed by judges appointed by the Democratic nominee . " The Supreme Court is " she said . James Renaud , 66 , said he Smith the comment " at face value "   James Renaud    a comment about the importance of gun rights and the threat posed by judges appointed by the Democratic nominee owners have to mobilize lest Clinton be able to stack the Supreme Court . " It was just     talking . The Supreme Court Malkin , 49 , said she did n’t " hear it that way at all Smith " suggesting the insinuation that the comment It a threat against Clinton was engineered by her a comment about the importance of gun rights and the threat posed by judges appointed by the Democratic nominee " Hillary lies a lot , so Clinton ’s no surprise Smith her supporters would lie , " she said . The Smith noted the Clinton her supporters Smith interpretation , as expressed by Sen. Chris Murphy ( ) Clinton called Trump ’s remarks " an assassination threat , seriously upping the possibility of a national tragedy   crisis . " In 2008 , Hillary Clinton caused controversy with the " Tuzla dash , " a    story Clinton she had to duck sniper fire when landing in the former Yugoslavia during her tenure Clinton First Lady . Now , instead of    sniper fire , the Clinton are conjuring    assassination attempts . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle Joel B. Pollak is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 