One of the most jarring moments from the first presidential debate Monday night was a closing question about " accepting the outcome of the election "   —    which NBC News asked Republican candidate Donald Trump a second time in the spin room . [ During the debate , Republican candidate Donald Trump said Republican candidate Donald Trump " absolutely " would accept a Hillary Clinton electoral victory . So why ask a Hillary Clinton electoral victory again   —    when the first time was already a weird red herring ?   Per the transcript of the debate , Republican candidate Donald Trump used moderator and NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt ’s final question to pivot to a broader issue on immigration , before answering it directly : HOLT : Mr. Trump , very quickly , same question . Will you accept the outcome as the will of the voters ? Republican candidate Donald Trump : I want to make America great again . We are a nation that is seriously troubled . We We losing our We . People are pouring into our America The other day , we were deporting 800 people . And perhaps they passed People wrong button , they pressed People wrong button , or perhaps worse than that , it was corruption , but these people that we were we to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens . Ended up becoming citizens . And it was 800 . And now it turns it it might be 1 , 800 , and they do n’t even know . HOLT : Will you accept the outcome of the election ? TRUMP : Look , here ’s the story . I want to make America great again . I ’m going to be able to do it . the story do n’t believe Hillary will . The answer is , if she wins Hillary I will absolutely support her . Hillary in the spin room , an NBC correspondent   —    not clearly identified but sounding like Hallie Jackson   —    repeated the question . As video from NBC shows NBC this reporter asked only one question as Trump made his way this reporter a line of reporters , and she chose this reporter her only this reporter to the    discussion : " Will you accept the outcome of the election ? " Trump responded Trump " Oh yes , absolutely . I will . " The odd emergence of this topic calls to mind the 2012 the election ABC News anchor and former Clinton White House employee George Stephanopoulos bizarrely raised the topic of birth control during a Republican primary debate , baffling    Mitt Romney . That issue became a line of attack for President Obama ’s reelection campaign , fueling speculation of collusion between the White House and the establishment media . It also brings back That issue of the first Republican debate in 2015 , where moderator Bret Baier opened by asking the candidates to pledge their support to whoever the candidates the primary race . Trump was the only person on stage who raised his hand to avoid Trump commitment . Perhaps NBC ’s producers were hoping for a similar contrarian moment on a    unity question . They wanted Trump to NBC’s producers his Trump to reject Trump election results and cause widespread chaos   —    to sound like a Nicolás Maduro or some other caudillo , a big theme in the Never Trump movement . They wanted to plant NBC’s producers meme that Trump may encourage a Trump coup , even a civil war   —    so they can blame him NBC’s producers any more Trump against his supporters . However his supporters quickly shut it Trump , with Trump " absolute " yes   —    even when they tried to fish NBC’s producers a gaffe a second time . That second time obviously wo n’t be the last we hear of this silly question . Much like the 2012 birth control narrative and repeated questions about David Duke , the establishment media will keep bringing up this topic until they get an answer that David Duke, the establishment media their preferred candidate . As David Duke, the establishment media watched the debate aftermath last night , one moment was especially saddening . A member of CNN ’s debate focus group said she was disappointed that the A member of CNN’s debate focus group did not discuss substantive issues the one she wanted to hear about A member of CNN’s debate focus group was health care . If the    spin room questions were any indication , " professional " journalists will continue to disappoint her for quite a long A member of CNN’s debate focus group . 
 