Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump secured the last of the Republican primary states on Tuesday in California and a historic count of over 13 million primary election votes . [ Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump closed out the primary election season with wins in South Dakota , New Mexico , New Jersey , Montana , and California . While Sen. Bernie Sanders remains actively campaigning for the Democratic nomination against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Trump became the GOP ’s presumptive nominee shortly after winning Indiana ’s May 3 primary election .   Sen. Bernie Sanders surpassed 2012 nominee Mitt Romney ’s and 2008 nominee John McCain ’s primary election vote totals by late in April according to Politico calculations . Previous record holder George W. Bush received just 10 . 8 million votes in 2000 , a number far surpassed by Trump ’s over 13 million votes with the five June 7 primaries . Trump ’s Trump 13 , 266 , 277 according to the RealClearPolitics vote count as of Wednesday morning . That count did the RealClearPolitics vote count to include the most recent totals for California which they listed at 1 the RealClearPolitics vote count 146 , 548 . As of Wednesday morning , the Wednesday morning of State ’s California reported a slightly higher 1 , 173 , 893 votes for Trump with 99 Trump 7 percent of precincts reporting . Many supporters of constitutional conservative Sen. Ted Cruz in late primary election states like California thought this might be California year they got to make a Many supporters of constitutional conservative Sen. Ted Cruz in late primary election states like California in the primary , casting a vote that would help decide the nominee . Cruz however , dropped out constitutional conservative Sen. Ted Cruz the race following defeat in Indiana prompting moderate Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich to pull out as well . In the end , California Republicans holding out by California to their respective candidate voted 9 Republicans 2 percent for Cruz and 11 . 3 constitutional conservative Sen. Ted Cruz for Kasich . This leaves a moderate Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich number of votes on the table for Trump to potentially win over . Many former Trump critics have fallen in Trump behind their party ’s nominee as Many former Trump critics election season has rolled forward . Democratic Party presidential candidate Clinton heavily emphasized the angle that she will be the first Democratic Party presidential candidate Clinton nominee of a major party in America ’s history in her Tuesday night victory speech Democratic Party presidential candidate Clinton from Brooklyn , New York . Sanders vowed to fight on for the Democratic presidential nomination in his late night speech from Sanders Angeles , California where he proclaimed , " The Sanders continues ! " Sanders did pull out a Sanders in Montana on Tuesday , preventing a Clinton June 7 primary shutout . Clinton logged a significant 25 Clinton 6 percent drop in California primary votes compared to California 2008 performance . In Clinton 2008 battle against    Clinton Barack Obama , she received 2 , 608 Clinton 184 California Democratic primary votes compared California a 2016 total of 1 , 940 , 580 against Sen. Sanders with 100 percent of precincts reporting . Sanders supporters told Breitbart News Sen. Sanders they were n’t giving up Sanders supporters their candidate during a Tuesday Sanders supporters night party . The crowd yelled , " Sanders supporters is corrupt ! " and criticized the Monday evening    primary election day Associated Press report that claimed Clinton had secured enough delegates to win their party ’s nomination . Several Sanders supporters from Sen. Harry Reid ’s precinct made their stand in the Nevada caucuses precinct refused to relent to Clinton   —    even when Clinton loved ones beckoned them and they were told they would precinct no precinct for Sanders precinct Reid is backing Clinton . Sanders and Sen. Harry Reid will make Clinton presidential nominations official at their respective Republicans and Democrats ’s national conventions . Republicans and Democrats Republican National Convention will be held in Cleveland , Ohio from July   . The Democratic National Convention will be held The Republican National Convention from July   . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 July   