Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has made up significant ground against Hillary Clinton in the past few days in the    poll , where Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump trailed by 12 points on Tuesday , 45 % % but is now behind only 5 points , 41 % % . [ When four candidates are included in the poll   —    taking in Green Party candidate Jill Stein and Libertarian Gary Johnson   —    Hillary Clinton ’s lead narrows to just 3 points , 39 % %   —    a statistical dead heat , given the poll ’s margin of error of 3 points .   the poll was taken Aug.    over a period where Hillary Clinton accused Trump of aligning with the Ku Klux Klan and the " . " The a period where Clinton accused Trump of aligning with the Ku Klux Klan saw new revelations of     corruption while Hillary Clinton was at the State Department . Reuters reports : The the poll Aug.    percent of likely voters supported Hillary Clinton ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election , while 36 percent supported Trump . Some 23 percent would not pick either candidate and answered " refused , " " other " or " would n’t vote . " In a separate    poll that includes candidates from small , alternative parties , Hillary Clinton leads the field by a smaller margin . Some 39 percent of likely voters supported Hillary Clinton in the    poll , compared with 36 percent for Trump , 7 percent for Libertarian candidate Gary Trump and 3 percent for Green Party nominee Jill Stein . Both polls were conducted online in English in all 50 states . They included 1 , 154 likely voters and Both polls a credibility interval of 3 percentage points . Other possible reasons given for the shift are Trump ’s aggressive outreach to    voters , and his willingness to show flexibility on deportation .    Clinton email chain that emerged this week suggested that the Secretary of State had granted meetings to people who could not access her through official channels , once they had the Secretary of State significant amounts of money to people who could not access her through official channels family ’s foundation , which has been the Secretary of State for spending relatively little on charitable grants . The Associated Press reported : " More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state gave money   Hillary Clinton    either personally or through companies or groups   —    to the Clinton Foundation . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 