On his last day in office , the chief federal prosecutor in Chicago made an impassioned plea for big changes to combat the city ’s soaring violence , departing from the Justice Department ’s usual    tone to criticize the local political culture , federal budget cuts and    reformers . In a    statement issued as the chief federal prosecutor in Chicago resigned on Monday , Zachary Fardon , the United States attorney for Northern Illinois , outlined a plan for taking on crime and the ills of the Chicago Police Department , including a pattern of excessive force that was documented by the Justice Department in January . Most of all , the chief federal prosecutor in Chicago said , the Chicago police need a major increase in resources and a    consent decree , with a monitor , to make sure change occurs . " For decades , C. P. D. has been run on the cheap , " Mr. Fardon wrote . " Officers do n’t have the training , the supervision , the equipment or the culture Officers need and deserve . " If you leave correcting those deficiencies to the vagaries of city politics , then you likely lose the    fight . " Chicago police officials outlined a plan for improvement on Tuesday that Chicago police officials pledged to follow even if the Justice Department does not pursue a consent decree . Superintendent Eddie Johnson said that the police training program would be overhauled , that supervision would be improved by having fewer officers assigned to each sergeant , and that a new     policy would soon be finalized . " We ’re not just saying We ’re going to reform   —    We ’re showing you that We ’re reforming , " Superintendent Eddie Johnson said . " If you go out there right now , C. P. D. is different than it was this time last year . So we We n’t need a piece of paper to ensure that we We it . We We doing it it " Mr. Fardon was one of 46 United States attorneys whom the Trump administration told on Friday to resign immediately . The suddenness was unusual new presidents routinely remove the prosecutors but often keep them the prosecutors while searching for their the prosecutors . Preet Bharara , the United States attorney in Manhattan , refused to step down and was fired . His counterpart in Montana , Michael W. Cotter , resigned but called the the Trump administration of the matter " very unprofessional . " A few others called it abrupt and unnecessary . Mr. Fardon ’s parting message was different , raising no objection to his ouster . Mr. Fardon , it was a call to address a surge of violence in Chicago that has defied the efforts of police officers who " in their quiet moments struggled with their own sense their frustration and despair . " Mr. Johnson called Mr. Fardon " a great partner " to the Police Department and said he agreed with Mr. Johnson Fardon ’s Mr. Fardon "a great partner" more prosecutions on federal gun laws . He also addressed Mr. Johnson Fardon ’s claim Mr. Fardon "a great partner" officers had become hamstrung and too passive on patrol . " Listen , there are things within C. P. D. that we did need to fundamentally change , and we ’re changing them , we Mr. Johnson said , adding that officers were focusing on arresting gun offenders and other serious criminals . " I think that the     understand that we have a job to do , " he said . " You Mr. Johnson , we swore an oath to we the citizens of the city , and that ’s what we ’re going to do we " Donovan Price , an    activist who agreed with parts of Mr. Fardon ’s statement , said , " I believe he shed some tears when Mr. Johnson wrote this . " Mr. Johnson decrees and federal oversight , favorite tools of the Obama administration and police critics , are opposed by many conservatives , including Attorney General Jeff Sessions . Mr. Fardon criticized budget cuts Mr. Fardon thinned the ranks of federal prosecutors . He called for a significant increase Mr. Fardon better cooperation among federal law enforcement agencies . But he also said that criticism of Mr. Fardon police , and efforts to restrain them , had undermined morale and the police to the rise in crime   —    a claim often made by conservatives but rejected by liberal advocates of police reform . Mr. Fardon took particular aim at a 2015 agreement between the police and the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois that sharply curtailed the number of people   —    primarily black men   —    the police could stop on Chicago ’s streets . He wrote that the settlement had Mr. Fardon officers , " If you go talk to those kids on the corner , you ’re going to have to take 40 minutes to fill out a form . " He said that change , along Mr. Fardon the firing of a police superintendent and the release of a video showing an officer shooting a     Laquan McDonald , 16 times , had created a morale crisis . As officers made fewer stops , he said , " kids started Mr. Fardon more . " Karen Sheley , director of police practices for the A. C. L. U. of Illinois , said Mr. Fardon had overstated the burden of the 2015 agreement , adding , " Trying to blame reform for a rise in crime is a mistake . " Many cities had increases in violent crime last year , but Chicago stood out as homicides jumped more than 50 percent , to 762 , more than New York and Los Angeles combined . Mr. Fardon wrote that    communities Mr. Fardon far bigger police presence and more programs to divert young people from gangs . And he called for an aggressive crackdown on Mr. Fardon media , where people air grievances that escalate to gunfire . These prescriptions require money , so their prospects are unsure , at best These prescriptions in a city and state with serious financial challenges and under an administration in Washington that has promised to cut spending . Jim Bueermann , president of the Police Mr. Bueermann was hesitant about others . But he said it was important that Mr. Fardon had aired them . " There are a lot of people that Mr. Bueermann in the criminal justice system that feel deeply and Mr. Bueermann about these issues , but the public does n’t hear that very often , " Mr. Bueermann said . " I think more prosecutors and police chiefs should do what he did . " 
 Mr. Bueermann 