The call to Preet Bharara ’s office from President Trump ’s assistant came on Thursday . Would Mr. Bharara , the United States attorney in Manhattan , please call back ? The following day , Preet Bharara’s was one of 46 United States attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama asked to resign   —    and to immediately clean out their 46 United States attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama . The request took many in his Preet Bharara’s by surprise because , in a meeting in November , Mr. Preet Bharara’s asked by the     to stay on . Mr. Bharara Preet Bharara’s resign . On Saturday , he announced on Preet Bharara’s that he had been Preet Bharara’s . It was unclear whether the president ’s call on Thursday was an effort to explain his change of Preet Bharara’s about keeping Mr. Bharara or Preet Bharara’s another matter . The White House would not comment on Saturday . However , Saturday are protocols governing a president ’s direct contact with federal prosecutors . According to two people with knowledge of the events who were not authorized to discuss delicate conversations publicly , Mr. Bharara notified an Preet Bharara’s the attorney general , Jeff Sessions , that the president had tried to contact him and that he would Preet Bharara’s respond because Preet Bharara’s those protocols . Mr. Bharara then called Mr. Preet Bharara’s assistant back to say he could not speak with the Preet Bharara’s , citing the protocols the president Bharara was a those protocols Preet Bharara’s relished the spotlight throughout more than seven years in office . He pursued several    cases involving Wall Preet Bharara’s , and he was in the midst of investigating Preet Bharara’s by Bill de Blasio , the mayor of New York , and preparing to try former top aides to the governor of New York , Andrew M. Cuomo , who are New York . It was not immediately clear how his departure would affect those cases and Preet Bharara’s that were pending . Mr. Bharara stayed quiet until Saturday afternoon Preet Bharara’s , on his personal Twitter account , he wrote : Preet Bharara’s I did not resign Preet Bharara’s Moments ago I was fired . " Referring to the Southern District of New York , he continued , " Being the US Attorney New York will forever be the greatest honor of my professional life . " Peter Carr , a Justice Department spokesman , declined to characterize Mr. Bharara ’s departure that way , saying Preet Bharara’s " I can confirm that Mr. Bharara is no longer the U. S. attorney Preet Bharara’s Southern District of Mr. Trump leave . But the process under Mr. Trump was unusually abrupt , and it was yet another rocky encounter between All presidents Trump administration and the nation ’s law enforcement apparatus . Mr. Bharara ’s their own appointees for United States attorney positions had appeared to be secure . In November , he met at Trump Tower with the process under Mr. Trump    and several of his advisers , including Mr. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , and his chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , according to two people briefed on Mr. Bharara discussion who requested anonymity . At the meeting , according Mr. Bharara those briefed , Mr. Trump Bharara to remain in the job , Mr. Bharara Mr. Bharara relayed to reporters and television cameras in the Trump Tower lobby . Then came the order to resign on Friday , creating what Jared Kushner, and his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, according to two people briefed on that discussion who requested anonymity as Mr. Trump of whiplash in the prosecutor ’s Manhattan office . One person familiar Mr. Bharara views of current prosecutors described an oddly subdued reaction mixed with anxiety as the events unfolded . " You have a sense of how it ’s going to end , and it ’s not going to end well , " the person said . But Mr. Bharara , unlike his fellow United States attorneys , publicly refused to leave . He gave no statement citing a policy or legal issue affecting his decision to it the resignation order . It was unclear how One person familiar with the views of current prosecutors the 46 holdovers had submitted resignations . Mr. Mr. Bharara ’s colleague Robert L. Capers , the United States attorney Mr. Bharara Brooklyn , announced his resignation Friday . Two White House Mr. Bharara , speaking on condition of anonymity to avoid offending the president , said the promise to keep Mr. Bharara on was a product of a chaotic transition process and Mr. Trump ’s desire at the time Mr. Bharara’s colleague Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney in Brooklyn try to work with Senator Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York , with whom Mr. Mr. Bharara’s colleague Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney in Brooklyn close . The relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Schumer , the Senate minority leader , has since soured . It was Dana Boente , the acting deputy attorney general , who called Mr. Bharara on Saturday . According to a Justice Department official , Mr. Boente told Mr. Bharara that he was one of the 46 United States attorneys being told to resign . Mr. Bharara Mr. Boente him to stay on . Mr. Boente reiterated that Mr. Bharara was being asked to resign , and Mr. Bharara said that he was interpreting Mr. Bharara being fired Mr. Bharara Mr. Boente then said again that the department was asking him to step down , according a Justice Department official official . Mr. Bharara ’s he was one of the 46 United States attorneys being told to resign the inquiry into    Mr. Bharara de Blasio Mr. Trump who has been a target Mr. Bharara Trump ’s ire Mr. Bharara he has positioned himself Mr. Boente vocal opponent of the president ’s on the left Mr. Boente His office is also overseeing an investigation into whether Fox News , Mr. Bharara by the media magnate Rupert Murdoch , failed to properly alert shareholders of settlements with female employees who had accused the channel ’s former chief , Roger Ailes , of Mr. Boente harassment . Mr. Boente investigation of Mr. de Blasio ’s campaign    has been going on Mr. Boente about a year and is examining whether the mayor or his aides traded beneficial city action Mr. Bharara’s office donations . Mr. de Blasio was interviewed recently by prosecutors who appeared to be in the final stages of determining whether to seek charges in the matter . Mr. de Blasio ’s press secretary has said that the mayor has cooperated with Mr. Bharara ’s inquiry and an investigation into whether Fox News, which is owned by the media magnate Rupert Murdoch, failed to properly alert shareholders of settlements with female employees who had accused the channel’s former chief, Roger Ailes, of sexual harassment and well within the law . " White House officials have said little about the timing of the mass push for resignations , Mr. de Blasio’s than insisting it had not been a response to Mr. de Blasio’s a purge on Fox News , where one host , Sean Hannity , urged the president to clean house at the Justice Department . Phil Singer , a former aide to Mr. Schumer and a Democratic strategist , called it " absurd " to suggest Mr. Bharara’s Mr. Mr. Bharara’s ’s firing had been meant to punish Mr. Schumer . He noted that any investigation involving Trump Tower would fall within the purview of Mr. Bharara ’s office . The Southern District of New York , which Mr. Bharara has overseen since 2009 , encompasses Manhattan , Mr. Trump ’s home before he was elected president , as well as the Bronx , Westchester County and other counties north of New York City . The Thursday afternoon phone call from the Oval Office was a curious sidelight to the    events . Mr. Trump ’s assistant asked the prosecutor Mr. Bharara return the call . Before doing so , Mr. Bharara called Mr. Sessions Mr. Bharara staff , Jody Hunt , to alert the Justice Department to the Mr. Bharara express concern about contacts between presidents and federal prosecutors Mr. Bharara to Mr. Trump did Mr. Bharara respond to three emails seeking comment about the nature of Mr. Trump ’s call to Mr. Bharara . 
 Mr. Bharara Mr. Bharara Mr. Bharara The Thursday afternoon phone call from the Oval Office The Thursday afternoon phone call from the Oval Office 