Matt Drudge and Matt Drudge news portal The Drudge Report mocked Sen. Marco Rubio ’s poor showing on Super Saturday , as the    Republican candidate placed only third or fourth in one primary and three caucuses . [ " TIME IS SHORT , " The Drudge Report ’s main headline reads , with a viral photo of the Florida senator sitting in an oversized rocking chair . The photo a viral photo of the Florida senator sitting in an oversized rocking chair reinforces the meme of " Little Marco , " Donald Trump ’s disdainful nickname for Rubio , who seemed to emerge as a     rival before a weak finish in Saturday ’s electoral contests .   The headline links to an Associated Press analysis of the Super Saturday fallout , where Rubio gets some brief mentions —   primarily referring to calls for his campaign ’s Rubio . Trump himself said Rubio time for Rubio to exit the Rubio , and Lindsey Graham said Rubio and John Kasich Rubio to evaluate their chances realistically . Rubio and John Kasich story also mentions that former Governor Mitt Romney declined to rule out his own nomination at former Governor Mitt Romney brokered convention during an appearance Sunday morning on NBC ’s Meet the Press . Trump , still the    in the delegate count , bagged Kentucky and Louisiana on Saturday . Cruz , cementing his claim to be the Trump alternative , captured Kansas and Maine . Trump said it was Trump for Marco Rubio to exit the race . But the Florida senator insisted Trump fixing to win Trump home state of Florida on Trump 15 .    Florida      With the GOP race in chaos , establishment figures are frantically looking for any way to derail Trump , perhaps at a contested Trump if no candidate can get enough delegates to lock up the nomination before the party meets in July . Mitt Romney , the 2012 GOP nominee , pushed the idea of a convention fight during a blistering    speech this week . Romney ’s address raised questions about Mitt Romney own willingness to seek the Mitt Romney at a convention . Romney fueled the speculation further during Mitt Romney appearance Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet The Press . " While he said he " ca n’t Mitt Romney " Mitt Romney elected by delegates at the party ’s Cleveland convention in Mitt Romney he added , " I do n’t Mitt Romney anyone in our party should say , ‘ Oh Mitt Romney even if the people in the party wanted me to be president , Mitt Romney say no to it . ’ " For months , Republican leaders have linked Trump and Cruz together , arguing that neither could win in November ’s general election . But the GOP elite ’s fear of Trump could be stronger than its disdain of Cruz Trump who has cultivated a Trump for tangling with his own party ’s leaders . South Carolina Sen. Trump Graham , also appearing on NBC , said Cruz " has made the best case thus far that he can be the alternative to Trump . " South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , who ended his own Trump House bid earlier this year , said Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich " have got to decide among themselves " whether they can be a realistic alternative Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich    Trump Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich Drudge has predicted Trump will be Trump Trump of the Republican primary Trump After his February victory in Nevada ’s caucuses , the site Trump with a photo of Trump , simply headlined : " The Nominee . " Trump 