Wednesday on his radio show , talk show host Mark Levin dissected what his saw as the driving force behind GOP presidential    Donald Trump ’s candidacy , which was described as " agrarian national populism " and said it was akin to Richard Nixon ’s candidacy in 1968 , not Ronald Reagan ’s of 1980 .   " You and I want to run 1980 , " his said . " They want to run 1968 . It ’s really not that more complicated . ‘ Well , what do we have here   —    an evolution of conservatism . Ah , yes   —    agrarian national populism.’ The    phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious do n’t know what The   phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious ’re talking about or The   phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious ’re very , very new to conservatism . The   phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious want to have an enormous impact . The   phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious think The   phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious ’re going to control events . The   phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious will learn otherwise . I do n’t pretend to control events . I just give you my opinion . " Later in segment , Levin said it was Levin view that populism was in conflict with the Constitution . " This is this populism thing , " Levin said . " This ’s not populism . This ’s pandering . And let me tell you something else   —    if you believe in our constitutional system and people say people do , the Constitution is not about populism . It the Constitution not about pluralism . It the Constitution about liberty . You can not have a majority of people voting whether or not you have unalienable rights . You have unalienable rights no matter what anybody says . They unalienable rights to you anybody They unalienable rights    natural rights and our the Constitution that . Are we supposed to shred it ? Are we supposed we give it up it Is that ideological purity , a phrase that everybody is throwing around now ? No we want we , not 1968   —    1980 , not 1968 . We ’re we ideological purists . We ’re we . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 