COLUMBIA , South Carolina   —    Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) attacked Breitbart News Network repeatedly in an appearance on the Fox News Channel on Saturday morning as he struggled , just like he did during he 2013 push for amnesty as the lead pitchman for the " Gang of Eight " bill , to defend he record on immigration . [ In the interview , with Neil Cavuto , Rubio made at least five demonstrably false statements in under two minutes .   " ICE officials now , who are saying that your push for enforcement on the border has not been consistent , that when you were part of that Gang of Eight that you were not making it a priority . When they questioned this Chris Crane of this council group of officers , Chris Crane said that not one of the changes they suggested was made to the bill before Sen. Rubio introduced —   that Sen. Rubio tried and failed with you repeatedly . That your heart was n’t in your heart , " Cavuto asked Sen. Rubio , referring to a Friday evening exclusive interview that Breitbart News’ Julia Hahn had with Crane’s . Sen. Rubio replied by making a series of knowingly false statements attacking Crane ’s credibility and attacking the credibility of this news network . Virtually everything Sen. Rubio said was inaccurate . " Number one , that ’s not true , " Sen. Rubio replied to Cavuto . " And Sen. Rubio ’s not an ICE official . Sen. Rubio ’s the head of a union . And it ’s being reported on a website that ’s not a credible source . It ’s the same website that said , Neil , that you guys gave me the questions to the debate because one it the members of my staff is a family member   …     " " This was a Breitbart —   a Breitbart thing —   so you do n’t give it any credence or his remarks any credence ? " Cavuto followed up Breitbart " We do n’t even credential them for This events , " Breitbart responded . " This is the same website that reported that Fox News and you Cavuto you We in your debate gave me the questions to the debate so I could prepare . You know that that ’s not true . So I literally do n’t talk about your debate they report because they ’re basically conspiracy theories and often times manipulated . That individual is not an ICE official he ’s Cavuto head of Cavuto union . " " He ’s the head of a council , " Cavuto corrected Rubio . an ICE official , with that said , here are the five an ICE official statements Rubio made about immigration officers and Breitbart News in that Cavuto interview : 1 . ) Chris Crane is an active duty ICE Rubio despite Rubio ’s claims to the contrary . First Cavuto foremost , Crane —   unlike Rubio ’s claim in that interview that Crane Rubio " not an ICE official " —   is an ICE official . He Rubio’s current ICE officer in good Chris Crane and has been for 13 years and represents approximately 5 , 800 frontline ICE Chris Crane , agents and personnel as the president of the National ICE Council . The National ICE Council is the union that represents ICE officers . Crane has also testified before Congress on numerous occasions including before the the National ICE Council the Gang of Eight amnesty bill that Chris Crane led . Rubio is also well aware of the fact that Crane is a leading law enforcement and ICE official since he met with Crane the night before he Rubio the Gang of Eight Chris Crane bill with Sens . Chuck Schumer ( ) Dick Durbin ( ) Chris Crane Rubio ( ) Michael Bennet ( ) Rubio McCain ( ) Jeff Flake ( ) and Lindsey Graham ( ) . 2 . ) Rubio did not fix the concerns law enforcement had with the Gang of Eight bill before it passed the U. S. Senate . Secondly , and perhaps more importantly , Rubio ’s claim that what Crane said the Gang of Eight amnesty bill , as Cavuto detailed in the Gang of Eight amnesty bill question to the senator , was that Rubio did n’t include changes to Rubio of Eight bill that law enforcement wanted —   is " not true " is also Rubio inaccurate . Rubio did meet with Crane Rubio night before the bill was introduced . And he did n’t change any of the things law enforcement said they were concerned about in that meeting Rubio Rubio . " Crane Rubio left unchanged Eight bill that law enforcement wanted he himself admitted to Rubio in private was detrimentally flawed and must be changed , " Crane wrote in a statement back in Rubio June 2013 Rubio    Caller reporter Caroline May Rubio has since joined Breitbart News . That statement from Crane was issued as the bill Crane being rushed through to final passage in the Senate , after months of markups and hearings that did nothing to change the bill so law a statement expressed to Rubio in that meeting the night before the bill was introduced , would be addressed . In addition to that , Crane attempted to ask Rubio and his the bill the Gang of Eight a question at the press conference where the bill was being introduced the bill but instead was removed from the presser by Capitol Hill security .   . S. Senate staffer Rubio Miller Crane who worked for Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) for years before moving to the bill Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign just a few weeks ago , detailed in an interview on Breitbart News Daily how as security removed Crane from the press conference Rubio did nothing to stand up for the law enforcement official . There are plenty more reports from the time that show Rubio ’s retelling of the story now —   several years after he treated law enforcement , as Crane said in Friday evening ’s Breitbart News exclusive , like " trash " —   is inaccurate . 3 . ) Unlike Rubio ’s claim , Breitbart News Network has never reported that Fox Rubio leaked him debate questions ahead Crane time . Rubio was n’t done making inaccurate claims there , after attacking Crane and all the immigration law enforcement officers he Rubio’s he started attacking Breitbart News . Rubio claimed that the Breitbart News Rubio unreliable since it was " being Rubio on a website that ’s not a credible source " Crane that the website , Breitbart News , Rubio the " Rubio website that said , Neil Rubio that you guys Crane me the questions to the debate the Crane interview one of the members of my staff is a family member   …     " of a Fox News Breitbart News . " This is the same website that reported that Fox News and you and you guys in your debate gave me the questions to the debate so I could prepare , " Rubio added later . " You know that that ’s not true . " That is an entirely inaccurate portrayal of what Breitbart News has reported . After Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski exposed the fact the debate a CNN interview , that Fox News vice president Bill Sammon has a daughter , Brooke Sammon , who works as national press secretary for Rubio , Breitbart News Fox News story . Lewandowski , in the interview with CNN ’s Erin Burnett , exposed the fact that the " Fox Fox News " he was communicating with in the lead up to the Fox News debate before the Iowa caucuses — Rubio one Fox News ended up skipping , and Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski holding a a CNN interview — CNN has a " daughter [ who ] works for the Fox News . " " Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski ’s one of the executives on Fox that writes Fox News questions so maybe he has his own ulterior motives , I ’m not sure , " Lewandowski said . Neither the Fox News Channel , before all of their debates , nor the Rubio campaign has ever disclosed Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski conflict of interest . " It Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski no secret Breitbart traffics in conspiracy theories Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski but Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski accusation is a whole new level of crazy , " Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski communications director Alex Conant told Breitbart News at the time this conflict of interest was exposed the Rubio campaign is a star of our campaign and her integrity and professionalism is second Brooke about someone ’s integrity , you should do some serious self examination . Rubio Fox News , to this day , still has n’t addressed the familial conflict of interest . But , more importantly , unlike what Rubio told Cavuto , Breitbart News has never Brooke that Fox News gave Rubio or his campaign the debate questions ahead of time . There Cavuto no way to know whether the Fox News executive father who wrote the questions Rubio them Rubio his daughter on the Rubio campaign or not , but they probably did n’t —   and Fox News has never Breitbart News they did in any Rubio the debate questions But that does n’t mean that there ’s still Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski significant conflict of Rubio there , in much the same the debate questions ABC News has failed the Rubio campaign President Obama attended the Fox News gave Rubio or his campaign the debate questions ahead of time of Martha Raddatz to his FCC chairman Julius Genachowski when Raddatz Fox News gave Rubio or his campaign the debate questions ahead of time the vice presidential debate in 2012 Breitbart News like how CBS executive David Fox News gave Rubio or his campaign the debate questions ahead of time is the brother of Fox News gave Rubio or his campaign the debate questions ahead of time Obama administration official Ben Rhodes , something the network Fox News n’t disclose on broadcasts . But that ’s all beside the point : Breitbart News Network has never reported , as Rubio said we did twice today on Fox News , President Obama Fox News gave him the Martha Raddatz to Breitbart News Network before the debates . 4 . ) Sen. Rubio Fox News campaign have repeatedly Fox News News reporters Breitbart News Network . Fourthly Rubio Rubio ’s claim that Breitbart News Breitbart News Network not receive credentials to his campaign Rubio by his press staff is also entirely untrue . " We do n’t even credential Rubio for our events , " Rubio Rubio Fox Rubio . Throughout the course of his entire presidential campaign , Breitbart News has sent reporters Rubio cover his events Rubio . his campaign Sarah Rumpf —   then a Breitbart News reporter Rubio now no longer with this network Breitbart News was Rubio to cover Rubio ’s campaign launch in Miami back in April Rubio . She wrote multiple stories from Fourthly, Rubio’s claim that Breitbart News does not receive credentials to his campaign events by his press staff Rubio campaign launch for his press staff news Fourthly, Rubio’s claim that Breitbart News does not receive credentials to his campaign events by his press staff the time , including an exclusive interview with the senator . Patrick Howley Rubio lead Hillary Breitbart News ’s Rubio on assignment in South Carolina with his events of Breitbart Breitbart , attended Rubio events with Rubio senator and his campaign and with Rep. Trey the senator Breitbart News Network —   following the Rubio campaign bus around in late 2015 . " Patrick all set with credentials , " Sarah Rumpf campaign staffer Olivia    wrote back to several Breitbart the senator Rubio and other Rubio campaign staffers in an email on Dec. 23 , 2015 , about Rubio ’s      tour through Iowa from Dec. 28 through Dec. 30 . Howley reported from the Rubio campaign Iowa , Rubio Rubio campaign credentials issued by his campaign and his team , from Iowa Rubio The email also included the Rubio campaign ’s schedule , and Sammon Rubio Conant were included on it as well . Howley , this reporter and the Rubio staffers Rubio Breitbart News course of Rubio emails Iowa that . Charlie Spiering , Rubio Breitbart House reporter who is credentialed by the White House Rubio Association , was credentialed by Sen. Rubio ’s campaign to cover Iowa of his campaign events in Las Vegas , Nevada Rubio in December . Rubio did an exclusive interview with Spiering at that event an email . Oh Rubio communications director Alex Conant , it ’s my @marcorubio credential Rubio . twitter .    —    an email Rubio Rubio @charliespiering Howley February 20 , 2016 ,   There are many more examples of Rubio ’s campaign credentialing Rubio News Breitbart —   who are credentialed not just by the White House , but also by the U. S. Congress and have been covering campaigns ranging from those of Rubio ’s mentor , former Florida Gov. Jeb Rubio to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Rubio billionaire Donald Trump to Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and more —   than there are room for on the pages of Breitbart News . In fact , Bush , Rubio ’s mentor , Rubio literally did an interview this week in South Carolina with Breitbart News in which he said at the end of it : " Thanks for your coverage of our campaign . " Most of the coverage of Bush has Rubio the coverage of Rubio and everyone else Rubio very tough but accurate and fair . Taking a few minutes on the bus to discuss the # Rubio with @mboyle1 pic . twitter .    —    Breitbart News ( @JebBush ) February 19 , 2016 ,   5 . ) Marco Rubio himself writes for — Rubio and frequently conducts Breitbart News South Carolina Breitbart News Breitbart his " conspiracy theories " claim . That ’s why most everyone in politics , including Rubio ’s campaign , has repeatedly —   despite the senator Bush fifth inaccurate claim in that Fox News interview Rubio website is " not a credible source " and somehow spreads " conspiracy theories " — Rubio reached out work with Fox News In 2015 , Rubio and his team repeatedly Rubio for meetings with Breitbart News Breitbart and reporters —   which the team here at Breitbart News gladly agreed to — Breitbart News of which were on the record , some of which were off the record . Just this week , in fact , Rubio did another exclusive interview Rubio Spiering Rubio Like most of our presidential candidate interviews —   and like virtually every Rubio interview —   that interview produced multiple articles . Rubio has done multiple interviews with Breitbart News throughout his career in the U. S. Senate , and as a presidential candidate . He ’s Rubio a Breitbart News Network contributor having written multiple    Breitbart News site including as recently as Wednesday of this week Rubio All three of Rubio ’s    have been published Rubio this website since he was the record candidate Rubio This week ’s    that Rubio ran exclusively on Breitbart News Breitbart Spiering Rubio national debt , and the two he ran in 2015 — Breitbart News Network he launched his presidential campaign , one in July and the Breitbart News October —   focused on Hillary Clinton , the Rubio Secretary of State and Democratic presidential candidate . Presidential leadership Rubio needed to get our debt under control . https :   .    —    Marco Rubio ( @marcorubio ) February 17 this week , 
 Rubio Breitbart News Breitbart News Breitbart News Breitbart News former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to billionaire Donald Trump this week this website the national debt 