TEL AVIV   —    " Obama is history . We have Trump , " Israel ’s Culture and Sports Minister Miri Regev said on Tuesday , adding that President Barack Obama never supported Israel . [ Regev also told Israel ’s Channel 2 that the    resolution at the UN Security Council , which the U. S. failed to veto , proved the international body was always    and   .   " Who is President Barack Obama ? " Regev asked rhetorically . " President Barack Obama is history . We have Trump . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s office , meanwhile , said that Israel will not be President Barack Obama ’s " punching bag . " " We ’re not just going to be a punching bag and go quietly into the night as the President Barack Obama administration helps push such a grave resolution , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s spokesman David Keyes said . The vote , which passed    prompted Netanyahu Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s summon 12 ambassadors from countries that supported the resolution . He Netanyahu’s spokesman David Keyes summoned U. S. ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro to explain the decision to abstain from the vote . Regev and other Israeli officials have expressed their Regev and other Israeli officials of the incoming Trump administration because Obama is widely seen here as having betrayed Israel Israel the resolution , which also defines the Old City of Jerusalem and the Western Wall   —    Judaism ’s holiest site   —    as " occupied Palestinian territory . " " No organization in the world can point to a failing in the connection between the land and the Jewish people , " Regev said . Earlier in the day Regev Regev an unveiling ceremony for an ancient street dating back to King David ’s Jerusalem . " No resolution in any international forum is as strong as the steadfast stones on this street . No other people in the the world such a connection and link to its land No other people in the world neither in Senegal , New Zealand , Ukraine nor Malaysia , " she said Regev her speech Regev " Fifty years ago , we turned hope into reality : Jerusalem , the capital of Israel , was once again united , and we will we agree to its being Jerusalem a second time , " Regev said , in reference to the Israel ’s conquest of the Old City in the 1967 defensive war . Regev condemned Regev more resolutions passed by the UN ’s culture agency in October that ignored Jewish ties to Jerusalem . " Several weeks ago UNESCO declared that there is no such link , " Regev said Regev " The ridiculous vote in Paris can not cancel thousands of years of history . Today we respond to this distortion of history and say in a loud and clear voice : Jews lived in Jerusalem and Jerusalem continue to live in Jerusalem . Jerusalem built Jerusalem and Jerusalem continue to build Jerusalem . Jerusalem it was 2 , 000 years ago , thus it is it and thus it will it forever . " 
 