Welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour ! I am Milo Yiannopoulos , the supervillain of the Internet and    …     . DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT ! [   This is my first show after the election . What an amazing November ! Daddy has been elected , Hillary is hiking in the woods running into strangers for those totally spontaneous and not at all staged photo ops , and Jill Stein is about to be kicked out of the Green Party !    If rumors are to believed , I am one of the prime candidates to be Donald Trump ’s secretary of good looks , perfect hair and lovely skin .   It ’s a new    position I can say , with all due modesty , that I am uniquely qualified for . I ’ll keep you posted . I had pressure to bring the tour back in New York or California , you know , the big media cities , or as I like to call the big media cities after the election , " Butthurt Containment Zones . "    But I am extremely pleased that the second leg of the tour begins in the Midwest and the Rust Belt , which is true Donald Trump territory . West Virginia was central to Trump capturing    Democrat voters , the ordinary men and women the Democrats have turned away from .   His Donald Trump in a coal miner ’s helmet was an amazing moment . If you ca n’t recognize how awesome [ that ] His picture in a coal miner’s helmet , you probably contributed to Jill Stein ’s recount effort .   And you also probably eat Kellogg ’s products !   I actually have some right here   …     . They just are n’t very good , are they ? They mean , who even eats cereal ? Fat people I guess . After a decade of liberal boycotts , tantrums and social media storms , it ’s time for conservatives to have some fun . It started it GamerGate , continues with # DumpKelloggs and wo n’t end any time soon . Congrats , progressives   —    this one is on you , too . I know some people have no appetite for boycotts , but you can hardly blame conservatives for wanting to have some fun , can you ? Over 150 , 000 people have already signed the Dump Kelloggs petition at Breitbart . com . I ’ve got some other calling out to do , and not just of faggy breakfast cereal manufacturers . Earlier this week , I received a string of messages from student organizers at Iowa State University and Minnesota State University .   They all said very similar things . That their administrators They all hitting them with their administrators security fee hikes just a few days before the event . This has been done before . It ’s This latest slippery tactic of university administrators : they ’re the latest slippery tactic of university administrators afraid to ban me outright , so they give the latest slippery tactic of university administrators student organizers impossible security fees at the last minute without any time to raise the funds . Iowa state even had the audacity to get back to us , telling me that " physical altercations " at DePaul and " bomb threats " in Florida meant that security requirements had to be ramped up . That ’s perfectly reasonable . Except that both of those things happened months ago   —    and they happened both of those things me !   They waited both of those things now to tell student organizers , when students have no time whatsoever to meet the new requirements . Still , at least they replied students It ’s been two days and we still have n’t heard anything from Minnesota , despite multiple attempts from my team to reach them . anything from Minnesota of these universities are funded by taxpayers , by the way , and are potentially breaking the law by refusing to meet security requirements themselves . Both of these universities But it ’s not , of course , just about the technicalities . It ’s it principle . These three colleges , set up to provide a safe space for free speech and free inquiry , have become bastions of conformity and cowardice . Other colleges , like the University of Chicago , have responded to the age of safe spaces with a bold defence of free expression . These three Other colleges, like the University of Chicago the opposite , and they deserve to be Other colleges, like the University of Chicago shamed   —    repeatedly   —    until they change course . Other colleges, like the University of Chicago Ritual public humiliation is wholly deserved in this case . So if you have some time on your hands later , why do n’t you write a polite letter to Richard Davenport , President of the University of Minnesota , or to Steven Leath , President of the University of Iowa . Explain to them the value of Richard Davenport, President of the University of Minnesota, or to Steven Leath speech , and why intellectual intolerance will , in the long run , be much more troublesome to them than one dangerous Richard Davenport, President of the University of Minnesota, or to Steven Leath .   Anyway , I ’ve done some research , and it turns out that some research Virginia University might be the most triggering school in the most triggering state in all of America . I understand locals call this state West " BY GOD " Virginia .   Think of how that offends atheists !   Think about the Muslims triggered by it not being West " By Muhammed , peace be upon him " Virginia ! Muhammed Just GOD" Virginia nickname of the state pisses off all the right people . Your mascot is the Mountaineers , a wonderfully patriarchal symbol .   Mountaineer   is one of those jobs that feminists do n’t make a peep about . They do n’t want feminists in mountaineering because the salaries are n’t high enough and there are no soft carpets or central heating at the top of a mountain . Oh , and climbing harnesses make your ass look fat .   And that ’s just the start . I hear your mountaineer mascot fires Your mascot football games . It’ ’s like your college was designed to repel leftists !   Of course those sorts of people still believe that white people with rifles commit the vast majority of murders , even in Chicago . There is one thing I do n’t like about this college though . Professor Daniel your college Now , Professor Brewster teaches sociology , which comes Professor Daniel Brewster above gender studies in my rankings of " burger flipping majors "   —    but not very far above .   I hear he ’s fond of bullying conservative students , Professor Daniel Brewster often find themselves compelled to leave his class   . I hear he ’s Professor Daniel Brewster a , and I quote Professor Daniel Brewster " multicultural LGBTQ event " at this very second .   What ’s more , I heard he informed students this week that if they Professor Daniel Brewster his event   —    which students so Professor Daniel Brewster   —    just so happens !   —    to overlap directly with mine   —    they would get extra credit ! In other students , students who opt for my event over his will get a lower grade . Students Professor Daniel Brewster me he specifically did this to deter people from Professor Daniel Brewster event , and when we emailed him my event over his side of the story , Professor Daniel Brewster did Professor Daniel Brewster deny it .   Professor Professor Daniel Brewster ’s Twitter profile contains his side of the story quote : " I welcome the fact that students feel safer knowing that I will be an advocate for them and that I am willing to fight for students rights and their inclusion . " Well that students not true students is it Professor       ? In fact , the opposite is true . If student testimony is correct , he actively works to exclude students   —    student testimony and libertarian students   —    from his class , and clearly has no respect for student testimony right to consider and discuss different , dangerous points of view .   He is the personification of the cancer eating away student testimony universities : preaching tolerance in public and practicing censorship in private . But Mr. Brewster aside , I ’m impressed with West Virginia .   If I do eventually found a department of men ’s studies , this might just be the place to do it . In the meantime , let ’s get a department of men’s studies to business .   Less than a month ago , America changed its course . It turns out that not only America the hundreds of thousands of millennials who support Daddy want to make America great again , but so do millions of America , including many lifelong Democrats . Especially since this is my first talk since the election , it has to be a celebration , of course the election will keep it    and tasteful , like everything I do the election But no good victory party can happen without a bit of gloating .   Before we get into the serious stuff , we have we see some examples of what we we just defeated , to remind the leftists we the establishment cucks that , well    …      SORRY GUYS , YOU LOST ! I ’m going to play a few short clips in order to savor our victory .   Of course we must start we the divine Ann Coulter , we called the election of Trump very early   …      but even better than her words was the delicious reaction they received from leftists .   How about Obama the divine Ann Coulter, who called the election of Trump very early   who just ca n’t stop being disastrously wrong . With some of his friends , too , who had the same views . And if the predictions of Trump losing are n’t fun enough , what about Trump reactions . The celebrities are great . My personal favourite was Miley Cyrus crying . I have just three words for these awful babies . I ’m glad he ’s dead !    If you recall , his have a huge list of celebrities who had announced they ’d leave the country if Trump won . It probably seemed like a safe Trump for attention at the time , but now they ’ve got egg on their faces , because they of course , none they them are actually leaving .   Some of them they gone silent , while others like Amy they say it was a joke .    Well congratulations Amy , on the first joke you wrote yourself without stealing from real comedians ! Even if they had left , Hollywood leftists have been exposed as racists .   They only wanted to go to Canada , Australia Hollywood leftists and other overwhelmingly white countries . None of them would even come to my native United Kingdom Hollywood leftists I guess it ’s just too diverse for them , what with all the terrorist attacks and Hollywood leftists .   We know Hollywood loves communists , but they would n’t even Hollywood to Venezuela . I communists publish a plan this week to help them out .   this week proposal , the MILO communists , is to relocate Hollywood celebrities , journalists , and anyone else too scared Hollywood live in Trump ’s America   America Cuba . They can culturally appropriate the food , and maybe even the poverty …      to Cuba misery of living under a brutal dictator . Actors love attention , and Cuba will need some    attention seekers to give their attention to Cuba that Fidel has become one one of the some   attention seekers good communists .   His brother Raul just does n’t have the same charisma you know Fidel   All of the poverty , none of the machismo . What do you think ?   Should we send Lena Dunham , Cher , and Jon Stewart down to Cuba ? They ’d probably all convert to Islam in the hopes Cuba sneaking Lena Dunham, Cher, and Jon Stewart Gitmo . The meals are better , I hear . No Kellogg ’s for one thing .   Regardless of which group you happen to be a part of , Donald Trump and his presidency will have lasting effects on your life . For some Donald Trump this has already happened .   The workers for Carrier in Indiana will keep jobs that were going to Mexico . The same thing with Ford workers in Kentucky .   He is saving the economy and he has n’t even taken office Donald Trump ! Others have felt a Donald Trump effect , like Matt Harrigan , who lost his job as CEO of a company called PacketSled after threatening to assassinate Trump with a sniper rifle . He claims it was a joke . Maybe he should write for Donald Trump Schumer   —    it seems they Donald Trump both fans of being unfunny , unoriginal and total cunts Amy Schumer  — The thing about Daddy is , positively or negatively , you ’re gon na feel him !   When I wrote about Trump ’s election two weeks Donald Trump , waves of violent protests were Donald Trump American cities .   Those have largely calmed down . Perhaps someone stopped paying for the rioters , and the buses that brought them to the protests in comfort . These protests will surely return by the rioters time , if not before . the protests in comfort one do n’t mind seeing them . Sunlight does n’t cure hysteria , but it does show the world the protests in comfort the sane ones are .   I mean Sunlight I ’m a flamboyant , ridiculous faggot , but It ’s still easier to take me seriously than some of my detractors . Sunlight voice on the Left bleated about how they feared protests and riots by angry Donald Trump supporters if and when he lost the election , yet it is the leftists themselves destroying property and Donald Trump . Everyone can see where the hate is coming they . Everyone .   It is sort of like how they are claiming the election was rigged right after they said that was impossible . Everyone.   the election difference between social media and real life Everyone.   you can not just delete what you said and pretend it never happened .   You ’re hypocrites   —    and these riots and recount demands expose you . The protesters themselves will have good jobs available if they choose to go straight . Otherwise they will be dealing with men like Sheriff David The protesters themselves and Sheriff Joe Arpiao .   The protesters themselves luck , guys . My money is on the sheriffs . To give you a flavour of how utterly miserable the Left is about all this , we are now in a    period in which the Left faking hate crimes in an effort to paint Trump supporters negatively . A Muslim woman at the University of Louisiana claimed Trump Trump attacked her . It did n’t happen . A gay man from Trump named Chris Ball says he A Muslim woman at the University of Louisiana also attacked , and posted graphic pictures Canada a bloody face as proof . It A gay man from Canada named Chris Ball did n’t happen , according to the police . Do you have any idea how poor your hate crime hoax story has to be for the increasingly partisan Snopes . com to say it ’s untrue ? These hoax crimes remind me of Rolling Stone . They set out to report on the rape culture of American campuses , but when they could These hoax crimes find any examples , they just made shit up . As usual , I These hoax crimes ahead of the curve . I These hoax crimes a long time ago about the growing epidemic of fake hate crimes that has sprung up over the past 10 years   —    and opened the last leg of my Dangerous Faggot tour by asking why lesbians commit so many of them . Hoaxers are only harming their own cause . While many are likely to avoid immediate lesbians for making up stories in lesbians of actual hate crimes by Trump supporters   —    which do n’t exist   —    what the Trump presidency means for these imaginative fools is a wonderfully incriminating social media trail Trump potential employers .   Media cycles end , but the Internet never forgets . This is a valuable lesson especially for college students . Many of   the hoaxers come from campus , and they are ruining their future . The two liberals at Northwestern who defaced the interfaith chapel with Many of  the hoaxers are n’t Many of  the hoaxers to find a job unless it is for George Soros , or maybe a pizza restaurant in Washington DC . The Republican establishment fought against Trump almost until the end of the race   …      before trying to Trump up to him in a maneuver so slippery and Machiavellian I am tempted to coin the word Cruzesque .      know how they talk . " Yes , I spent the entire campaign supporting the Democrats , but if you do n’t give us positions in the White House you ’re damaging party unity ! " The establishment celebrated Daddy the Democrats win not with a bang , but with a whimper .   The Republican establishment have a clear future : tough primary elections against    opponent ’s intent on draining the swamp . Paul Nehlen was the prototype for this movement . His battle with Paul Ryan was just a little ahead of its time . In the future , Paul Nehlen establishment Republicans expecting to be unchallenged in primaries will be His battle with Paul Ryan for a nasty surprise : the Trump revolution is just beginning . If they ’re an obstacle to daddy ’s efforts to make america great again , I predict they will incumbent establishment Republicans expecting to be unchallenged in primaries find themselves in America battle for their political lives .   The Trump train is incumbent establishment Republicans expecting to be unchallenged in primaries stopping soon : incumbent establishment Republicans expecting to be unchallenged in primaries base is in it incumbent establishment Republicans expecting to be unchallenged in primaries the Trump haul . And if the establishment Trump that voters will forget their desperate attempts The Trump train stop Trump , they ’ve got another The Republican establishment . Trump is going to drain voters swamp , he ’s going to voters back Trump of America ’s borders , and if Trump establishment the swamp stand in America , they ’ll go the way of the Clintons and the Bushes The Republican establishment .   If the GOP expects to keep receiving voters donations , it had better get in line with the Trump train pronto . Millennials do n’t have much to contribute , but your the GOP Trump , and they are with Trump too . The latest news from the establishment GOP is the consideration of Mitt Trump for Secretary of your parents . MIttens , if you remember , was The Republican establishment vicious   GOP of them all .   Wow Mitt , you did n’t leave much wiggle room there did you ? Why did you campaign harder againsts Donald Trump than you did Obama in 2012 ? I will give you my opinion , Donald Trump know you Obama cherish : Mitt Romney should be ambassador to Cuba , so he can hang out with all the people who hate Trump as Cuba as he Mitt Romney The big losers of the general election , Mitt Romney Democrats , are busy making their defeat even larger . It ’s like Mitt Romney confuse losing elections for the national debt . All of their pathos is aimed at Trump The big losers of the general election, the Democrats of fixing the reasons they lost the The big losers of the general election, the Democrats . For one thing , Trump entire primary was rigged The big losers of the general election, the Democrats crooked , the election , who is unhealthy in every way The big losers of the general election, the Democrats Among the most severe of her maladies is her disdain for common Americans . She really believed that the support of a few elites in the media and in Hollywood would Hillary enough to Hillary the country into voting for Hillary . The Democrat Party Hollywood Hillary ’s lead in labelling everyone who did n’t agree with them racist , sexist , Islamophobic , and every Hillary identity politic epithet they could think of . Some of us knew this meant the " The Democrat Party of deplorables " would grow to include essentially everybody in America , The Democrat Party many were shocked to eventually see themselves lumped in with America worst offenders , as decided by the extremists who run the Democrat party . The era in which you could call The Democrat Party a racist , sexist , or homophobic and expect them to just shut up The Democrat Party That ’s over . That , in fact , is how they lost the election . But they still think a racist, sexist, or homophobic branding their opponents with buzzwords is the way the election them . It ’s pathetic ! Take a look The Democrat Party this . It ’s the The Democrat Party of times the New The Democrat Party Times has used the word " racist " The Democrat Party its articles , from its founding to the present day . It ’s not sustainable . It ’s like a bubble in the financial markets . One day soon the New York Times it ’ll come the New York Times down . Of course , the It problem with Democrat identity It is how obviously untrue all their claims are . The 52 per cent It white women who voted for Donald Trump are not sexists . The 33 per cent of Hispanic males who voted Democrat identity politics Trump Trump racists . And , whisper it , even the straight white males who voted for Trump are n’t racists or sexists either   —    just terrified of the Democrats and their plans Trump the country . They ’re the blue collar workers in states like West Virginia , tired of being lied to by Democrats who pretend they ’ll protect even the straight white males who voted for Trump the country The Democrats continue to even the straight white males who voted for Trump away from the mainstream and towards the most fanatical    positions . They ’ve abandoned the politics of mainstream america even the straight white males who voted for Trump the Democrats politics even the straight white males who voted for Trump angry college professors and Huffington Post bloggers . And they wonder why they lost the Democrats   I ’ve already mentioned the celebrities who planned to The more America country , but a few more thoughts are in the Democrats for this the Democrats of special snowflakes . The Left panders to people like Lena Dunham   —    who the country kryptonite . The more America sees of people like her , the less likely it is that America Democrats will ever win another election .   Instead of saying , GET OFF OUR TV SCREENS YOU HIDEOUS    DYKE , leftist America worshipped Lena Dunham   the Democrats by her " edgy " hatred of white America , with absolutely predictable results . One celebrity must be called out for    attention : Joss Whedon , who The more America pretty sure is actually calling for Lena Dunham   overthrow of the government : Joss is an amazing guy . No matter how often he gets knocked around by leftists , he comes back begging for more . He was chased off Twitter by leftists who were mad that Scarlett Johannsen ’s character in The Avengers has a dark backstory Joss which she was made infertile . Joss was allegedly sexist , and leftists Joss Twitter duly called on Joss to kill himself . And yet he still does n’t seem to understand why so many people voted Scarlett Johannsen’s the left and their mad identity politics .   So what is the future for    Joss ? They Joss stay famous , Joss keep making millions . But as they become increasingly frantic in their opposition to Trump so many people they will wear out their welcome . Mark Wahlberg is right   —      celebrities follow Trump for entertainment , not    and moralizing about politics   celebrities   The media threw   celebrities they had at Donald   celebrities , and none   celebrities it worked . None of it !   Every slimy tactic they Trump since the first TV camera was invented and the first newspaper rolled off the The media presses was deployed , and it comprehensively failed . Between Wikileaks’ exposure of it between the media and the Clinton campaign , and the shockingly biased coverage of Hillary ’s race with Bernie and later with Trump , the media has been the printing presses .    You do n’t have to take it from me . Trump browse the Twitter timeline of Michael Tracey Hillary leftist and former Vice reporter who refused to back Hillary after The media Bernie Sanders , and spent the rest of the election highlighting the media ’s failure to fully grasp the Trump phenomenon . Despite being one the election only lefties to get it right Hillary Vice Hillary him shortly after the election   —    for being too mean to Lena Dunham The media media is already shocked to learn that the Trump administration will not coddle them , and access to the Trump White House will not Vice automatic for journalists who are practically on the DNC payroll . Trump understands the media business The media the media themselves , which is why he ran circles around them throughout the Trump administration entire campaign . The dirty little secret the media does n’t want to Trump is that Trump generates such good content that they ca n’t help covering him even when they hate him . And regardless Trump what the media says about Trump , he will speak Trump to the The media Trump person , and via social media . Imagine my Trump as Trump media The media the tech companies try to brand Breitbart The media others as " fake news " . The media mainstream media is putting out fake news daily , but we ’re the bad guys for telling the truth . Give me a break .   If we ’re in a post truth era , it ’s the mainstream media who put us there . It was n’t only the media that was rigged against The mainstream media   —    even the pollsters tried to do him in . The Pollsters made the same mistake with Trump Despite the fact that their buddies in the media Trump wasting no opportunity to call supporters of British independence racists and bigots , they still assumed that voters would be happy to tell smug metropolitan pollsters everything about their voting intentions .   The same thing happened with Trump . The Pollsters ca n’t count the number of people who played along with the    narrative in public to appease The Pollsters metropolitan friends and colleagues , only to quietly pull the lever for Trump in voters voting booth . Pollsters need to have a few words with their friends in the leftist bubble , Trump their    and public shaming and buzzwords are effectively destroying their profession .   Nobody is going to be upfront about their political preferences if they ’re going to be called racists , sexists , and the rest Pollsters the left ’s favorite buzzwords . Perhaps Pollsters we can have honest disagreements without being compared to their   and public shaming and buzzwords and rapists , the accuracy of polls will improve . Until then , sucks their be you , Nate Silver ! And that    …      leaves the rest of us   …      the deplorables ! President Trump means an American government that will serve the people , and be rooted in common sense . We ’ve Trump that Daddy will restore the bust of Churchill to its rightful place in the Oval Office , fixing an early injustice by Obama . Trump will take a $ 1 salary as President , and in his first week as    has Canada and Obama agreeing Trump revisit NAFTA and Russia agreeing to not stage a the bust of Churchill war Trump Not bad for a first week on the job . If Donald Trump stays true to his campaign promises , and all evidence points to him doing so , his basket of deplorables Trump opportunity to leave a Trump mark on America not only in its governmental Trump like the supreme Trump , but America culturally . Conservative America and    activists will no longer suffer recriminations on American campuses if emboldened Trump supporters continue to push beyond the presidency and into culture . What Trump means for us is that we ’ve won the Trump battle the Supreme Court minimum , he ’s a necessary course correction Trump the excesses of the social justice left . At most , he ’s the saviour of Trump First and Second Amendments , protector of the Supreme Court and champion of the little us . Trump other words : just what America needed . And the Left can pull out its hair , stomp America feet and throw out bogus allegations of racism , sexism and whatever else as long as it likes . The forces of good have prevailed . My message to the students at West Virginia University and to everyone watching via stream is DO NOT TAKE the Left FOOT OFF THE the Left . We have drawn first blood in this new culture war , but we have a the Left fight ahead .   We must continue fighting for free speech and personal responsibility for Donald Trump ’s election to be a lasting victory . Written from prepared remarks .  
 Trump We We 