Annoyed at federal judge Gonzalo P. Curiel ’s persistent rulings against Gonzalo P. Curiel’s in the Trump University case ( brought by a law firm that has paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for speeches by Bill and Hillary ) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said that maybe it ’s because federal judge is a    Mexican immigrant . [ The entire media   —    and most of the GOP   —    have spent 10 months telling us that Mexicans in the United States are going to HATE Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump build a wall . Now they Mexicans in the United States outraged that Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump one Mexican hates him Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying saying he’ll build a wall   Curiel has distributed scholarships to illegal aliens . He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to an organization that sends lawyers to the border to ensure that no illegal aliens’ " human rights " are violated . The name of the organization ? The San Diego an organization that sends lawyers to the border to ensure that no illegal aliens’ "human rights" are violated Lawyers Association   —    " La Raza " meaning THE RACE . Let ’s pause to imagine the nomination hearings The San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association  —   "La Raza" meaning THE RACE a white male who belonged to any organization for white people   —    much less one with the words " THE RACE " in its title . The media were going white people   call Trump a racist whatever he did , and his attack on Trump Hispanic judge is Trump better than when they said it was racist for Republicans The media talk about Obama ’s golfing . Has anyone ever complained about the ethnicity of white judges or white juries ? I ’ve done some research and it turns out    …      THAT some research ALL WE’VE HEARD FOR THE PAST 40 YEARS . The New York Times alone has published hundreds of articles , editorials ,    movie reviews , sports articles and crossword puzzles darkly invoking " white judges " and " " juries , as if that is ipso facto proof of racist justice . Two weeks ago   —    that ’s not an error I did n’t mean to type " decades " and it came out " weeks "   —    the Times published an    by a The New York Times alone judge stating : "   juries risk undermining the perception of justice in minority communities , even if a    jury would have reached the same verdict or imposed the same sentence . " In other words , even when provably not unfair , white jurors create the " perception " of unfairness solely by virtue of the color of their skin . Innocence Project    Barry Scheck white jurors entire career of springing criminals would be gone if it were generally accepted that we ca n’t question judges or juries based on race or ethnicity . Writing about the release of Glenn Ford , a black man convicted of robbing a jewelry store and murdering the owner , Scheck claimed that one of the most important Barry Scheck’s in Ford ’s death sentence was the "   jury . " On the other hand , the evidence against Ford included : His two black friends telling Ford he ’d Ford them jewelry the day of Ford murder , His two black friends Ford acquaintance swearing he ’d had a . Ford in his Ford   —    the murder weapon Ford a . 38   —    and the gunshot residue on Ford ’s hand . His conviction was overturned Ford later , on the theory that his black friends had committed the murder , then His him . So we know 1 ) the " His killers " were also black and 2 ) any jury would have convicted Ford on that evidence . Here ’s how the Ford described Ford ’s trial : " A black man convicted Ford by an    jury in Louisiana in 1984 and sentenced to die , tapped into an equally old and painful vein of race . " I have approximately 1 million more examples of the media going mental about a " white judge " or "   jury , " and guess what ? In none of them were any of the white people involved members of approximately 1 million more examples of the media going mental about a "white judge" or "  jury dedicated to promoting white people , called " THE RACE . " Say , does anyone remember if it ever came up that the Ferguson police force was all white ? Someone check that . I do n’t want to upset you New York Times editorial board , but perhaps we should revisit the results of the Nuremberg trials . Those were presided over by   —    TRIGGER WARNING !   —    " all white " juries . ( How do we really know if Hermann Göring was guilty without hearing women ’s and Latino voices ? ) The model of a fair jury was the O. J. trial . Nine blacks , one Hispanic and two whites , who had made up their minds before the lawyers’ opening statements . ( For Nine blacks, one Hispanic and two whites, who had made up their minds before the lawyers’ opening statements younger readers : O. J. was guilty the jury acquitted him after 20 seconds of deliberation . ) At the O. J. of the trial , one juror gave O. J. the black the O. J. trial . Nothing to see here O. J. was Mark Fuhrman ’s fault ! In defiance of everyday experience , known facts and common sense , we are all required to publicly endorse the left ’s religious belief that whites are always racist , but women and minorities are incapable of any form of bias . If you say otherwise , well , that ’s " textbook racism , " according to Paul Ryan . At least when we ’re talking about American blacks , there ’s a history of white racism , so the double standard is not so enraging . What did we ever do to Mexicans ? Note to Hispanics , Muslims , we , immigrants and gays : You ’re not black . Other than a few    no one denounced    Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor for her " wise Latina " speech , in which she said " Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor gender and national origins may and will make Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor difference in our judging . " But Trump is a " racist " for saying the same thing . Six months ago , a Times editorial demanded that the Republican Senate confirm Obama judicial nominee Luis Felipe Restrepo , on the grounds that " [ a]s a Hispanic , " Restrepo would bring " ethnic    …      diversity to the court . " You see how confusing this is . On one hand , it ’s vital that we have more women and Latinos on the this because white men ca n’t be trusted to be fair . But to suggest that women and Latinos could ever be unfair in the way that white men can , well , that ’s " racist . " The effrontery of this double standard is so blinding , that the only way liberals can bluff their way through it is with indignation . DO I HEAR YOU liberals ? ARE YOU SAYING A JUDGE ’S ETHNICITY COULD INFLUENCE HIS DECISIONS ? ( Please , please , please do n’t bring A JUDGE’S everything we ’ve said about white judges and juries for the past four decades . ) They ’re betting they can intimidate Republicans   —    and boy , are they They ! The entire Republican Brain Trust has joined the media They their denunciations of Trump for his crazy idea that anyone other than white men can be biased Trump That ’s right , Wolf , I do n’t have any common sense . Would it help if the GOP donated to Hillary ? The NeverTrump crowd is going to get a real workout if they plan to do this every week between now and the election The NeverTrump crowd What do Republicans they think they ’re getting out of this appeasement ? Proving to Republicans that Republicans Republicans are pathetic , impotent media    is , surprisingly , not hurting Trump . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 