Frank Gaffney , president of the Center for Security Policy , spoke to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow regarding the upcoming Hillary    Trump     Forum hosted by Matt Lauer on Wednesday evening . [ " The most searing indictment of Hillary , I believe , is Hillary consistent support for , alignment with , and help to the Global Jihad , " said Gaffney in discussing lines of attack Trump might choose to pursue during the upcoming Hillary   Trump    Forum hosted by Matt Lauer on Wednesday evening .   Continued Gaffney Gaffney do n’t know how else to describe it —   whether it ’s it Hillary with the Iranian deal early on , or whether it ’s it Hillary for the overthrow of friendly governments in the Middle East . " Friendly " is a relative term , that they were sure more friendly than the Muslim Brotherhood , with which Hillary has aligned herself and Hillary , it seems to me , Hillary just about every turn . And I think this is a place where Donald Trump can showcase the strong and necessary differences between the kinds of policy approach that he ’s Donald Trump laying out in a series of really important addresses . The event will be broadcast on NBC and MSNBC , as Breitbart News reported : The     Forum is a      event and will be broadcast live on MSNBC and MSNBC NBC stations NBC at 8 p. m. Wednesday . Lauer , a former " notable member " of the Clinton Global Initiative —   a leadership arm of the highly controversial Clinton Foundation Clinton   will moderate the event , which is being put on by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America ( IAVA ) organization here in New York City . " During this    forum , both Hillary Clinton Clinton Trump will be on stage     taking questions on national security , military affairs and veterans issues from NBC News and an audience comprised mainly of military veterans and active service members , " MSNBC states . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 