Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher speculated Sunday night that Donald Trump ’s occasional sniffling during the second presidential debate stems from the fact that Donald Trump’s occasional sniffling during the second presidential debate is " absolutely " a cocaine user . [ The     actress was tweeting along with the debate Sunday night when a fan asked The    actress whether The    actress thought the Republican candidate was a " coke head . "    " @carriefisher tell me something about that sniffle   …     coke head or no ? " the Twitter user wrote to The    actress . " I ’m an expert   ABSOLUTELY , " Fisher replied . Fisher Fisher been open about her Fisher drug use during a period in the 1980s , including while she Fisher working on set during the filming of the original Star Wars sequel . " We did cocaine on the set of [ The ] Empire [ Strikes Back ] in the ice planet , " Fisher Fisher the Guardian in a 2010 interview . " I did n’t even like coke that much . It was just a case of getting on whatever train I needed to take to get high . " The actress ultimately gave up drugs when she The actress begun to realize she The actress " losing [ her The actress choice in the matter . " " If I ’d been addicted to booze I ’d be dead now , because you just go out and get it , " she The actress the paper . Fisher was one of many celebrities to weigh in during Sunday night ’s contest between Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton . The The actress criticized Trump , Trump one point calling him a Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton classless thug . " Donald trump Trump classless thug Trying 2 scare us in2 voting 4    entitled , elitist , racist    unkind      empathy pic . twitter .    —    Carrie Fisher ( @carrieffisher ) October 10 , 2016 ,   Is nt diplomacy part of the job of being president ? With trump as president it will no longer being the highest office in the land . Low blow 👃   —    Carrie Fisher ( Carrie Fisher (@carrieffisher) 2016 ,     Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 