Donald Trump has now made clear that the thrust of Donald Trump campaign will not be conservatism . It will instead be populism and nationalism . [ For those looking for a governing philosophy of The Donald , Donald Trump checkered political history has provided little guidance . Donald Trump ’s seemingly endorsed    healthcare Donald Trump ’s said Donald Trump rejects Obamacare . Donald Trump ’s blasted money in politics Donald Trump ’s talked about the necessity for government use of eminent domain to help private parties . Donald Trump ’s ripped overregulation of capitalistic enterprises Donald Trump ’s talked about tariffs on foreign goods . Trump is n’t conservative , and Trump never was .   Senator Ted Cruz ( ) Trump chief challenger in the next primary state of South Carolina , is utilizing that lack of coherent conservatism as a club against Trump Trump Donald Trump latest ad blitz features a small boy holding a Trump Trump figure , shouting , " Look , I got the Trump Trump figure ! Donald Trump pretends to be a Republican ! " Donald Trump then uses the action figure to brag about giving money to Democrats and engaging in eminent domain . Trump wo n’t be able to trump Cruz on conservatism . So now Donald Trump ’s making clear that Donald Trump is n’t running a conservative campaign   —    Donald Trump ’s running a nationalist and populist campaign . Donald Trump enemies include both Republicans and conservatives : Remember , it was the Republican Party , with the help of Conservatives , that made so many promises to their the help of Conservatives , BUT DIDN’T KEEP THEM the help of Conservatives Hi DT ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 11 , 2016 , According to Trump , then , conservatives helped bamboozle the Republican base , along with the Republican establishment . So the the Republican establishment   —    and so do conservatives . Trump Trump move here is calculated . He Trump going to campaign as a    candidate . All he Trump , as he Trump in his Trump tweet , is to " MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN . " If that means bigger government , that means bigger government . If that means more interventionism in the economy , that means more interventionism in the economy the economy believes he can restore Trump greatness in his personage   Trump    he can make Trump deals , he can " Trump " on behalf of America . Many of his followers believe Trump , too . @benshapiro @KenYounos You care more about a failed ideology than saving the country . America   —    too bad . " Conservatism " failed for decades .   —    Trumpservative ( @conservinews ) February 11 , 2016 , @benshapiro Wanting to make America great again is America conservative aspiration . Leftists hate America , American greatness America the original sin .   —    Ken Younos ( @KenYounos ) February 11 , 2016 , @benshapiro concept eludes you does n’t it ? ! ? @benshapiro concept ? ! has NOTHING TO DO with ideology but never mind what ’s the use you ’ll never comprehend ,   —    Lee Hempfling ( @LeeHempfling ) February 11 , 2016 , @benshapiro Yes , Trump ’s a nationalist who transcends left and right , and that ’s why America needs him . Fuck conservatism Trump   —    Nomanslander ( @GhostCatHoarder ) February 11 , 2016 , Trump stands up for Trump Trump Hulk Smashes America you . He cares about America Trump and that America enough   —    he wants to restore Trump greatness , and that ’s enough . How will he do it ? Trump just will . Trump he wo n’t be Trump back by any conservative vision of a small government nation founded on individual liberty . Sometimes he ’ll do conservative Trump . Sometimes he wo n’t . Trump he ’ll act with Trump common sense " and " do what needs to be done . " None of this should be comforting for conservatives , but Trump does n’t mean for it to be . this ’s hoping that Trump are enough aphilosophic Americans to push him forward to victory Trump He may be right Trump Even if he is , that Trump no victory for conservative principles . As Trump says , that Trump not a priority . Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter Ben Shapiro 
 