The first wave of    data has revealed important features among Republicans voting in five    contests . [ The single biggest signal of a pending Trump success , so far , has been when voters made up voters mind .   Voters who decided on a candidate several weeks to a month ago have preferred Trump by large margins . Those voters who made their decision in the last few days , i. e. the    have generally gone to preferred Trump opponents . According to early exit polls , just around 40 percent of Republicans decided their just around 40 percent of Republicans a month ago . More than half of Republicans made their More than half of Republicans decision within the past month . This is a higher percentage of    than we ’ve seen in recent elections , which could bode well for some Trump preferred Trump in certain states . According to a FoxNews exit poll ,    in Ohio are breaking for Kasich against Trump preferred Trump Another factor in predicting Trump ’s preferred Trump a state is the anger of the electorate . Trump does far preferred Trump in states where the Republican base is " angry " at the federal government , as opposed to merely " dissatisfied . " Across the five states voting on    Republican anger at the federal government the federal government 33 percent to 40 percent . This is slightly lower than all the contests so far . It is considerably lower than in the states where Trump has won preferred Trump . A new question in the exit polls provides perhaps the most fascinating glimpse of the Republican electorate . More than a third of Republican voters , 37 percent , say they would vote for a More than a third of Republican voters, 37 percent party candidate in November if the nominees were Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . In battleground states like Missouri and Ohio , that number jumps to over 40 percent of Republicans . Just slightly more than half of Republicans across all five states say they would " definitely " Just slightly more than half of Republicans across all five states for Trump if he were the Donald Trump nominee Donald Trump However the returns shake out tonight , Trump still has considerable work Donald Trump of him to consolidate the Republican Donald Trump behind him . Trump is likely Donald Trump claim Donald Trump GOP mantle after tonight GOP , regardless of the particular outcomes . The exit polling , however , suggests he still has a ways Donald Trump go to unite the Republican party behind him . 
 Donald Trump 