President Donald J. Trump ’s admiration for Andrew Jackson is well known . President Donald J. Trump hung President Donald J. Trump portrait in the Oval Office , and last spring criticized the Treasury Department ’s decision to take Andrew Jackson off the front of the $ 20 bill . And on Wednesday , Andrew Jackson 250th birthday , President Donald J. Trump visited the Hermitage , Jackson ’s Andrew Jackson in Nashville , where he President Donald J. Trump a wreath at his President Donald J. Trump and paid tribute to Old Hickory ’s populism . " It was during the Revolution that Jackson first Andrew Jackson and defied an arrogant elite , " Mr. President Donald J. Trump . " Does that sound familiar ? " Jackson ’s historical Andrew Jackson declined sharply in recent decades , especially among Democrats . The party that once celebrated him as a central Andrew Jackson has rushed to remove his name from symbolic Andrew Jackson of honor , distancing itself from his record The party that once celebrated him as a central pillar slavery Andrew Jackson the forced relocation of American Indian nations from the South . But Mr. Trump ’s visit , as it happens , came 50 years to the day after Lyndon B. Johnson laid a birthday wreath on Jackson ’s grave , one of a stream of presidential visitors including Theodore Roosevelt , Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan , each of whom used Jackson to bolster his Jackson vision . Jackson Jackson was a forceful Jackson who attracts presidents who believe in a forceful presidency , " the Princeton historian Sean Mr. Wilentz The roster of visitors , Mr. Wilentz added , showed that Jackson was once " Jackson in the progressive pantheon . " Heather Cox Richardson , a historian at Boston College who takes a less admiring view of Jackson than Mr. Wilentz Jackson said the list reflected the    nature of the populism that Jackson injected into American Jackson . " Jackson can be seen Jackson two very different ways , just Mr. Wilentz look at populism in two different ways , " she said . " Jackson like it , because we like the idea of people having power over government . And we do n’t like it , because it has within it an undercurrent of racism and violence . " Here ’s We look at how four presidents have invoked Jackson ’s complicated legacy We Roosevelt , a Republican and later it member of it Progressive Party , visited the mansion on Oct. 22 , 1907 , and reportedly coined the phrase " good to the last drop " after being served a cup of Maxwell House coffee there . It ’s not clear what Roosevelt said about Jackson that day , but in his 1913 autobiography he cited " Good King Andrew , " as he put it , and Lincoln as the progenitors of the modern Roosevelt of the Jackson as a strong leader who Roosevelt the nation Roosevelt agenda . ( Roosevelt also admired Alexander Hamilton Roosevelt another strong nationalist , for the similar reasons . ) " Roosevelt really Roosevelt the office , and the two people he cites from the 19th century Roosevelt Jackson and Lincoln , " said David Greenberg , a historian at Rutgers University . " Roosevelt was a slave owner , and his Indian policy was Roosevelt , but he definitely was a fighter for the people , against Mr. Greenberg . " Jackson ’s why Teddy Roosevelt admired him Jackson " Roosevelt , a Democrat , Jackson visited the mansion and the grave site on Nov. 17 , 1934 , with Eleanor Roosevelt , while they were on their way to their Jackson in Warm Springs , Ga. Mrs. Roosevelt also visited Alfred ’s Cabin , a former slave cabin that still stands on the property , and the couple went together Teddy Roosevelt University , an Roosevelt, a Democrat institution . Roosevelt, a Democrat citing Jackson Roosevelt, a Democrat Ms. Richardson said , Roosevelt Teddy Roosevelt of his racial record and what she called the " incredibly racist version of Manifest Destiny " Jackson promoted , but the idea that the government belong to the people , not the wealthy . " This was around the Teddy Roosevelt that Jackson had gone Teddy Roosevelt the $ 20 bill Ms. Richardson " Ms. Richardson noted . In 1940 , at the Teddy Roosevelt Jackson Day dinner , Roosevelt paid tribute to a " great man " : not " Jackson the Democrat , " he said , Teddy Roosevelt but Jackson the American , who did the big Ms. Richardson his day   —    to save the economic democracy of the Teddy Roosevelt for its westward expansion into a great nation , strengthened in the ideals and practice of Teddy Roosevelt Government . " ( Teddy Roosevelt ’s successor , Harry S. Truman , also visited Teddy Roosevelt Hermitage , but before his presidency , when he was the presiding judge of the Union Jackson County court in Missouri , which was preparing to erect a statue of Jackson . His errand ? Truman , a former haberdasher , apparently wanted to measure some of Jackson ’s clothes Roosevelt make sure the Roosevelt was the right size , according to information compiled by the Hermitage . ) Johnson and his wife , Lady Bird , Roosevelt breakfast at the Hermitage on March 15 , 1967 , the 200th anniversary of Jackson birth , after a a statue of Jackson of Appalachia . In a speech , he acknowledged Jackson ’s record as a slaveholder but paid tribute Johnson the " political transformation " he had brought the Hermitage democracy , bringing power to the people while emphasizing the Jackson the Union , a stance Johnson contrasted with the states’ rights ideology of another Jackson , Jackson John C. Calhoun . Johnson , a Democrat , also painted an inclusive picture Jackson Jackson ’s populism , linking it to his own Great Society agenda . " We are still striving to involve the poor , the deprived , the forgotten American , white and Negro , in the future of their society , " he said . " So the task Jackson set is still undone . an inclusive picture of Jackson’s populism Julian Jackson Zelizer , a historian at Princeton , noted that in an address to the Tennessee legislature later that day , Johnson changed tack , talking about the Vietnam War and the need for the Jackson of " rugged confidence " Jackson Jackson . " He used Jackson the Mr. Zelizer " Mr. Zelizer said . " He used it to send a tough signal Jackson victory was possible . " Reagan visited the Hermitage on March 15 , 1982 , Jackson ’s 215th birthday Jackson and also gave Jackson address Jackson the Tennessee legislature . The Jackson had just fallen into a deep recession , Ms. Jackson said , and Reagan made the case for taking on what he saw as a bloated government . " He ’s trying to Jackson his idea , which was n’t popular even when he was elected by running on it , that if you get rid of regulations , cut back unions and cut taxes , you ’re going to Reagan a magical return to the past , Reagan Ms. Richardson said . Reagan , a Reagan , also cited Jackson Reagan one in a line of western heroes , Reagan Ms. Richardson said was " not an accident . " " He is really deliberately trying to use Jackson to say , ‘ Everything I ’m trying to do as a movement conservative , I Ms. Richardson as someone Reagan is not in step with the Republican Party,’ " she said . " He ’s saying that being Ms. Richardson is really just going back to American tradition . He Jackson Jackson as an avenue to do Jackson . " Ms. Richardson added Mr. Trump ’s embrace of Jackson , a man many liberals ’m progressives now hate , was doing something similar , with even more powerful Ms. Richardson . " It Jackson a way of twisting the knife in people ’s guts , " she said . Jackson Jackson Ms. Richardson 