Comedian and former presidential candidate Roseanne Barr blasted " Jew hater " Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton " filthy Nazi " advisors on social media this week , arguing that if Hillary Clinton were to win the presidency in November , it would mean the " death of Israel . " [ In a series of Twitter posts , the     Roseanne star blasted Hillary Clinton for surrounding Hillary Clinton with " " advisers including Huma Abedin and Sidney Blumenthal .   " [ H]illary Clinton is surrounded by jew haters who make fun of the holocaust   jewish suffering yet H]illary Clinton mkultra supporters call Trump a bigot ! " Barr tweeted . Hillary Clinton is surrounded by jew haters who make fun of the holocaust   jewish suffering yet her Hillary Clinton supporters call Trump Trump bigot !   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 26 , 2016 ,   The comedian also suggested that a Clinton Hillary Clinton would mean " the death of Israel " and said the Democratic candidate would sell nuclear weapons to Hamas if the " price is right . " Hillary Hillary Clinton be the absolute death of    will sell # nukes2 Hamas Hamas if price is right .   She Hillary Clinton 2 SID PAUL AND MAX BLUMENTHAL !   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 24 , 2016 ,   Barr —   Roseanne Barr went after top Clinton aide Huma Abedin over her top Clinton aide Huma Abedin connection to the    Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs , for which she top Clinton aide Huma Abedin as an assistant editor for more than a decade . " Huma top Clinton aide Huma Abedin a Nazi   Hillary loves Nazis , " she top Clinton aide Huma Abedin in a post that appears to have since been deleted but was captured by the Jerusalem Post . The comedian later sarcastically apologized for calling Abedin a " filthy whore , " saying it was " politically incorrect " to do so . I should not have called Hillary Hillary aide Huma Weiner a filthy whore . I apologize for that .   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 27 , 2016 ,   I should not call any woman a ’filthy whore’ even if she any woman jew hating fascist lies . It ’s politically incorrect , and I do apologize4 it It   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 27 , 2016 ,   It It wrong of me2 call # HumaWeiner a ’filthy whore.’ It It politically incorrect   I no longer dare 2 exercise freedom of speech . # Democrat ,   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 27 , 2016 ,   Barr has been an outspoken supporter of Israel and a fierce critic of Hillary Clinton . The sitcom star has previously referred to Clinton Hillary Clinton the " same old sh*t , " and blasted supporters of the    Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement as " naked bigots . " Barr Barr also defended Republican candidate Donald Trump , including in a pair of tweets on Saturday . Hillary ’s commercials offer 0 ideas , just attacks on the intelligence of half th US population backing Trump . She Hillary we r all # AlexJones ,   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 27 , 2016 ,   ppl think Trump Trump ’vet’ immigrants from    anti semitic patriarchal rape cultures is worse than sending our troops in2 harms way .   —    Roseanne Barr ( @therealroseanne ) August 27 , 2016 ,   The comedian has previously said that America would be " so lucky " if Trump Trump elected president , because " then it would n’t be Hillary . " Still , Barr —   Roseanne Barr said that she —   Roseanne Barr not endorsed Trump Trump would be writing in her —   Roseanne Barr name on ballots every year until she —   Roseanne Barr .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 