House Speaker Paul Ryan was thunderously rebuked by Republican voters in House Speaker Paul Ryan home state of Wisconsin for House Speaker Paul Ryan position on Muslim migration , according to data from Tuesday ’s exit polls . [ The exit polls show that seven out of ten Wisconsin GOP voters support Donald Trump ’s plan to temporarily pause Muslim migration   —    a proposal which has been repeatedly denounced by Paul Ryan .   " As has been the case throughout the GOP primaries this year , there ’s broad support in these preliminary Wisconsin results ( seven in 10 ) for Donald Trump’s proposal to ban   . S. Muslims from entering the country , " writes ABC News . As one of Congress’ most vocal proponents of continuing and even expanding    Muslim migration , Speaker Ryan has been a vociferous critic of Trump Donald Trump’s plan to temporarily pause Muslim migration . In December , Ryan Speaker Ryan that Trump Donald Trump’s plan to pause immigration , " is not conservatism " and " is not what this party stands for . And more importantly , it this party not what this country stands for , " Ryan Speaker Ryan . After the Paris terror attacks , Ryan Speaker Ryan so far as to rule out making any cuts to Muslim migration into the United States —    telling Sean Hannity that curbing Muslim migration is not " appropriate " and insisting " that ’s not who we are . " A few weeks after the San Bernardino terror attack , Ryan Speaker Ryan expanded visa issuances to Muslim migrants . Since    the U. S. has permanently resettled 1 . 5 million Muslim migrants on green cards . According to data from the Pew Research Center , several of the Muslim countries to which the the U. S. large numbers of visas have very positive views of Sharia law . Pew writes , " Nearly all Muslims in Afghanistan ( 99 % ) and most in Iraq ( 91 % ) and Pakistan ( 84 % ) support Sharia law as official law . " In the last five years , according to Department Homeland Security data , the U. S. the U. S. 000 green cards to Iraq , 83 , 000 Iraq cards to Pakistan , and 11 , Pakistan to Afghanistan . If the current Afghanistan pace of migration continues , within the next five years the U. S. will resettle the U. S. Muslim migrants that is larger than the population of Washington D. C. Donald Trump is the only presidential candidate to propose a temporary pause on Muslim migration . Sen. Ted Cruz has rejected Trump ’s proposal . In recent weeks Washington D. C. Donald Trump ’s campaign has hammered Cruz for his Washington D. C. Donald Trump to double immigration   Sen. Ted Cruz    Washington D. C. Donald Trump Muslim migration . 
 