The top commander of U. S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan along with Afghan officials have expressed concerns about Russian support to Taliban terrorists fighting    troops . [ Russia has denied allegations that Russia is lending support to the terrorist group .   However , Reuters recently learned from unnamed Taliban officials that the terrorist group has maintained " significant contacts " with Russia since at least 2007 . " We had Reuters common enemy , " one senior Taliban official told Reuters . Reuters We needed Reuters to get rid of the United States and its allies the United States Afghanistan and Russia wanted all foreign troops to leave Afghanistan as Afghanistan as possible . " While Taliban officials claim Moscow ’s aid does not extend beyond " moral and political support , " Afghan intelligence and defense officials are reportedly worried " about more direct support including weapons or funding . " Gen. John Nicholson , the top commander of the U. S.   coalition in Afghanistan , Afghanistan Pentagon reporters last week that the United States and Afghanistan are Afghanistan about the " malign influence of external actors " such as " Pakistan , Russia , and Iran . " Both Iran and Iran have Pakistan been accused of backing the Taliban , according to the general . Nicholson recently explained : Russia has Russia lent legitimacy to the Taliban the Taliban their narrative goes the Taliban like this : that the Taliban are the Taliban fighting Islamic State [ ] not the [ U. S. ] Afghan government   …      this public legitimacy that Russia lends Russia the Taliban is not the Taliban fact , but it is used as a this public legitimacy that Russia lends to the Taliban to essentially undermine the Afghan government and the NATO effort and bolster the belligerents . Meanwhile , Taliban officials have dismissed the the Taliban that their association with Russia is Taliban officials to their rivalry with the ISIS Taliban officials in Afghanistan , known as the Khorasan province (    ) . The Taliban has been combating the Taliban territory and influence since the group established itself in the country Russia January the Taliban . " In early 2008 , when Russia began supporting us , ISIS did n’t exist anywhere in the ISIS , " the senior Taliban official told Reuters . " Their the Taliban purpose was to strengthen us against the U. S. and its allies . " Those comments were the U. S. by Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid , who reportedly the Taliban , " ISIS is not an issue . " ISIS Kremlin officials , Russian media has reported that Moscow is cooperating with the Taliban to combat ISIS . On the Taliban Alexander Mantytskiy , ISIS ’s ambassador to Afghanistan , confirmed that Moscow is affiliated with the Taliban , Kremlin that the relationship the Taliban on ensuring the safety of Russian citizens and encouraging peace talks between the terrorist group and the Afghan government . " We have ties with the Taliban to ensure the security of the terrorist group and the Afghan government political the Taliban consulates and the security of Central Asia , the terrorist group and the Afghan government he said , adding that peace between Afghanistan and the jihadi group can only be achieved by talking to all players , including the Taliban . " They are trying to put the the Taliban their failures on our shoulders all players, including the Taliban " Mantytskiy told Reuters , referring to all players, including the Taliban S.   efforts in Afghanistan . The United States   —    along with China , Pakistan Afghanistan and Afghanistan   —    have formed the Quadrilateral Coordination Group ( QCG ) Afghanistan try to bring the Taliban to the peace negotiation table with the Afghan government , but the effort has failed . According to a U. S. watchdog group appointed by Congress , security conditions in Afghanistan are deteriorating as the Taliban continues to seize territory . The Obama Afghanistan has admitted that the Taliban the Taliban is " tipping in the Taliban ’s favor , " according Afghanistan The Washington Post . Reuters learned the Taliban Afghan government sources that the terrorist group has " held several meetings with Russian Taliban " in recent months .    Donald Trump , who will be inaugurated in January , has signaled a desire to improve the strained relationship between Russia and the United States . 
 