WASHINGTON   —    Minutes before President Trump was to take the stage in Nashville last week to make President Trump case for the health care overhaul President Trump had promised , President Trump received some unwelcome news that shifted President Trump script . A Federal District Court judge in Hawaii had just placed another stay on A Federal District Court judge in Hawaii ban on travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries , dealing A Federal District Court judge in Hawaii order a second legal setback in two months . As a country music duo crooned in an auditorium still filling with adoring supporters of Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump fumed backstage and huddled with his Mr. Trump for a hasty redrafting of the speech . When Mr. Mr. Trump , he decided Mr. Trump relegate the health care overhaul , which he has Mr. Trump as a top domestic priority , to a brief mention more than halfway through the speech the speech instead Mr. Trump its prime billing the speech an angry diatribe against the travel ban ruling and the judge who had issued it . " the speech have to be nice , otherwise I ’ll get criticized for speaking poorly about our courts , " he said Mr. Trump But he could Mr. Trump help himself : Mr. Trump president Mr. Trump that the court that had just ruled against him should be Mr. Trump . " People are screaming , ‘ Break up the Ninth Circuit!’ " Once again , Mr. Trump ’s agenda was subsumed by problems of his own making , Mr. Trump’s message undercut by Mr. Trump’s seemingly endless stream of controversy he can not seem Mr. Trump’s stop himself from feeding . Mr. Trump’s health care measure appears on track for a House vote this week , and the president , who planned a weekend of relaxation at     his Palm Beach , Mr. Trump’s club , is likely to receive a large measure of the credit . But it has also become The health care measure that Mr. Trump , an agitator incapable of responding proportionately to any slight , appears hellbent on squandering his honeymoon . Instead , he has sowed chaos his his own West Wing his and talked or tweeted his way into trouble his over and over again . That was never more apparent than over the last week , when fresh questions about his refusal to release his tax returns and his blocking of his executive order sapped his spotlight from his efforts to build his for the health measure and even the unveiling of his first budget . his more   : his insistence that President his Obama had authorized surveillance on his 2016 campaign , his claim that continued unabated despite rebukes from Republicans , denials by the congressional intelligence committees and complaints from the British government after Mr. Trump ’s spokesman suggested that one of its intelligence agencies had the British government in the spying . " It ’s a pattern with him   —    he sometimes counterpunches so him he hits himself , him said him Fleischer , who served as White House press secretary for George W. Bush . The public outbursts are mirrored by internal tensions . With the embers of the old rivalry extinguished between his chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , and chief of staff , Reince Priebus , a new realignment has emerged in a West Wing already rived by suspicion and intrigue . Gary Cohn , the former Goldman Sachs executive who serves as the president ’s top economic policy adviser and who is decidedly more liberal than the rest of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle , is on the rise , and has the ear of the president ’s powerful     Jared Kushner . Mr. Kushner also gained powerful    Jared Kushner on the National Security Council with the appointment of Dina Powell , a Republican and another former Goldman official who worked with Mr. Cohn , as a deputy for strategy . In the newness of the administration , the constant need to tend to internal dynamics has been a distraction . The aides have watched each other warily and tried tending to the president ’s base of supporters amid a sea of appointments of people who worked on Wall Street . Mr. Trump is not bothered by turf battles in his administration . He believes Mr. Trump competition and Mr. Trump any one aide from accumulating too much power . He is even more enthusiastic about Mr. Trump war publicly , believing that it fires up his white    base . Indeed Mr. Trump in Nashville on Wednesday night , Mr. Trump spoke to a rapturous Mr. Trump almost 10 , 000 people and his embattled spokesman , Sean Spicer , Mr. Trump greeted as a star by    supporters , who spent several minutes crowding around him to take pictures and pat him Mr. Trump the back . But in Mr. Trump , some Republican lawmakers and officials have watched in dismay and frustration , they say privately , because the president some Republican lawmakers and officials are looking to for cover and some Republican lawmakers and officials of the health care overhaul keeps getting sidetracked . One of those diversions came after the judge ’s ruling on the travel ban . In Nashville , the president said he would prefer to go back to the president first , more restrictive ban and the president it to the Supreme Court . " his first, more restrictive ban ’s what I wanted to do in the first place , " Mr. Trump said , a statement that seems destined to be used against his own lawyers in upcoming court cases Mr. Trump the executive order . For Mr. Trump , this was supposed to Mr. Trump week of pivoting and message discipline . The president read from a script during public Mr. Trump posted on Twitter less often . He invited lawmakers from both parties to the White Mr. Trump for strategy sessions on the health measure . He scheduled policy speeches , like one near Detroit Mr. Trump where he announced that he was halting fuel economy standards Mr. Trump by Mr. Mr. Trump , and the rally in Nashville , where he visited the grave of Andrew Jackson , the Mr. Trump patron selected by his    political impresario , Mr. Bannon , as Mr. Trump Trump ’s presidential analog . But by Friday , as Mr. Trump worked to call attention to his powers Mr. Trump in securing commitments from a dozen Mr. Trump Republicans to back the health measure , the White House was left frantically trying to explain why Mr. Spicer had repeated allegations that the Government Communications Headquarters , the British spy agency , had helped to eavesdrop on the president during the campaign . Rather than expressing regret for a slight of one of the United States’ strongest allies , Mr. Trump was unapologetic . " We said nothing , " he said at a news conference with Chancellor Angela Merkel Mr. Trump Germany . " All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television , " he added , referring to Andrew Napolitano , the commentator Mr. Trump first leveled the charge about the involvement of the British intelligence service on Fox News . That did not seem to be enough for the irate British , who had called the charge " nonsense " and " utterly ridiculous . " Shepard Smith , a Fox News anchor , later disavowed it as well , Fox News network could not back up Mr. Napolitano ’s claims . The episode left little time for talk of Mr. Trump ’s " America First " budget released on Thursday , filled with domestic spending cuts so deep that even his budget director conceded they would be unpopular , or the his care measure that would affect more than 20 percent of the economy . " This White House is on two tracks , " Mr. Fleischer said . " The legislative one , which has been surprisingly and pleasantly productive , and the other one full of    error . " The problem for Mr. Trump , he added , is that the    behavior , if it Mr. Trump , threatens to overshadow everything else . " He the   behavior a tremendous number of ingredients at his disposal to Mr. Trump a very successful president , " Mr. Mr. Trump added , " but he might not even get credit for it if he is Mr. Trump    controversial . " 
 Mr. Trump credit 