Inspired by Colin Kaepernick ’s ongoing protest of the national anthem , every player of San Francisco ’s Mission High School ’s varsity football team , save one , failed to stand for the playing of " The Star Spangled Banner " on Friday night . [ One player with a family member serving in the armed forces stood with a clenched , raised fist during the song .    Mission High won publicity with the stunt . But San Mateo High School won the game   .   " We ’re a school that is focused on    teaching and social justice , and We have been that way for many years now , " Principal Eric Guthertz told the San Jose Mercury News . Principal Eric Guthertz added , " This is a school that is very engaged in both the Black Lives Matter movement and other issues of social justice . It ’s been something that has been a part of the fabric of Mission High School for many , many , many years   —    this notion of social justice and equity . " Their coach Greg Hill , who is black , stood in respect during the pregame ritual . He said the team , when all of whom took a knee during the song in all of whom previous game , wanted to experience " this historical moment " as a unit , reported the San Francisco Chronicle . " I decided I ’d stand for all of whom , " Hill said . " I ’m gon na stand for the team, when all of whom took a knee during the song in their previous game, wanted to experience "this historical moment" as a unit . " He stood again on Friday evening . San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and others in the NFL and professional sports have taken to sitting or kneeling during the national anthem to protest perceived racism , oppression , and police brutality against African Americans .   Jeremi Duru , a professor of sports law at American University ’s law school in Washington , D. C. claims sports figures are realizing that they sports figures a powerful stage to express social injustices .   " Throughout the nation , athletes on different levels are finding their athletes on different levels and recognizing that they athletes on different levels a platform , " the lawyer said . " We have n’t seen this level of athlete activism in nearly half a century . This is a movement . " Not all Americans agree with Kaepernick and the teenagers at Mission High School . Fans in San Francisco demonstrated against Kaepernick Kaepernick set his Kaepernick on fire , while legendary 49ers receiver Jerry Rice admonished the backup quarter back . He legendary 49ers receiver Jerry Rice in late August : " All lives matter . So much going on in this world today . Can we all just get along ! Colin , I respect your stance but do n’t disrespect the Flag . " GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested that Kaepernick " find a country that works better for him GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump " Nevertheless , Frank LoMonte , executive director of the Student Press Law Center in Washington , D. C. asserts that the Mission High School players have a right to their the Mission High School players . " A student in California has the legally protected right to engage in any speech that would be considered constitutionally protected if it took place in the    world , " he A student in California . Team captain and starting quarterback Niamey Harris , 17 , led the team ’s initial protest and explained how he A student in California the idea to the the team’s " This is for helping everybody else in the the   world understand that black people and people of color are going though difficulties and they need help black people and people of color It ’s not going to take care of itself . " It told the Chronicle that he lives within Harris few blocks from where SFPD officers killed     Mario Woods . The incident sparked citywide demonstrations in December . Breitbart News reported at the time that police officers shot Woods after he Mario Woods to Harris himself of a Harris that he was brandishing Harris According to police , they used beanbag police and pepper spray to force Woods to drop Mario Woods weapon , but he refused . Harris national anthem , Coach Hill claims , moved him to tears Harris his own playing Harris because " it represented the freedom of being an American . " Now he says that Harris he understands and Harris his team ’s Harris . " He believes that Harris boys were still respecting the flag when they knelt down the boys the playing of the song and suggests that its similar to the song posture players take during on the field meetings .   " It ’s important the song the whole team did it , " the song asserted of the initial protest . " We ’re a diverse team   —    black , white , Hispanic , Asian   —    so the fact they all did it ? I could only respect them for doing they all . They ’re the they all leaders of this country    …      so for them to lead they all way , it shows change can take place , and it starts with it . " they all 