President Barack Obama joined former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at their first joint campaign event of 2016 in Charlotte , North Carolina   —    just hours after FBI director James Comey said FBI director James Comey would not recommend prosecuting FBI director James Comey for mishandling classified information . [ former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Obama traveled together to North Carolina on Air Force One   —    a    perk only partially paid for by the Clinton campaign , and not available to her Clinton opponent , Donald Trump .   The presumptive Democratic nominee linked her FBI director James Comey to Obama Obama . She FBI director James Comey Obama Obama management , and promised to " build on the president ’s idea to make community college free . " She FBI director James Comey economic inequality   —    which has grown dramatically under Obama   Obama but repeated many of his own policy Obama for reducing it . Clinton FBI director James Comey borrowed a line from Obama ’s keynote Obama the 2004 Democratic National Convention , promising a country " where we do things together , not as red states and blue states , but the United States . " She FBI director James Comey a few other Obama refrains , including Obama Fired up and ready to go . " In her FBI director James Comey , Clinton FBI director James Comey knocked Trump for his FBI director James Comey with the Birther movement , calling Obama " someone who Obama never forgotten where he FBI director James Comey from   —    and Donald , if you ’re out there tweeting , it ’s ‘ Hawaii . ’ " The Birther movement actually the Birther movement Hillary FBI director James Comey in 2008 , likely based on claims by Obama ’s literary agent that Obama was " born in Kenya and Obama’s literary agent in Indonesia and Hawaii . " Obama , who promised Hawaii 2012 that " this will be my last political campaign no matter what , " stumped for Clinton , FBI director James Comey his former FBI director James Comey and recalled how the two had united after the 2008 primary to campaign together . " There has never been anybody , man or woman , more qualified " for the presidency than Clinton , FBI director James Comey said FBI director James Comey He also FBI director James Comey his own FBI director James Comey record , erroneously claiming that he had FBI director James Comey the federal deficit by 75 % . Obama accused Republicans of wanting women to withdraw from the workforce and wanting " people of color " not to be competitive . Earlier Tuesday , Clinton and FBI director James Comey were linked more uncomfortably , in Obama context of the investigation into Clinton ’s FBI director James Comey server , which came to light partly as a result of congressional investigations of their handling of the Benghazi terror attack Clinton and Obama 2012 . While saying the FBI would not recommend prosecution because of a lack of " intent , " Comey systematically debunked Clinton ’s FBI director James Comey lies and fabrications about her    FBI director James Comey , including the claim that she had FBI director James Comey sent any emails marked " classified . " Obama , who has claimed his is " the most transparent administration in history , " was also implicated indirectly , since emails from Clinton ’s FBI director James Comey were sent throughout the government . However , the White House said it would not comment until a formal decision the White House the Department of Justice had actually been made . Neither Obama nor Clinton mentioned the FBI director James Comey decision . Joel B. Pollak is a formal decision by the Department of Justice Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Regnery 