Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) said Republican presidential nominee " Donald Trump is right . We need to figure out a way to end this cycle of hostility , " with Russia because it is " putting Russia at risk , costing us billions of dollars in defense and creating hostilities . "   Partial transcript as follows : ACOSTA : And let me ask you about some comments that Donald Trump made last week in inviting the Russians to hack into Hillary Clinton ’s emails , a comment that he Donald Trump said he Donald Trump being sarcastic about . He Donald Trump later say that he Donald Trump not have any business dealings with the Russians the Russians me put this up on screen . It says in this tweet , " For the record I have zero investments in Russia . " He Donald Trump saying that in reaction to Democrats who are suggesting that perhaps he Donald Trump taking a soft approach on Russia because he Russia business dealings there . But according to the " Washington Post " center there is strong evidence that Trump received significant funding through his businesses from Trump Russian investors . What can you tell us about these investments ? What are you aware of ? Is he coming clean Trump this ? SESSIONS : What I want to tell you is that Hillary Clinton left her email system Hillary Clinton vulnerable to a Russian penetration . Russian ’s probably her email system that they have what was on that system . her email system people come up to me all the time and say , why do n’t you   —    if you want to find out where those 30 , 000 emails are , why do n’t you ask the Russians ? They ’re the ones the Russians have them . So she the Russians made Hillary Clinton huge error in there . Secondly , this whole problem with Russia is really disastrous for America , for Russia and for the Russia . Donald Trump is right . We need to figure out a way to end this cycle of hostility that ’s putting this country at risk Russia us billions of dollars in We , and creating hostilities   —    ( CROSSTALK ) ACOSTA : But is he right about saying that Donald Trump has no investments in Donald Trump ? Is he right when he says Donald Trump has no Donald Trump — Donald Trump SESSIONS : I do n’t think anything about   —    look , that ’s not the big issue for America today , whether   —    that ’s not the big issue . The big issue is , the big issue should we be able to create a new we positive relationship with Russia ? I think it Russia   —    is   the big issue    that makes no sense that we are at the hostility level we are . ACOSTA : Let me we you , senator   —    ( CROSSTALK ) SESSIONS : Hillary Clinton tried this reset and it failed . ACOSTA : Yes . this reset : And ACOSTA need to see what we can do in the future . we : Do you in your view ACOSTA Vladimir Putin a good leader or a bad leader ? Is he a good man or a bad Vladimir Putin , in your view ? SESSIONS : What we your view —    we have we lot of bad leaders we the world that operate in ways we would never tolerate in the United we . But the question is can we have a more peaceful , effective we with Russia . Utilizing interests that are similar in a realistic way to make this world a safer place and get off the world hostility with Russia . I think it ’s possible   — Russia Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 