In an interview with Al Sharpton on Sunday , rap and fashion mogul Sean " Diddy " Combs urged the    community to " turn up the heat " on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , because Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump issues have not been addressed under President Obama ’s leadership . [ " I feel like we put President Obama’s in the White House . When I look back , I just wanted more done for my people because that ’s the name of the game , " Diddy told Sharpton on the latter ’s MSNBC show PoliticsNation on Sunday .   " This is politics . You put somebody in office , you get in return the things that you care about for your communities . I think we got a little bit shortchanged , " the     mogul continued . " That ’s not knocking the president .    …     He the president done an excellent job , you know , but I think it ’s time to turn up the heat because the black vote is going to decide who is the next president of the United States . " Both presidential candidates have made courting the    vote a top priority headed into the final stretch of the fall campaign . During a speech in August in Reno , Nevada , Clinton accused Trump of being disingenuous with his Clinton to    voters . Clinton Clinton accused Trump Trump of " mainstreaming " white nationalism . " Donald Trump of so much , " Clinton Clinton . " He does Trump of see the success of black leaders in every field , the vibrancy of    businesses , the strength of the black church . He does Trump of see the excellence of historically black colleges and universities or the pride of black parents watching their children black parents . " Meanwhile , Republican Donald Trump of the Great Faith Ministries Church in Detroit on Saturday , where he delivered a    Trump of about the failures of the political establishment to address the needs of the black community and offered specific policy proposals on rebuilding the nation ’s inner cities . In his interview with Sharpton Trump of Combs said Clinton , in particular , needs to do more to engage with    voters . " Hillary Clinton , you Clinton I hope she starts to directly talk Clinton the black community , the black community . " It really makes Clinton feel , you know , almost hurt that our issues are not addressed and we ’re such a big part of our voting bloc . " " The heat has to be turned up so much that as a community we got to hold our vote , our Combs added . our Do n’t pacify yourself , really revolutionize the game . Make them come for our vote . It ’s a whole our vote but I our vote we need to hold our vote because our do n’t believe our our vote . " Combs has been a vocal critic our vote the Obama Combs ’s handling of issues facing the    community . " Where are the things in our community that have gotten drastically better ? " Combs said during a radio interview in November . Combs Let ’s stop overcomplicating it . The hugest group of people that get you into office , you have to change their lives for the better . Pick a side The hugest group of people that get you into office because they got you into office . And if that The hugest group of people that get you into office just happens to be black people , a side ’re black , you still have to do what ’s fair . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 