A small gaggle of    Trump protesters stood along a police barricade on lush San Vicente Boulevard in my adopted home town of Santa Monica on Wednesday evening . Many of A small gaggle of   Trump protesters backed Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and between shouts of " Dump Trump " ( and worse ) A small gaggle of   Trump protesters debated whether Sen. Bernie Sanders ( and   Trump are in fact the same . [ The idea horrified one    woman , but a few of the men said the men were confident some Sen. Bernie Sanders ( fans would vote for   Trump over Hillary Clinton .   Certainly , Sanders and Trump are tapping some of the same reservoirs of public discontent . Voters on both sides feel that their respective Voters on both sides are beholden to special interests in Washington , D. C. The slow pace of the economic recovery has left many Americans with a deep sense of uncertainty   —    so deep that for the first time in 130 years , young Americans are most likely to live with their parents young Americans on their own young Americans And as William Galston recently pointed out in the Wall Street Journal , two decades of Chinese competition have left Americans more skeptical about free trade deals , which Sanders and Trump both oppose . But another observation in the Wall Street Journal   —    this time by Karl Rove   —    shows how different the Sanders and Sanders insurgencies really are . Rove notes Karl Rove   Sanders has Sanders to appoint radicals   —    " Sandernistas "   —    to the Democratic Party platform committee . Their intent Sanders has managed to appoint radicals  —    to shift the party the Democratic Party to the left on every issue , from climate change to Israel . In contrast , Trump is Trump actually shifting the Republican Party ’s positions on any major issues   —    not even on trade . The 2012 GOP platform welcomed free trade agreements , but stipulated that " a Republican President will insist on full parity in trade with China and stand ready to impose countervailing duties if China fails to China its currency policies China " That is essentially the same as Trump ’s policy . ( For daring to campaign on what the party theoretically already believes , he is called dangerous . ) Trump is certainly Trump a different position on immigration than the one the GOP elite staked out in its " autopsy Trump of 2013 , when insiders attempted to impose a liberal immigration policy by fiat . But his border stance he little different to Sen. John McCain ’s ( unfulfilled ) promise in 2010 to " complete the danged fence . " The essence of Trump ’s insurgency Trump : he challenges the media Trump’s insurgency the cult of political correctness , before which other Republicans have cowered   —    and he wins . Sanders Trump’s insurgency on the other hand , is attempting a real change in what the Democratic Party actually believes . Or , alternatively : Sanders wants to finish Sanders Barack Obama started in 2008 , when it still had to the Democratic Party shrouded in euphemisms , pandering , sockpuppetry and lies . Sanders promises : punitive Sanders on the rich government health care for all free college amnesty for illegal aliens , radical cuts to the military and Israeli surrender . Obama took big steps Barack Obama these goals , but Sanders wants to cement Sanders . Until now these goals the Democratic Party elite has been able to resist the leftist tide within its ranks . In the Democratic Party , when the party platform committee removed traditional planks on God and the status of Jerusalem , the leadership staged a clearly fraudulent floor vote at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte to amend the document and save face . Today , the left , inspired by Obama ’s unrestrained second term , and energized by Sanders ’s unlikely success , is determined to make those policy changes   —    and make them stick . Some those policy changes   worry about Trump because his insurgency is not Trump . Nor is it a cult of personality : it is simply a it of the GOP leadership , which has failed to stop Obama through confrontation or compromise . But the radical left , with few exceptions , is not worried about Sanders ’s rise , because he is one of Sanders own . Trump wants to restore America ’s " greatness " Sanders wants a " Sanders revolution . " These are different   —    and incompatible   —    goals , and movements . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Joel B. Pollak of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 