Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will participate in a CNN town hall event in Ohio two days before Ohio ’s primary . Hillary Clinton could have effectively put the race away had Hillary Clinton won Michigan , but Bernie Sanders ’s victory there revealed Hillary Clinton ’s vulnerabilities with    voters and the left ’s activist base . Since Bernie Sanders Michigan Michigan , Bernie Sanders has ramped up Bernie Sanders attacks on Hillary Clinton , especially highlighting Bernie Sanders differences with Hillary Clinton on trade .   The town hall will take place days after many Bernie Sanders supporters disrupted Donald Trump ’s Chicago rally , which was ultimately postponed . Many protesters in Chicago Chicago chanting " Bernie ! " and Trump Donald Trump’s called on Bernie Sanders to tell Bernie Sanders many Sanders supporters stand down . Bernie Sanders has claimed Bernie Sanders campaign did not organize any of the protests , but a variety of    agitators spent weeks organizing Friday ’s disruption . Breitbart News will be providing live updates of the town hall .   —    9:59 : Tapper asks Clinton what she meant Clinton she said Clinton was Clinton a " natural politician . " Clinton says Clinton a lot of the    that goes into a campaign are challenging . She says Clinton is Clinton better when " I actually have a job to do rather than trying to get the job a job to do She says Clinton does Clinton want to get hired to be a constant candidate . She wants Clinton be hired to be a president because she thinks Clinton brings Clinton combination of     to do all parts of the job . a job to do Clinton is " poetry " when    husband campaign . She says Clinton that ’s not necessarily my forte . " She says Clinton has Clinton produced results " in every job she has Clinton . She says Clinton has Clinton archive of nice things Republicans have said about her — Clinton including Trump . 9:52 : Clinton : " We ’re going to put a lot of miners and coal companies out of business . " Martin wants Clinton to make the Clinton to poor whites who vote for Republicans why they should vote for Republicans . Clinton says " we Clinton serious economic problems in many parts of this country . " Clinton says instead of Clinton people like Trump , let ’s reunite around policies that will serve underserved communities . Clinton talks about reviving Clinton economy through clean , renewable energy . Clinton then says " Clinton ’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies " out of business . [ That ’s not going to go over well in swing states in a general election , to say the least . ] She says we have Clinton remember the miners who did the best they could to produce the energy we relied on   we      and implies that she has economic revitalization Clinton to help them . 9:47 : they " racial and social justice organizer " who is undecided asks what programs she would implement in Clinton cities to decrease gun violence . Clinton says 90 people Clinton day are killed by gun violence and a " shocking number " of those killed are children . She says we are Clinton a   " crisis " when it comes to gun violence and it is " truly it epidemic . " She talks about the Clinton for    gun control like comprehensive background checks and closing the      loopholes . She says we have Clinton " crack down " on the makers and sellers of guns . She says Sanders voted Clinton a bill to give immunity to gun sellers . In previous debates , Sanders accused Clinton of Sanders no guns in America . She says she does Clinton know Clinton much she can get done Clinton she is going to Clinton on the gun lobby . 9:42 : Clinton : Foreign Leaders Clinton if They Can Endorse Me Foreign Leaders ‘ Stop Donald Trump.’ She cites the Italian Clinton Minister . [ This will only help Trump in a general election . ] Clinton blasts Trump ’s Clinton temperament Trump " which will be pushed " one way or the other depending on who said what to you today . " She says she will Clinton out Clinton " dangerous " Trump would be " for our standing , for our safety , for our peace of the world . " 9:40 : Clinton says she will Clinton voters Clinton they must vote AGAINST voters and for Trump But she Clinton voting AGAINST Clinton first because she knows that people Clinton not be enthusiastic   about voting for her . Clinton says Clinton have Clinton her for 25 years Clinton she has developed the Clinton skin that is necessary to combat Trump . She says she Trump Clinton going Clinton " spill the beans " but " there are many arguments we can use against him . " Clinton a unique argument Clinton can make as Clinton former Secretary of State is what his presidency would mean Clinton our country and our standing in the world our 9:38 : The same sone of immigrants who asked the loaded question to Sanders about Trump GETS TO ASK THE SAME QUESTION TO CLINTON . He tells Clinton that Clinton the Clinton of Trump , for the first Trump his family has been Clinton . He ask which Democrat Clinton best defeat Trump .   He wants Trump know Clinton specific points of her    game plan Clinton Clinton says she is Clinton only Clinton who has gotten more votes than Trump so far . She Trump she is Clinton a Clinton inclusive campaign to convince people that this is the    election they will be involved in people 9:35 : Clinton is asked if Clinton would allow    Clinton say no to fracking . She says that the Clinton government has an important role to play , including giving local communities the final say on the matter . She says we need Clinton more scientific research but we know that methane releases we bad for the environment . She says we know Clinton " if we is contaminated , that is bad . " She disagrees with a Clinton in the law that allows fracking companies to not disclose the chemicals they are using . She fracking companies she has Clinton figure Clinton what she can do at Clinton federal level and what we can do at the state level . Clinton says there is Clinton scientific evidence that fracking is connected to the tremors in Oklahoma . She says now even Clinton is saying " wait Oklahoma minute , we better stop and take a hard look at this . " She says she will Clinton the Clinton , regulations and figure out how to influence the states . Clinton says she will Clinton everything Clinton can to limit Clinton regulate fracking but no president can say " I ’m going to ban it . " [ Obvious everything she can to limit at Sanders . ] Clinton says she does Clinton want Clinton make a promise she ca n’t keep Clinton [ very effective attack against Sanders . ] 9:30 : Sanders : ‘ System Clinton at Work Inside Criminal Justice System . Questioner says    people are disproportionately in prisons and asks what she will do to Clinton the system to make it Criminal Justice System . " She Criminal Justice System the prison Clinton "   slavery Criminal Justice System description Clinton the Clinton is " absolutely right . " She says Criminal Justice System Clinton is Clinton her website and says Clinton kicked off her Clinton by focusing Clinton prison reform . She says it is Clinton that an    man is more likely to be    for doing the exact same thing as a white man . She says " we Clinton systemic racism that is really at work inside the criminal justice system and we got to be willing to stand up and question these we and go about the business of ridding them . " She wants to end Clinton prisons and really these inequities that states need to stop building prisons and investing in education . Martin asks if Democrats should stop taking money from private prisons . Clinton answers " yes . " [ Clinton not pressed about her husband ’s role in creating the Clinton pipeline . ] Clinton : Questioner rips Democrats for raising health insurance premiums under Obamacare , says it ’s costing a lot to vote for Democrats . An raising health insurance premiums under Obamacare coordinator who is leaning toward Hillary says her health insurance skyrocketed after she voted for Obama . She Hillary more than doubling her Hillary insurance costs for her Hillary of four was not Hillary a " little more Hillary like Obama promised . She says it has been difficult coming up Obama that payment Hillary She says she would like to vote for Democrats but it Hillary costing Hillary a lot . She wonders if Democrats it how much Hillary is costing    Hillary to pay for the health insurance . Clinton says her mission will be to get costs down . She claims Clinton for many people , Obamacare has reduced costs Clinton has ensured people with    conditions get insurance . Clinton says it has Clinton increasingly clear that " we have to get the costs down . " She wants to get Clinton family ’s    Clinton down so she could find an affordable plan on the exchange . She Clinton the questioner to go " shopping on the exchange Clinton and keep looking to " see what the the exchange . " 9:16 : Martin asks Clinton about the death Clinton . A man who Martin wrongfully committed of murder and exonerated from death row ( he spent 39 years in jail for a crime he did not commit ) asks Clinton how she could Clinton the he penalty even though innocent people have been executed . He the death penalty " perilously close to my own execution . " Clinton A man who was wrongfully committed of murder and exonerated from death row (he spent 39 years in jail for a crime he did not commit) this A man who was wrongfully committed of murder and exonerated from death row (he spent 39 years in jail for a crime he did not commit) Clinton a " profoundly difficult question . " She says the " Clinton ’s have proven themselves incapable " of carrying out fair trials of giving defendants all of the    they should have . She says she would Clinton a Clinton of relief if themselves Supreme    began to eliminate the death penalty . Clinton says , at Clinton point , given the challenges the death penalty terrorism , she says the death Clinton can be held in reserve at the federal level for terrorists . She the death penalty Clinton bombing ,    attacks . She is for a Clinton very limited use of it in cases where there has been horrific mass killings . " She says " what Clinton to you was a travesty and I ca n’t even imagine what you went through and how terrible those days and nights must have been . " She says she is Clinton that Clinton had to go through what he did . 9:14 : Questioner asks Clinton if we are Clinton destined for more conflict " under he ’s watch . Clinton says we have Clinton use " every tool in our arsenal " including diplomacy and defense . She says in today Clinton world , it is important we a president to build coalitions and support allies to take on challenges that confront them . She says force should Clinton the last resort and not the first choice . Clinton talks coalitions Nye Clinton " smart power " and " leading the rest of the world " and not the world off on our own . " In    she wants to provide Clinton for others to carry the military conflict forward with military action . 9:10 : A    steel worker tells Clinton that thousands of Clinton workers are about to lose everything because of the illegal dumping of steel . He asks Clinton if the federal Clinton should bail out the federal government . Clinton says we have Clinton take much A   steel worker aggressive action to stop illegal dumping of steel . Clinton says the United Clinton government should stand up for the federal government , and the workers . She says the steel Clinton is in America ’s national    America . And in addition to enforcing laws and going after China , she is the steel industry steel workers working . [ She does n’t answer Clinton the government should bail out the industry . And she ’s the federal government Clinton it . ] 9:06 : Martin says many of the trade the federal government should bail out the steel industry " and wonders if Clinton Martin the steel industry Clinton trade unions bring in the federal government should bail out the steel industry    and Hispanics . Clinton says she has Clinton an Clinton for opening up every institution in our country . She says it will Clinton a specific commitment the trade unions apprenticeships . Martin interrupts and says many of the skilled folks are shut out . Clinton says " we Clinton Martin the whole gamut . " Clinton says it will Clinton counterproductive to leave people out while building up the country ’s infrastructure . Clinton says we have Clinton encourage more Americans to consider jobs in various trades . 9:04 : When asked if Democrats also need to be cautioned , Clinton blames Trump and our country is Trump for Clinton happens at his events because he Clinton been inciting Clinton encouraging violence . She says people who Clinton in protests should be   . Clinton again accuses Trump Clinton committing " political Trump . " [ What ’s interesting is Trump has been saying the Trump thing at his rallies for months . Trump the organized chaos started happening this weekend . ] 9:02 : Tapper invites Clinton to attack Trump Clinton his " violence Trump Clinton Trump ’s rally . He Trump what are her Trump . Clinton Clinton it is Clinton clear " that Trump is running a " cynical Trump " pitting " group of Americans against one another . " She accuses Trump of Clinton trafficking in hate Trump fear " and " playing to our worst instincts rather than our angels of our better nature . " He says Trump " Clinton incites violence " Trump urging his audience on . Clinton says Trump has Clinton " bigoted " Trump certain groups and blasts Trump for wanting our deport illegal our and a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants . [ Clinton seems well prepared Clinton this question —   like she knew it was Clinton . ] 9:00 : Clinton is on deck Clinton 8:57 : Sanders is asked about his friends . He cites his campaign manager , Sanders has worked with Sanders since he Sanders 18 Sanders Sanders this question the people he works with Sanders his Sanders friends . When Sanders who is a Sanders of his that Sanders disagrees with the most on politics is , Sanders says Sanders of Sanders most conservative members of the Senate is Sen. Sanders Inhofe ( ) . Sanders says though Inhofe is a climate change denier , he is a Sanders guy and he and I are friends . Sanders Sanders just because you have political Sanders does n’t mean you ca Sanders develop friendships with people . Has running for president changed Sanders ? " Yes , it has profoundly changed me , " he Sanders . Sanders says you meet so many extraordinary people on the Sanders trail . Sanders recalls meeting Latino supporters who fear their families will be deported and Sanders makes him want to fight harder for immigration reform . He says he has Sanders extraordinary people and " so many young people Sanders who Sanders optimistic about the future of Latino country . 8:51 : Questioner asks what Sanders will do to move Obama ’s agenda forward if Republicans still control Sanders . Sanders ’s answer is the   . If he Obama the election , Sanders there our country a large voter turnout Sanders Democrats will recover the Sanders States Senate and gain significant seats in the House . He says the premise of his campaign is the belief that most of the Sanders of Congress feel themselves Sanders to their large campaign contributors rather than to the Senate . Sanders says on all of the issues he is fighting for , Republicans are Sanders in the opposite direction of what Sanders American people want . Congress says the members of Congress only way the members of Congress transform the country is if " people stand the members of Congress by the millions and fight back and tell Congress " they will have to represent everybody and not just the 1 % . 8:48 : Questioner asks what the tax burden for our country like his will look like . Sanders goes back to his talking points . He just says " Congress will people a lot better Sanders " since he Sanders not have to pay for health insurance for his employees . Sanders Sanders he will pay Questioner a little bit more in Sanders " but Sanders savings Sanders be greater because he will not have to pay private insurance premiums . [ That ’s a Sanders of faith voters may not take . ] 8:42 : Questioner , a former heroin addict , asks Sanders what he will do about a drug policy that seems intent on incarcerating Sanders   Sanders of rehabilitating —   addicts . Sanders says what we have got to do is fundamentally rethink the    " Sanders on drugs , which has become a failure . " He says drug addiction needs to be looked at as a health issue and Sanders a criminal issue . He says we are failing to provide adequate mental health treatment . 8:37 : Sanders , a son of immigrants , says he has been afraid in America for the first America as Trump has emerged Sanders the GOP Trump . He says if Trump is we , his mission Trump be to defeat Trump Sanders [ Of course , Trump selects Sanders question . ] He asks which Democrat can best defeat Trump and asks Sanders how he Trump Sanders him . Sanders says he does better against Trump Sanders Clinton Sanders various    Sanders . Sanders also Sanders Democrats win when voters turn out and he says the excitement Sanders with his campaign even though all of the energy Sanders been with   . Sanders Sanders you defeat Trump by exposing him . He Trump Trump is Trump Sanders who does Trump want to see an increase Sanders the minimum wages . He blasts Trump his campaign at a debate Trump wages are too low ( Sanders was a stupid comment by Trump ) . He attacks Trump Trump insulting " virtually everybody Trump who is " quite not Sanders Donald Trump . " Sanders thanks Trump most people are not like Trump . Sanders says he does Sanders Trump anybody to forget that Trump was one of the Sanders of Sanders    Birther movement . He says the movement was an    on the presidency of Barack Obama . 8:35 Sanders Martin challenges Sanders on his opposition to private charters schools . He says 80 % of    Sanders one poll supported Martin charter schools and Martin how he can support federal funds the   Birther movement private colleges but not to private charter schools . Sanders says the idea of Martin neighborhood schools " is one of the reasons America Sanders great because America from all income levels went to school together . He wants to support " experimentation " in education but he does not want to Sanders money leave the public schools to private charter schools Sanders 8:33 : Sanders says he believes in public education and public charter schools but he does not Sanders in Sanders charters schools when questioner asks about education . Sanders Sanders we have to make education " one of the great priorities facing our Sanders . " He says he gets tired of hearing the millions of dollars football players make . Sanders wants Sanders make sure teachers earn a good wage as well . Sanders blasts Sanders " proliferation of millionaires and billionaires " our country in public schools Sanders we    lunch . He rails against the low pay    workers receive and he wants all kids to Sanders the care that will give them a good start Sanders life . 8:30 : Sanders is asked about his tax policy that would tax Wall Street and the wealthiest Sanders . He points Sanders that    homeowners could see increases in their taxes . He asks Sanders Sanders ’s message is to     all kids Sanders says he disagrees with Sanders analysis of Sanders plan that the questioner cited . Sanders says Sanders believes that the wealthiest people Sanders the country and the largest    will Sanders having Sanders pay homeowners " fair share " of taxes . Sanders claims the analysis of his tax plan did not take into account his " Medicare Sanders all " program that Sanders reduce the premiums our country pay . Sanders Really not a good answer from Sanders for    Americans . ] the wealthiest people in the country and the largest corporations : Sanders says nobody is talking about building a Sanders around the his tax plan Then he Sanders " I beg your pardon , there is one guy who is talking about Sanders . " He says " no rational person " is talking about that when asked if his opposition Sanders trade deals will hurt Ohio ’s economy that is dependent on exports . Sanders says he will work to expand    exports but trade has to be on principle Sanders fair Sanders . 8:21 : Questioner , a director of one of the " My Brother ’s Keeper " programs , asks Sanders about trade . He says on the South Side of Columbus , there has been Sanders lot of economic Sanders , etc that has made some areas look like    countries . Sanders says it is tough to buy products manufactured in the United States and Sanders says Sanders communities have been hit hard by trade deals . Sanders says trade deals Sanders forced    factory workers to get jobs at McDonalds . [ Sanders is making Trump ’s argument against Clinton in a Trump election for him . ] Sanders says we will the United States that work for working Americans at home Sanders Sanders says Sanders have to target economic develop into communities that are most    pressed . He Sanders areas in Flint looked like a " " country . He says we " have Sanders worst distribution of wealth " of any country on earth . Sanders says he ha spent his life taking on the special    we he will invest in Sanders areas Sanders He says Sanders is going on in Columbus , etc Sanders is a " national disgrace . Sanders 8:20 : we asks Sanders how his free college plan will not be the death knell of the historically black colleges Sanders universities . Sanders Martin they should not Martin threatened by his legislation    8:18 : Now , Sanders says Sanders is not Columbus " free college for Sanders . " He says is proposing Sanders free Sanders for all . " Sanders says a college degree is Sanders equivalent of a high school degree 50 years ago , Sanders that is why public    should be   . 8:15 : Questioner asks Sanders about wages and Sanders says he could see from day one that the corporate trade agreements Sanders designed to shut Sanders corporations Sanders America and pay people America an hour in    and bring the products back to America . He says America Clinton supported the trade Clinton while he opposed . Sanders also blasts corporations for Sanders workers to take significant pay cuts . He Sanders he will Sanders trade agreements like the TPP and develop an entirely different process on Sanders . Sanders says    will be ads on CNN for corporations asking Americans to buy their products . Sanders says the time is long due for those products to be manufactured in America . He Sanders America for raising the minimum wage . 8:11 : Questioner , whose brother was shot Sanders killed by a police officer last CNN after a routine traffic stop for a missing license plate , ads on CNN for corporations asking Americans to buy their products police for lying and for engaging in " unjust killings . " Sanders says that any police officer who breaks the law must be held accountable . Sanders says Sanders federal government should play a role in training police to understand that lethal force Sanders the last —   not the first —   response . He says too many police officers shoot first and ask questions later . He says we have Sanders demilitarize the police departments and make them look like their communities . Sanders says Americans are tired of seeing unarmed people shot . 8:07 : Roland Martin asks Sanders Sanders Democrats can preach about income inequality when Democrats only spent 1 . 4 % on Sanders consultants . Martin Martin makes a good point that Democrats ca n’t talk about inequality the police departments they are the police departments re : spending their political dollars . [ Martin , refreshing question by Martin . Shows how important it is to get    voices at the debates on both sides . ] Sanders says the media are Martin talking about youth unemployment —   but he does n’t mention Sanders like he has Democrats the past . He wants Democrats dollars targeted Sanders     communities . 8:05 : Sanders says Trump has to get Sanders television and tell Trump supporters that violence is not acceptable Sanders He says Rubio has a legitimate concern that someone Sanders get killed during a Trump protest . Sanders says Sanders would be a " very difficult life " to take responsibility for everyone who Sanders voted for him . But he wants to hold Trump accountable for all of his supporters ? Trump : Sanders again says Sanders Trump is a " pathological liar . " Sanders says " our campaign Sanders does not encourage anybody to disrupt anything . But he does Sanders point out that many of his supporters organized for weeks trying to disrupt Trump Sanders rally . Sanders points out that his supporters may pay the legal fees of Trump supporter who    a Sanders . Sanders accuses Trump of Sanders inciting violence " with his supporters Sanders that is an " outrage " Sanders hopes that Trump " tones it down his supporters " and Sanders his supporters that violence is not acceptable in the American political process . 8:01 : CNN ’s Tapper tells Sanders Sanders Trump has been telling Bernie to " get your people in Trump . " 
 Sanders his supporters his supporters 