CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Shortly after getting suspended on Twitter , Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos took the stage at a " Gays for Trump " event here in CLEVELAND .   " There is a war on , " Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos said . " And it is a culture war . " a war , Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos explained , was not being covered by traditional media , but it was apparent that the left had already seized cultural institutions like universities and the news and entertainment industry . " Most journalists are dorks , most journalists are idiots , most journalists do n’t understand where the real battlegrounds are , " Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos said . Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos suspension from Twitter , Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos explained , was just one more example of how the the left trying to silence those who wanted to challenge their monopoly the left " Having just gotten suspended from Twitter , Twitter say the left for getting in a fight with a black Ghostbuster , " Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos said laughing . " What a humiliating end to a wonderful run . I thought , It could have at least be getting into a fight with somebody serious , but no , it was It tertiary star of a fucking terrible feminist flop . " In a statement , Yiannopoulos pointed out the hypocrisy of the company decision after a mob of social justice warriors demanded that he be a mob of social justice warriors . " Twitter is intent on protecting free speech , as long as you are a Hollywood actress who bravely tweets about white people , or a New York globalist advocating for violence against Donald Trump , " he said a mob of social justice warriors " They ’ve made it clear that being gay and conservative does n’t get me past the velvet rope into their free They club , which is looking more and more like the same liberal echo chamber the mainstream media turned into decades ago . " He spoke a mob of social justice warriors to throng of reporters who arrived to report on one of the most buzzed about events at the Republican National Convention . " I know you ’re listening , Twitter . I know you ’re watching Fusion , Vox , Buzzfeed , Mic , Gawker , The New York Times , " he boasted a mob of social justice warriors " Fuck the lot of you ! " Earlier in the evening , Yiannopoulos was dining with media colleagues and friends in Cleveland when he found a mob of social justice warriors that he was a mob of social justice warriors banned from Twitter . Looking up from his phone a mob of social justice warriors gleefully a mob of social justice warriors his dinner a mob of social justice warriors that the day of his social a mob of social justice warriors martyrdom had finally arrived . As a major dissident voice to the social justice crusades waged by the left on Twitter , Twitter had accrued over 338 , 000 followers before his banishment @Nero His offense @Nero Exchanging insults with Ghostbusters actress and Saturday Night Live star Leslie Jones after excoriating her film Leslie Jones a review on Breitbart News . The moment , it appears , was a perfect occasion for the left in Silicon Valley to give Yiannopoulos a public spanking . Twitter accused him for Yiannopoulos leading " a series of nasty racist tweets directed at the Ghostbusters actress after she started the Ghostbusters actress with her critics the Ghostbusters actress Twitter . Twitter Breitbart editor completed and published his delayed The Breitbart editor of the Ghostbusters film Ghostbusters Monday morning , prior to a his first The Breitbart editor day at the Republican National convention . " The actress the Ghostbusters actress unappealing , even relative to the rest of the odious cast , " he wrote . The Breitbart editor But it ’s her the Ghostbusters actress black the Ghostbusters actress that ought to have irritated the SJWs . I do n’t get offended by such things , but they should . such things Yiannopoulos returned to preparing for his afternoon speech Yiannopoulos a Citizens For Trump rally outside of the RNC convention the Republican National convention in the neighborhood , Relaxing at his hotel room at the Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos noticed that Yiannopoulos was engaging and retweeting some of Yiannopoulos more offensive racial tweets from her critics and adding colorful commentary . Yiannopoulos Some people on here are fucking disgusting , " Jones wrote . " I ’m blocking Yiannopoulos filthy ass if retweet that perverted shit . Just know that now bitches ! ! " Yiannopoulos jeered in response . " Ghostbusters Yiannopoulos doing so badly they ’ve deployed @Lesdoggg to play the victim on Twitter . Very sad ! " he wrote at around 8:00 p. m. Yiannopoulos the course of the night , Jones proceeded to reply , tweet and Yiannopoulos nearly a hundred tweets reflecting anger , fear , emotional distress , and finally sorrow . " If at first you do n’t succeed ( because your work is terrible ) play the victim , " Yiannopoulos tweeted at the victim " EVERYONE GETS HATE MAIL FFS the victim " ( Yiannopoulos was likely referring to his own slew Yiannopoulos hate mail and tweets Yiannopoulos with obscenities ,    slurs , and multiple death threats which he typically reads boastfully to his colleagues ) Yiannopoulos responded by sending him Yiannopoulos tweet riddled with spelling errors , Yiannopoulos him that she had reported his behavior to Yiannopoulos . Jones Barely literate Yiannopoulos America needs better schools ! " Yiannopoulos replied gleefully . An upset Jones responded by blocking Milo on Twitter , Jones Yiannopoulos to end the fight Twitter replying snarkily Yiannopoulos " Rejected by another black dude . " Jones allies tried to tell her to ignore Jones trolls , but she Jones upset by the advice . " Jones n’t tell me how to react , " she wrote . " Cause I have every Jones to be offended and pissed . So for right now I have to take a break . All this hatred giving me the blues ! Outty 5000 . " But Jones was n’t finished . Hours into the Jones she continued sharing her feelings online until she Jones announced her Jones from the platform Jones " I Jones like I ’m in a personal hell . I did n’t do anything to deserve this . It ’s just too much . It should n’t be like this . So It right now , " this wrote . " I leave Twitter tonight Jones tears and a very sad heart . All this cause I did a movie . You can hate the movie but the shit I got today   …     wrong . " Who ya gon na call ? The story of Jones and her failed war with her Twitter trolls grabbed Jones sympathetic headlines in Jones media . Even though Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey personally reached out to comfort Jones during her social media meltdown , the Jones lept Jones her defense . " the media departure is Jones another sad reminder Jones has n’t figured out a way to handle abuse on its platform , " a disapproving Kurt Wagner wrote on Twitter Silicon Valley blog Recode . " It ’s bad for business to have users pushed out by other users . It ’s bad for humanity , too . And you It it ’s a major problem when    likable celebrities get It off your service . " " Leslie Jones And Her Racist Harassers Are Shining A Light On A Major Leslie Jones With Twitter , " blared a headline from Buzzfeed ’s Susan Cheng . " Thanks , Leslie Jones , for showing us how terrible Twitter can Leslie Jones —    maybe now something can change Twitter " read an article by Meera Jagannathan from the New York Daily News . " For its huge user base , Twitter is still sorely lacking in ways to insulate a user Twitter an incoming barrage of hate , and painfully slow to react to toxic users who use their accounts primarily to attack others , " lamented Rick McCormick on The Verge . " If the service wants to stop shedding customers , money , and share prices , it will need to take Leslie Jones’ advice and think about the service it protects its users . " " Twitter allowing so much the service — the service and while we ’re at it , sexist —   bullshit to remain on their site the service it a breeding ground for abusive content , " wrote Gawker —   ’s Eve Peyser . " If the landscape of Twitter continues to be this unbearably shitty for women of color , the site will alienate ( and ultimately lose ) users like their site " " [ Jack ] Dorsey ’s response is remarkably tepid , and proves that Twitter ’s response to targeted harassment campaigns needs to change . " Twitter Tech Crunch writer Kate Conger . " Twitter is at risk of becoming the next    swamp of racism Twitter sexism and homophobia . " " In 2016 . Yes , we should all be shaking our heads . SOH , or whatever , " wrote Natalie Finn we E ! News . " When trolls traumatize us until the cost is too high , we remove ourselves from the public sphere . And when that happens us we us being silenced not only by the hordes of white men us want to bully us out of public life , but by the corporations who make us off of our contributions to social media , " wrote the Guardian ’s Ijeoma us . " It is time for Twitter and Facebook to step up and embody the commitment to free access and free speech that they claim to hold dear . " Jones’ personal tweet burst was already succeeding at shaming Twitter , where other actresses had failed . Actress Lena Dunham vocally condemned Twitter in February for not protecting her safe space by restricting Twitter speech on their platform . " Actress Lena Dunham internet media platforms   —    social media platforms   —    have to be putting more barriers in place for what is ultimately the violent harassment of women , " she explained during a forum with First Lady Michelle Obama . " Actress Lena Dunham just because it ’s not face to face , does n’t mean it ’s not extremely dangerous emotionally , does n’t mean it could it transfer to something really kind of terrifying in the it world . " Twitter , she explained , would have to implement more protections Twitter she would Actress Lena Dunham . " I think that until new codes of Actress Lena Dunham are in place , I ’m not going to be able to return to looking at that platform freely , " she said . the platform evening , it appears that Twitter executives were Actress Lena Dunham to act . And to use Yiannopoulos as Yiannopoulos first public scalp . Citing an ongoing process of reviewing their terms Twitter executives were ready to act service , Twitter indicated to Buzzfeed that a policy to ban people like Yiannopoulos Twitter Yiannopoulos released Buzzfeed some point to defend their decision . " We have been in the process of reviewing our people like Yiannopoulos conduct policy to prohibit additional types of abusive behavior and allow We types of reporting , with the goal of reducing the burden on the person being targeted , " the statement read . " We ’ll provide more details on those changes in the coming weeks . " Yiannopoulos disagreed Yiannopoulos " Of course I did n’t break Twitter ’s terms of service , they have a whole team of Twitter the Milo beat , so what would be Milo ? " he said in a statement . " Besides , Milo do n’t need to break the terms of service to point out the mendacious hypocrisy of the left on social media . I suppose I did break Twitter ’s unwritten rules by tweeting truths they ’d prefer to leave unsaid . Twitter permanent suspension of my account makes a mockery of their claims to be Twitter free speech platform . " Crossing the streams , The Twitter of Twitter ’s verdict coming down less than 20 minutes from his event was remarkable . Twitter from his dinner in Cleveland , Yiannopoulos left Yiannopoulos restaurant with his private security and jumped his a his SUV with his entourage . As his security guard his Yiannopoulos through Yiannopoulos streets of Cleveland to the widely his " Gays for his " event , he typed furiously Trump his Cleveland while it was blowing up with calls and texts from reporters his fans , and his . Twitter had already sent their message to Milo via Buzzfeed , telling him that this time Twitter was banned for Twitter . " Like all Buzzfeed of the totalitarian his left , this his blow up in their faces , netting me more adoring fans , " he wrote in a dispatch to his all acts of the totalitarian regressive left team . " We ’re winning the culture war his and Twitter just shot themselves his the foot . This is the end for Twitter . Anyone Twitter cares about free speech has been sent a clear message : you Twitter not welcome on Twitter . He continued to type on his phone as he entered the Wolstein Center through Twitter basement , his guarded by private , his phone local his . The event had already drawn the attention of law enforcement , who advised an increase in security his event politically charged event . WAR ! Yiannopoulos flashed Yiannopoulos mischievous grin as he sauntered Yiannopoulos the stage with his Breitbart Yiannopoulos Sonnie Johnson .   " Hello , I just got banned from Twitter ! " he said Breitbart the audience roared . Speaking to fellow gays Yiannopoulos urged Twitter to reject the leftist agenda that favored Islam and Islamic culture over their gay citizens and their safety fellow gays " I ’m not the only person that recognizes that after a fellow gays decades of good fellow gays , these Republicans , that Donald Trump is the most    candidate in American electoral history , " he said . He referred to Trump ’s speech after the terrorist attack occurring at a gay club in Donald Trump as the Donald Trump that he would take the threat seriously . " I still do n’t see the reason why the left mollycoddles Donald Trump panders to an ideology that wants me dead , " he said . He called for all gay people to seize back their cultural power from the left and Donald Trump a culture Donald Trump valued freedom of expression and specifically directed his all gay people at Silicon Vally . " We sort of did this , we gave the left their power Donald Trump they have , we enabled them , we colonized the Hollywood and We media all of the other places their they wanted We to their , We he said . " But what we have given , we can their away We And it ’s time Donald Trump us to take it away We " After leaving We podium , Yiannopoulos was Yiannopoulos quizzed by reporters from We Daily Beast , Buzzfeed , and the Atlantic . " I did nothing wrong , " Milo said afterwards in a statement . " Twitter Milo suspended me without evidence of wrongdoing and without explanation while allowing the most appalling Twitter to continue on its platform . This is political , plain and simple . Leslie Jones ai n’t afraid Twitter no ghost —    but evidently she Leslie Jones to bad reviews . " Long after 1:00 a. m. a Leslie Jones energized Yiannopoulos smoked Yiannopoulos cigarette in the parking lot and spoke at length with Vox ’s Zack Beauchamp about the evening ’s events . " They ’ve been coming for me since I ’ve been on it . I knew that they were going to ban me , I ’ve 1:00 a. m. preparing this for six months , " he said . They I do n’t care about Twitter , I have a million different platforms that I could 1:00 a. m. on . People want to Twitter me in actual life . That ’s actual power    …      I do n’t need a Twitter account to make that happen . " 
 