In a recent livestream , NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden stated that the solution to " fake news " was not censorship but critical thinking . [ Streaming via the Periscope app from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden Twitter account , Edward Snowden discussed with Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey claims that " fake news " helped to sway the election in favour of    Donald Trump . Facebook announced that Facebook would be partnering with ABC News , Politifact , and Snopes to label " fake news " on their platform . Edward Snowden stated that censorship was not the answer to the issue and that teaching people critical thinking would be much more beneficial .   " The problem of fake news is n’t solved by hoping for a referee but rather because we as participants , we as citizens , we as users of these services help each other , " said Snowden , " The answer to bad speech is not censorship . The answer to bad speech is more bad speech We have to exercise and spread the idea that critical thinking matters now more than ever , given the fact that lies seem to be getting very popular . " Snowden did not state whether or not Snowden believed the claims that " fake news " had swung the election in any way but rather pointed out the dangers of companies using terms like " fake news " to censor content with which they disagreed . Snowden stated companies using terms like "fake news" to censor content with which they disagreed rather than waiting for gatekeepers to define what is and is n’t " fake news , " people should have an open dialogue with each other and point out proven facts . Snowden has previously stated the people must stop relying on one source for all of their news . Speaking at the people ’s Real Future Fair , Snowden said , " There seems to be no alternative to the larger services . Because of this network effect , because the first mover advantage . When you get a Google or a Facebook or Twitter in place , they never seem to leave the people " Snowden said . " To have one company that has enough power to reshape the way we think , I do n’t think I need to describe how dangerous that is . " Watch a replay of Snowden ’s interview with Jack Dorsey here . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ Lucas Nolan email him at lnolan@breitbart . com Lucas Nolan 