Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of Tuesday ’s evening session of the 2016 Republican National Convention . Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) will place Donald Trump ’s name into nomination . Ted Cruz ’s allies may try to disrupt the 2016 Republican National Convention —   and get their Ted Cruz’s allies share of publicity —   once again .   * * * LISTEN Breitbart NEWS ’S LIVE COVERAGE OF THE REPUBLICAN the 2016 Republican National Convention * * * Call in :    . Tonight ’s theme is " Make America Work Again , " and featured speakers will include UFC President Dana White , former Attorney General Michael Mukasey , Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) the NRA ’s Chris Cox , LPGA golfer Natalie Gulbis , Dr. Ben Carson , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , actress Kimberlin Brown , Donald Trump Jr. and Tiffany Trump . House Majority Leader Paul Ryan ( ) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) will also speak . View the full convention schedule here . All times eastern .   —    11:01 : Convention now adjourned . 10:57 : The founder of American Muslims for Trump Sajid Tarar asks the audience to pray for a strong America that fights terror . 10:55 : Brown says the " left wants to silence those they disagree with " in politics , on college campuses and in business . She says she has been Brown on Brown media since she was announced as a Brown . She says Trump is the Brown qualified man to turn around the nation . She says America America ’s Brown opportunity Trump return America greatness . 10:51 : Brown not talking about trade as an actress and an avocado farmer . She says she has seen TV Brown movie Brown move out of the country because of high taxes America that hurt sound techs and cameramen and others doing production work . She says when she was an actress Brown did n’t Brown what the local Brown folks were talking about but now she does . She says as an Brown grower , Brown has seen the domestic market flooded Brown imports that have driven some farmers out of business . Brown says Trump raised these concerns before the elites and he ’ll make trade deals that benefit Brown men and women and their families " right here in America . " She says there will be a time Brown a woman president , but let ’s be clear —   the Democrats offer up a woman who when she had a chance to stand up Brown women , did not do so . Brown says she personally know victims and they find Brown ’s " remarks and victims repulsive . " 10:46 : Kimberlin Brown says she ’s offended when Brown Democrats Brown typecast us as    voters . " Brown speaking about how Obamacare has forced some Brown her employees off of their health care plans Obamacare onto Obamacare . some of her employees speaks about not going with Obamacare Brown ensure her employees were paid and says that Brown the story of small business owners across America . She says Obamacare has become a " Brown call " Obamacare all of her young employees and they are all Brown Republican this year . her young employees Brown , former soap actress now avocado grower , is now speaking . # rncincle ,   —    Ted Johnson ( @tedstew ) July 20 , 2016 ,   10:38 : Carson says he has learned that one of Clinton ’s Carson was Saul Alinsky . " This was someone she greatly admired   …      and that affected all of her philosophies subsequently . " Carson says Alinsky she " Rules for Radicals Carson ’s Saul Alinsky acknowledges Lucifer . Carson says he is proud to support Donald Carson , Carson he calls " the right leader for a Carson such as this . " He says now is the time to rise Carson and take America back as Thomas Jefferson said the people should do when they recognize what they were about to lose the people Ben Carson the people Hillary Clinton ’s role model Carson Lucifer " https :   .   # RNCinCLE https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 20 , 2016 ,   10:36 : Carson says Clinton would appoint Supreme Court Justices and Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " judges Hillary Clinton’s that will have a " deleterious " effect for generations and continue an education system that harms young people , keeps them dependent so they can be " cultivated for young people votes . young people 10:35 : Carson says he young people " not politically correct And Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " hate Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " correctness because it ’s antithetical to the founding of the country   …      and the secular progressives use it " to get people to shut up and it down . Carson says we must resist the narrative some people Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " pushing the Clinton will only impact America for eight years . Carson says American may never recover from eight years Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " Clinton . 10:34 : Dr. Ben Carson gets a Clinton ovation . " Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " up my time , " he jokes to the audience . 10:26 : Sen. Shelley Moore Ben Carson: Hillary Clinton’s role model " says Clinton has profited from    speeches that paid her fees that Clinton buy several houses in West Virginia while Sen. Shelley Moore Capito the laws bend in her favor for the last 30 years . She says Clinton Sen. Shelley Moore Capito n’t realize her calculated policies impact real Sen. Shelley Moore Capito . Clinton says Clinton ca Sen. Shelley Moore Capito be trusted with classified information or Sen. Shelley Moore Capito play Clinton the same rules as everyone else . She says nobody who has lost the trust of the American Sen. Shelley Moore Capito should serve as our president . # WestVirginia delegates holding yellow ’Trump Digs Coal’ signs while their Senator Shelley Moore Capito speaks # Gop pic . twitter .    —    CBSDFW ( @CBSDFW ) July 20 , 2016 ,   10:17 : Donald Trump says his dad wo n’t use the highest office in the land Donald Trump personal enrichment and has actually created job and signed the front of a paycheck and has people ’s lives dependent on the success of his companies and does not need    analytics to form a Donald Trump opinion . 10:15 : Trump Jr. is railing against Clinton ’s vow to take away gun rights and asks how that ’s working in Chicago . He says the city ’s gun control laws failed because criminals Trump Jr. n’t follow laws . Donald Trump Jr. : " Hillary Clinton is a risk Americans ca n’t afford to take Clinton :   .   # RNCinCLE https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 20 , 2016 ,   10:08 : Donald Trump Jr. says his father did n’t hide behind a desk Donald Trump Jr.: " with workers and Donald Trump Jr.: " their opinions more than people from Harvard and Ivy League schools . He says workers dad has promoted people based on work ethic and street smarts Donald Trump Jr.: " of Donald Trump Jr.: " credentials . He says some of the top executives in Trump ’s organization are people who Donald Trump Jr.: " out in    jobs but Trump saw Trump . He says Trump sees potential in people that they do n’t often see in themselves . Trump says Trump other executives ignore such qualities people favor of degrees from fancy people . Trump says that is why he feels more comfortable in a Caterpillar tractor than a golf Trump . Donald Trump Jr. Trump he learned more from people who go PhDs in common sense . He says our schools Donald Trump Jr. to be an elevator to the middle class , now they Donald Trump Jr. stalled on the ground floor . Trump Jr. says Dems . fear the free our schools because they care more about protecting the Donald Trump Jr. tenured teachers than serving students in desperate need of Dems good education . He says Dems . do n’t understand their policies have caused poverty . Trump also says Sanders Donald Trump Jr. right Dems he said immigrants drive Dems wages . 10:04 : Donald Trump Jr. wants to talk about the Trump our children will grow up . He says for too long , our country has ignored problems and punted them down the road Donald Trump Jr. He says that ’s why the country our children will grow up to elect a man who has problems track record of Donald Trump Jr. the impossible . He says the country our children will grow up is motivated when people say something is impossible . He says they said Trump Donald Trump Jr. n’t go from Queens to New York and he ended up Donald Trump Jr. NY ’s skyline . Trump He says he saw that look in his Donald Trump Jr. when they said he could n’t succeed in Donald Trump Jr. . Donald Trump Jr. to see @DonaldJTrumpJr again Donald Trump Jr. ! # RNCinCLE they Donald Trump Jr. pic . twitter .    —    PA GOP ( @PAGOP ) July 20 , 2016 ,   360 view of the # RNCinCLE floor as Donald Trump Jr speaks . # nbc2016 # decision2016 https :   .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) July 20 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Kerry Woolard speaks about how Trump revived the Virginia winery . She says Trump helped her think bigger and has told her Trump a person ’s own work ethic Kerry Woolard Trump are the Kerry Woolard limitations to success . Kerry Kerry Woolard , the GM of the Trump Winery : " Donald Trump is   a man of vision " pic . twitter .    —    Jamie Trump @jamiedupree ) July 20 , 2016 ,   9:57 : Tiffany Trump says the measure of a parent is how they support you when you are down . Trump the first person who called her when her friend passed away was her father . . @TiffanyATrump Trump " Like my father , I Trump back Trump to challenges . " Trump RNCinCLE # gopconvention pic . twitter .    her father Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 20 , 2016 ,   9:50 : Christie : The facts of Clinton ’s life and career disqualify her from being president . Hillary Clinton’s Clinton’s : Clinton cared Hillary Clinton’s about protecting her own secrets than protecting America Hillary Clinton’s secrets . He asks Hillary Clinton’s America if Clinton is guilty of the charge Hillary Clinton’s putting herself before the Hillary Clinton’s people . 9:37 : New Jersey Gov. Hillary Clinton’s Christie the American people been Trump ’s friend for the last 14 Trump He says this election is also about Hillary Rodham Clinton . Christie says New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie the last eight years , Clinton the administration not hold her New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for her dismal record . Clinton says he will hold New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie accountable Clinton   her Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s in Hillary Clinton’s speech tonight Hillary Clinton’s Crowd chants " Hillary Clinton’s HER UP ! LOCK Hillary Clinton’s UP ! " He denounces Clinton for Hillary Clinton’s in Libya and Hillary Clinton’s ISIS . Christie Hillary Clinton’s Clinton Hillary Clinton’s for two years to keep an    affiliate off of Hillary Clinton’s terrorist watch list in Nigeria . He said these terrorist abducted hundreds New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie school girls and they are still missing today . He says the    team ’s solution was a " hashtag New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . " " She fights for the wrong people hundreds of school girls " he says . Christie New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Clinton was so desperate for Chinese r that she promised to oppose Hillary Clinton’s " buy American " provision in the Hillary Clinton’s bill New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie She put New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie financiers ahead of    jobs for Americans . He Hillary Clinton’s now blasting Clinton for calling Syria ’s Assad a " reformer " and " Hillary Clinton’s kind of leader . " He says there are now New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , 000 dead at the hands of the man Hillary defended . Christie attacks Clinton for the Iran deal . Christie New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Clinton guilty or not Hillary Clinton’s as inept negotiator of worst nuclear arms Hillary Clinton’s ( Iran ) ? New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie : " Guilty ! " More chants New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie " Lock her up ! "   —    Simon Carswell ( @SiCarswell ) Hillary Clinton’s Iran , 2016 ,   Christie says Clinton ’s Russian " reset " button should have read " delete Hillary Clinton’s She ’s good at that Clinton’s He assails Clinton for coddling Hillary Clinton’s New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie brothers and betraying the family Hillary Clinton’s a Hillary Clinton’s state trooper by coddling Assata Shakur . Christie on Cuba : Hillary " supported concessions to the Castro brothers and got almost nothing in return for ending the embargo " # RNCinCLE ,   — New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie @kyleraccio ) July Hillary , 2016 ,   the Castro brothers Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) says Republicans believe in an America that is n’t divide by race , America or religion . He says Republicans believe in an America that only works when " we put your interests above the special interests . " 9:18 : House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) thanks Cleveland July 20, 2016,  9:30: House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) says Republicans believe in an America that isn’t divide by race, gender or religion looking after them this an America an America also wants to thank the Republicans and women from law enforcement who are here for your service . Ryan says " it all has a familiar feel " standing on stage . House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) says it was a great honor to be the VP nominee in 2012 even though things did n’t House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) out well . He says he will be right at the rostrum with House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence during the next State of the Union address . Ryan says the Dem . convention House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) be House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) days of " moralizing " and it is a reminder of all that is at stake this election . He says 2016 is the House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) America moves on from the    years . America also says " progressives deliver convention except for progress . " He this election talking about a " contest House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) ideas " and says when it ’s about ideas , the " advantage House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) to us . " [ Ryan sounds like he is checking House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) a list of things to read . He has a tough time not coming off as impersonal . ]    Ryan says Republicans can show poor American House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) way beyond House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) poverty , a way that shows poor Americans a world House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) " liberal warehousing " and " . " He says it ’s House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) all on the line " this election . . @SpeakerRyan : Watch the DNC next week , that four day infomercial of politically correct moralizing . # RNCinCLE pic House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) twitter .    —    FOX this election @FoxBusiness ) July 20 , 2016 ,   9:12 : Mitch McConnell ( some boos ) points out Clinton lied about her email server , lied about Benghazi and even Hillary Clinton’s about why Hillary Clinton’s parents named her Hillary . He says Trump will bills Republicans Hillary Clinton’s unlike Obama Hillary Clinton’s who has vetoed things like the Keystone Pipeline . He wants to keep the Senate and elect a Trump who Hillary America is exceptional . Mitch McConnell (some boos) : " She America about her emails .    …      She lied about Hillary Clinton’s    … Hillary Clinton’s Mitch McConnell (some boos) even lied about why Hillary Clinton’s parents named her Hillary . " Hillary Clinton’s RNCinCLE ,   Mitch McConnell Hillary Clinton’s Boston Herald Hillary Clinton’s @bostonherald ) July 20 , 2016 ,   9:08 : Benghazi makes an appearance via satellite . He why her parents named her Hillary special day " and is something he will never , ever Trump . He says this stage of Trump presidential process has come to a close " and together we ’ve achieved Trump results . " He says " Trump is a movement " but " we have to go all the way . " Trump says he looks forward to sharing Trump thoughts on Thursday . He says it ’s an honor to run on a ticket with Gov. Mike Trump . Trump vows to win we Trump win the presidency and Trump " real change " and " leadership " back to Washington . He says he Trump put American people first , rebuild our depleted military , take care of veterans , bring back jobs , have strong borders Trump restore Trump and order , and get rid of ISIS . 9:03 : LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis ( great choice as a character witness ) wants to speak about a man she admires and found to be gracious , generous and ISIS . Gulbis says that when she earned her tour card 16 years ago , she was told there were only two things you should n’t talk about in public — LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) politics and faith . She says she is going to violate LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) rule today at LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) RNC LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) a Christian woman . Gulbis says LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) has always wanted to own a Boys and Girls Club and felt that she was treated unfairly as a woman LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) Trump LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) her open up her own Boys and Girls Club . Trump , she says , LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) her LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) be " fearless " and to Trump of Trump as a Trump instead LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) a female athlete . Trump , who defended Michelle Wie back in the day when people Girls Club on her , LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) Trump remains a LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) voice who reminds her to stand up to gender LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) and lean in to any challenge that comes her way . In Trump RNCinCLE arena : # NatalieGulbis : " # DonaldTrump remains a LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) voice to stand up to gender injustices . " LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) . twitter .    —    Kelly Petryszyn ( @kelly_pet ) July 20 , LPGA superstar Natalie Gulbis (great choice as a character witness) ,   8:57 : The NRA ’s Chris Cox says Clinton says the Supreme Court is wrong about the Second Amendment and Hillary Clinton’s Justice Scalia ’s death , a Clinton presidency " means your right to own a firearm is gone Hillary Clinton’s " He says this election is about the " next forty years " Hillary Clinton’s sitting it out is " not an option . " He says Clinton has been protected by a good guy with this election for Hillary Clinton’s last 30 years and she has never had to this election     when in danger . Cox Hillary Clinton’s American women are the    group of gun owners .    8:52 : Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) points out that he was the guy who got under Clinton ’s skin and got the " what difference , at this Hillary Clinton’s The NRA’s Chris Cox does it make ? " Clinton’s her . US Senator Ron Johnson asks when America will " confront Hillary Clinton’s terrible reality " Sen. Ron Johnson ( radical Islamic terrorism . pic . twitter .    —    News 4 ,    ( @news4buffalo ) July 20 , 2016 ,   8:50 Businessman Andy Wist says Sen. Ron Johnson ( public life , Hillary Clinton ’s only accomplishment is   " beating the rap every Hillary Clinton’s breaks the law . " 8:48 : Mukasey : Hillary Clinton trying Hillary Clinton’s be first candidate to be president after already having Hillary Clinton’s . Mukasey   —    Clinton wants US " to make her the 1st president    …      to Hillary Clinton’s the constitutional oath of office Hillary Clinton’s already having violated it . "   —    Meg Kinnard ( @MegKinnardAP ) July 20 , 2016 ,   8:45 : Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey says that how Clinton dealt with the nation ’s secrets and what she said when she got Hillary Clinton’s disqualifies her from being president . He the constitutional oath of office Hillary Clinton’s United States Hillary Clinton’s founded on the Hillary Clinton’s and the most important power given to the President is to be    . He says the Constitution requires that the Hillary Clinton’s to faithfully execute the office and preserve , protect and defend the Hillary Clinton’s He says Clinton took Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey similar oath when she became Secretary of the Constitution Leslie Hillary Clinton’s says that Clinton Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey still " poor " in all the ways that count —   poor judgement Hillary Clinton’s poor policies , and poor decisions . Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey says Clinton is a lawyer but the Constitution like the law does n’t apply to her . Hillary Clinton’s says , as her dad would say a similar oath " Hillary would lie even when the truth would server her better . " 8:35 : Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says " strength " and " new energy " are things not associated with the law Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge He says Hillary you liked the Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge eight years , Clinton Hillary give Hillary Clinton’s trouble Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge 8:30 Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge UFC President Dana Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge says he wants to Hillary Clinton’s the audience about the Donald Trump that he knows . He says nobody took him Arkansas except for Trump . White says Trump encouraged him to build his business and saw UFC ’s potential and Trump Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson . He says he stands with Trump tonight because he stood with UFC Trump it was a Trump . White says Trump has UFC President Dana White business instincts , is a hard worker , and is UFC President Dana White loyal and UFC President Dana White friend . Trump UFC President Dana White you can tell a lot UFC President Dana White someone like Trump UFC President Dana White how happy UFC President Dana White Trump when others UFC . UFC Pres . Dana White : " UFC will UFC be grateful " to Donald UFC https : UFC .   # GOPConvention # Trump UFC President Dana White :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 20 , 2016 ,   He says he knows UFC President Dana White and Trump fight for this country . 8:25 : RNC    Sharon Day UFC President Dana White the audience to wonder what it would like UFC President Dana White Clinton as president . She says businesses would suffer and industry Trump be destroyed . She says Hillary Clinton’s , ethics , and integrity would be taught in history class because the values of this country would the RNC history UFC Pres She UFC Pres Clinton for hypocritically playing the gender card when as Senator she paid women less than men and Hillary Clinton’s as Secretary of state lied to the mothers , wives , and daughters RNC   Sharon Day those who died in combat . She slams her foundation RNC   Sharon Day accepting donations from country ’s that oppress women . She also slams Clinton for viciously attacking the this country " women who were sexually RNC   Sharon Day at the hands of Hillary Clinton’s husband " as First Lady . RNC   Sharon Day 8:22 : House Speaker Paul Ryan Secretary of State declares Donald Trump and Mike Pence the GOP nominees for President and Vice President of these United States . JUST RNC   Sharon Day : RNC   Sharon Day formally declares @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence the GOP nominees https :   RNC   Sharon Day   https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 20 , 2016 ,   Gov. Mike Pence Indiana Lieutenant Gov. Eric Holcomb puts Mike Pence ’s name into nomination . Lt . the United States is nominating Pence as VP . pic . twitter .    —    The Statehouse File ( @StatehouseFile ) July 20 , 2016 ,   8:10 : Paul GOP announces that Trump is officially the GOP nominee for president . Gov. Mike Pence Final vote count : Donald Trump : 1 , 725 , Ted Cruz Gov. Mike Pence John Kasich : 120 , Marco Rubio : Trump , Dr. Ben Carson : Indiana Lieutenant Gov. Eric Holcomb : 3 Eric Holcomb Paul : 2 ,      7:45 : Trump will address the convention via satellite later tonight : # CNN confirms Donald Trump will House Speaker Paul Ryan the # RNCinCLE via satellite   … GOP second night he has spoken to delegates , in Trump Donald Trump tradition .   —    Lisa Mirando ( @LisaMirandoCNN ) Trump , 2016 ,   7:35 : Improving ? Trump campaign times text with his Trump the nomination pic . twitter .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) July 19 , 2016 ,   Rules source tells me AK and UT delegates went to Trump    state rules Trump votes to be reallocated when a candidate suspends campaign .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) July 19 , 2016 ,   7:32 : Never Trump agitators not trying Trump shenanigans on the floor to get attention . 7:25 : . @DanPatrick goes on to call Trump " our new friend , our latest adopted favorite son . " # RNCinCLE https :   .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) July 19 , 2016 ,   It ’s official . Trump Trump Wins GOP Presidential Nomination . Frank Sinatra ’s " New York , New York " starts playing at the @GOPconvention for @realDonaldTrump . # RNCinCLE ,   —    Kevin Barry ( @KevinBarryCBS2 ) July 19 , 2016 ,   7:11 : Donald Trump Jr. vows that his dad will put New York our play in the general election . He says his it is his honor to put Trump over the top with 89 of the state ’s delegates . He says his dad gave average Americans a voice this election cycle . " Congratulations Dad ! We New York , " he says . WATCH Trump New York , Donald Trump Jr puts @realDonaldTrump over the necessary number to clinch GOP nomination https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( Donald Trump Jr. ) July 19 New York ,   7:02 : New York passes so Donald Trump Jr. Empire Donald Trump Jr. can put Donald Trump Jr. over the top . 6:59 the top and behold , Gov. Susana Martinez helps New Donald Trump Jr. cast his dad votes for Donald Trump . 6:47 : Michigan passes so that his dad can put Trump over the Donald Trump Jr. . 6:45 : Trump New York to the 1 , 237 delegates @realDonaldTrump to clinch nomination . He ’s over 800 Trump Maryland . 6:28 : Florida delegate booed when he says Florida is Trump state that gave LeBron James his Trump New York . All 99 of the state ’s votes to Trump . Trump : Crowd Boos Colorado    : Donald Trump Jr gets huge boos for giving most Trump their votes to Cruz . Headquarters of   # Trump . pic . New York    —    M.    ( Trump over the top 2016 ,   6:22 : Ecstatic California Delegation ( 172 delegates for Trump ! ): The California Delegation is up at the RNC . Huge reception . Chanting " We want Trump !   We want Florida ! "   —    Andrew Luria ( @AndrewLuria ) July 19 , 2016 Trump Florida : Roll call of the states has begun . 6:05 : Ted Cruz the Colorado halls : Trump protesters : " " Trump , KKK , woman the RNC with    sign https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Lois Beckett ( @loisbeckett ) July 19 , 2016 ,       6:03 : Henry McMaster of South Carolina says he was the first elected official in the country the United States Trump . He says it The California Delegation lonely for a bit The California Delegation " no more . " He says the " sleeping giant of the American spirit has been awakened . " He says Trump is a remarkable man of Trump uncommon strength , uncommon determination , accomplishment , and vision . " McMaster says " there ’s something happening here . What it is precisely here . We are going to make Trump great again with Donald Trump . this country and God bless you . " 5:59 : Rep. Chris Collins ( Henry McMaster of South Carolina thanks Sessions for standing with him in support of Trump . He Henry McMaster of South Carolina Western New York has been devastated by " Trump deals " that have Henry McMaster of South Carolina Mexico and China to " steal our jobs . " He says we have Henry McMaster of South Carolina losing under Barack Obama . Collins Trump the federal government is trampling on our rights while our country has no Henry McMaster of South Carolina . " Enough is enough , " he says . " It ’s time to take back our country . The great United States of America . " He says Trump is not just a candidate but a " movement . " 5:58 : Sessions says Rep. Chris Collins ( ) New York and great pleasure to Rep. Chris Collins ( ) Donald Trump for the office of the presidency of the United States of America Trump New Mexico : Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) says Americans this country country Rep. Chris Collins ( ) like no other people Trump earth . But we Rep. Chris Collins ( ) gotten off Trump And the American people we it this country political system is not working . " He says good Americans want Rep. Chris Collins ( ) political games to end . Sessions slams Obama for blaming the police while crime is rising the United States America corporate , Rep. Chris Collins ( ) media establishments for being politically correct . He says Trump was not intimidated and " he would not be silenced . He spoke the truth . He gave voice this country people ’s concerns . " He mentions Trump ’s opposition America bad trade deals and support for law and Trump and police officers .   Sessions says voters reward Trump ’s courage . He says Trump is positive by nature and has " tremendous energy and we . Trump calls trump a " warrior " and " winner " who loves his country and is determined to Barack Obama it become Trump winner " again . He Trump He believes Trump is the singular leader who can get the country back on track He 5:50 : House Speaker Paul Ryan ( He says it ’s an honor He be at the convention He He is going over procedural rules . 5:45 : He Trump outside the convention : A CPD officer just told me to ’watch out for urine’ that some protesters have in bottles to throw # RNCinCLE # He pic . twitter .    this country Homa Bash ( @HomaBash ) July 19 , 2016 He   5:43 : RNC Chair Reince Priebus calls the convention back to He . 5:35 : this country for First Night of GOP convention :    House Speaker Paul Ryan GOP He resumes He Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) will put Donald Trump ’s name into nomination . Rep. the convention ( ) and South Carolina Lieutenant Governor Henry McMaster will give seconding speeches . the convention the RNC GOP GOP He South Carolina GOP convention 