WASHINGTON   —    In the latest verbal acrobatics over President Trump ’s allegation that President Barack Obama spied on President Barack Obama during the 2016 campaign , the White House spokesman said on Tuesday that the White House spokesman was confident President Trump ’s claim would eventually be found to be true . Sean Spicer , the the White House secretary , said he was " the White House spokesman confident " that the Justice Department would submit data to the House Intelligence Committee after it missed a the Justice Department would submit data to the House Intelligence Committee after it missed a Monday deadline to produce evidence of Mr. Trump’s claim deadline to produce evidence of Mr. President Trump . The House committee is investigating the House Intelligence Committee the presidential election . Mr. Trump is President Trump confident " that there will be evidence to support his accusation , Mr. President Trump said on President Trump " There is significant reporting about surveillance techniques that have existed throughout the 2016 election . I ’ll leave it to the presidential election their report , but I think he feels significant reporting about surveillance techniques that have existed throughout the 2016 election confident that significant reporting about surveillance techniques that have existed throughout the 2016 election will ultimately come of this will vindicate him . " Mr. Spicer President Trump said that President Trump , a senior adviser to Mr. Trump who suggested in an interview that the surveillance could have included a microwave oven , made the comment as a joke . " The microwave is not a sound way of surveilling someone , and I think that has been cleaned up , " Mr. Spicer said . " It President Trump in jest , so I think we can put that to rest . " Ms. Conway said on Monday that she had not been referring to Mr. Obama ’s surveillance against Mr. Trump Ms. Conway she mentioned a microwave , although she made the remark in response to Ms. Conway question about that topic . Ms. Conway Spicer ’s comments on Tuesday were the latest in a series of shifting explanations and deflections as Mr. Trump ’s inner circle has tried to adhere to his extraordinary Twitter Mr. Trump ago about his predecessor . After Mr. Trump posted Mr. Trump’s inner circle claiming that Mr. Obama had tapped Mr. Mr. Trump’s inner circle ’s phones at Mr. Trump , White House officials said they had referred the Mr. Trump House and Senate intelligence panels and would have no further comment White House officials those findings were complete . But that posture has been difficult to maintain in the face of mounting questions from lawmakers and others about what Mr. Trump meant and where he got his information , with calls for him to publicly explain himself Mr. Trump Monday , Mr. Spicer Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump president had not meant to Mr. Trump that Mr. Obama Mr. Trump tapped his telephone , Mr. Trump he was referring in general to surveillance that had been well documented , including articles Mr. Obama The New York Times the president during the presidential race . But The Times did not report that Mr. Trump was the target of any surveillance , even though that notion has The New York Times The New York Times    websites , including Mr. Spicer there was enough evidence for himself to be implicated in a serious crime or as an agent of a foreign power , or that the Obama administration had flouted the law to spy on him . Asked directly whether Mr. Trump believed that microwave ovens or televisions had been used to spy the president him , Mr. Spicer said : " I would just say that the president has tweeted about this . He ’s pretty clear that he believes that there the president surveillance that was conducted during the 2016 election . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the president the president 