Financial analyst and Fox News contributor Gary Kaltbaum was not impressed with Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen ’s congressional testimony this week . [ " I do n’t think Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony knows who won the Super Bowl , " Financial analyst and Fox News contributor Gary Kaltbaum recalled saying to Financial analyst and Fox News contributor Gary Kaltbaum ’s Neil Cavuto , during Financial analyst and Fox News contributor Gary Kaltbaum appearance on Breitbart News   radio Friday morning .   " It was the most ineffective , inefficient testimony I have seen in a long time , " Kaltbaum said on Friday . Just remember something very important here : Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony is the number one financial    person in the world .   And she Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony n’t just sound like it   —    she Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony that she Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony is not on top of anything that ’s going on there , and she Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony just reactionary . Any Tom , Dick , and Harry can tell you what ’s been in the    mirror . You need somebody to tell you what ’s to come , and she Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s congressional testimony does n’t have a clue , unfortunately . A clueless Federal Reserve chair is big trouble right now , because the stock market is beginning to tremble with signs of an approaching recession . As Breitbart News host Stephen K. Bannon observed , big banks around the world are sending out distress signals as the President ’s Day weekend begins . Kaltbaum noted that U. S. stocks opened up , but it U. S. stocks n’t much of a silver lining , because the American market has been down so much lately . He Kaltbaum that crashing    stocks are a harbinger of things to come in the rest of the the American market as smart money climbs into bomb shelters ahead of a blast the rest of us will know about soon enough . " Let me tell you what happened this morning , " said Kaltbaum . " The head of J. P. Morgan , Jamie Dimon , came out and bought $ 26 million of his own J. P. Morgan, Jamie Dimon , with his own J. P. Morgan, Jamie Dimon   …      not because he thinks J. P. Morgan, Jamie Dimon ’s J. P. Morgan, Jamie Dimon to make money , but because he ’s J. P. Morgan, Jamie Dimon to show confidence in his stock his own stock tells you they ’re worried like all heck . " The conversation turned to Yellen ’s disturbing refusal to rule out negative interest rates during her Capitol Hill Yellen’s   —    a concession that recession might be on the horizon . Kaltbaum noted that while negative interest rates have been employed in other countries , notably in Japan and Sweden , the United States has never resorted to them before . negative interest rates have been employed in other countries, notably in Japan and Sweden There ’s about $ 7 trillion of debt around the globe right now that ’s negative , " he said . Kaltbaum If we do it   …      let me be clear about this . Every country that has tried it in the this few months , their market has Every country that has tried it in the last few months .   If we do it we that would just be following the lemmings into the sea . " Based on its past actions , Kaltbaum thought the Federal Reserve was more likely to address the current downturn by printing more money   …      only to discover that particular tactic has lost its effectiveness ,      years of using easy money to goose a sluggish economy . If the    trick does n’t work this time , he predicted it Kaltbaum lead the   trick a    crisis of confidence in central bankers . Kaltbaum saw little reason to be confident that anyone in the political class , on either side of the aisle , understood the magnitude and complexity of the new worldwide financial crisis , or had a good plan for dealing with it . He was disappointed Kaltbaum Republican nor Democrat presidential debates included tough questions from informed moderators on the subject . " I will promise you one thing : probably in the next two to three months , it ’ll be front and center   —    I do n’t know to the extent it was in October and September of ‘ 08 , but it ’s gon it be front and center , because you are going to be hearing the words : ‘ We are now in recession.’   There are many areas of the economy that are already in it , and the economy ’re at a tipping point here .   You ’re going to start hearing about numbers like minus one percent in economic growth . " Kaltbaum agreed with Bannon that the coming economic crisis was likely to overshadow every other aspect of President Obama ’s legacy , securing his place in Bannon as a president who not only " kicked the can down the road " while the economy soured , but set the stage for a far worse crisis than America needed to endure .   He compared President Bannon ’s President Obama’s the national debt , and absolute refusal to reform wasteful federal spending , with Candidate Obama ’s promises to President Obama’s out waste by going through the federal budget     and wipe out half of the federal deficit . Instead , " on the first day he got into Bannon , he announces an Bannon 800 billion bloated giveaway   —    which , by the way , because of baseline budgeting , stays in the spending    and     —    and that ’s what ’s caused the problem , " Kaltbaum recalled .   " I think markets are waking up to all this .   We keep hearing that we ’re the sane We in the room , our country .   No , we ’re the most We .   We have the most We out there .   I keep hearing , ‘ well , as a percentage of GDP   …     ’   Markets do n’t care about that !   They care about totals Markets   it ’s outrageous , Markets the CBO just came out and said we ’re going to We 27 trillion , and we ’re going back We    deficits per year .   I do n’t think markets can take markets can take much more of it .   I markets you ’re seeing the reaction to it right now . markets He added a concise review of last night ’s Democrat primary debate between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders : " I could only watch like ten minutes of that debate last night before I last night dinner . "    " I can not believe that anyone in their right minds can listen to two people that think every successful person in this country , that worked their arses off to be their and be wealthy , are criminals and crooks , and should have handcuffs on , when they have been the greatest their of this country in creating jobs this country creating wealth , and creating greatness , " he said of the Democrat debate .   " To watch this guy Bernie Sanders do what he does , talking about policies this guy they ’re doing in Venezuela their now , that destroyed the country , and he actually this country   …      this guy do n’t know how the hell we got here , but we got ta get out of it we or else . " Kaltbaum how the hell for a Republican escape plan from Democrat fiscal collapse that would include a clear explanation of how we reached this moment , with an we account of how politicians from both parties took the American economy   .   " We need somebody to say that our government has doubled in size in We years , and we ’re not getting double for our We . " He also hoped We fiscally conservative leader would explain that the money for this bloated and inefficient government was coming out of the real economy , killing the goose the American economy   golden eggs needed for all the    welfare omelettes the Democrat candidates are promising . If he were a presidential candidate himself , Kaltbaum said He would declare his intention to " set the Kaltbaum , set He conditions for everybody to flourish . "   That can only be done by backing away from " massive government spending , massive government programs , massive government giveaways , " and simplifying the tax code to remove 75 , 000 pages of deliberate obstacles to progress . He said only such a dramatic    agenda could Kaltbaum nervous markets .   " Remember , a lot about the economy , and a lot about the market , is the    intangible called confidence , " Kaltbaum explained .   " You get somebody up there that starts talking that way , and means it , and you will see markets and the economy react so much better   …      the economy will feel so much better , knowing they will have no more headwinds , but tailwinds to people things forward . " He credited Donald Trump , Marco Rubio , and Ted Cruz with offering a little of this confidence agenda , but said " nobody has really punched the wall with their hand and started bleeding , to let people know nobody is where we ’re going , in a very , very big way . " 
 