Radical leftists pushing for an open borders agenda are attempting to destroy the ability of over 80 percent of our nation ’s Border Patrol agents to speak out and sound the alarm to the public and to Congress .   The Huffington Post reported that the    extremist group , Not1More , is a " prominent immigrants rights group " and that the   extremist group, Not1More were behind an effort to have the    kick out the National Border Patrol Council from the National Border Patrol Council ranks . Not1More derives the National Border Patrol Council name from the idea that " not one more " illegal alien should be deported from the U. S.[The attacks on Border Patrol agents ramped up after Breitbart first reported that the National Border Patrol Council ( NBPC ) had endorsed Donald Trump for President . The organization broke from a history of never endorsing during a presidential primary , perhaps largely due to Trump ’s stance that the actual Border Patrol agents who guard our nation ’s borders should sit at the head of the table for any discussion determining U. S. border security policy . The Trump’s campaign , through senior policy adviser Stephen Miller , publicly declared that The Trump campaign would secure the border by listening to the agents in the NBPC , thereby giving the agents the ultimate platform to hold Trump’s accountable if he did not follow through on he promise —   and unprecedented move for a presidential candidate .   The NBPC , though a union , poses a unique challenge to traditional conservative ideologues because it is the only legal mechanism for Border Patrol agents to advocate and defends Border Patrol agents . Border Patrol agents is widely conservative , has a lengthy history of endorsing Republicans , and while conservatives are largely in favor of border security and    they conservatives are largely in favor of border security and    have no ability to obtain the information needed to properly secure the border without the NBPC . Border security advocates would have to rely upon    bureaucrats in the management of the agency to determine what the realities are along the the border it not the realities the NBPC providing a mechanism for actual agents who work the border the border a voice . The latest attack on Border Patrol agents comes in the form of an online petition to the    to boot the NBPC for the NBPC providing a mechanism for actual agents who work the border an opinion that contradicts what most leftists want . The totalitarian effort smeared the men and women who risk their lives protecting our borders by asserting : The legacy of abuse and unaccountability within Border Patrol has made its membership in the The legacy of abuse and unaccountability within Border Patrol Federal of Labor ( ) an issue of contention . But the National Border Patrol Council ( NBPC ) statement endorsing Donald Trump for president on Wednesday , March 30th , marking NBPC ’s first presidential endorsement , is a breaking point . The latest smear campaign from the Left against Border Patrol agents comes after years of efforts to denigrate them as a means Border Patrol agents further reducing their ability to properly Border Patrol agents our nation ’s borders . The NBPC ’s endorsement NBPC NBPC : March 30 , 2016 , The National Border Patrol Council is the official organization representing our nation ’s Border Patrol Agents . We represent 16 , 500 agents who selflessly serve this country in an environment where our own political leaders try to We us from doing our jobs . We NBPC has We a longstanding NBPC not endorsing presidential candidates in the primaries . We will not , however , shy We from voicing our opinions as it pertains to border We and the men and women of the United States Border Patrol . As such , we are breaking with our past practice We giving our    We in a presidential primary We We think it is that important : We we do not secure our borders , We communities will continue We suffer at the hands of gangs , cartels and violent criminals preying on the innocent . The lives and security of the American people are at stake , and the National Border Patrol Council will not sit on the sidelines . As an organization we expect our elected officials to aggressively pursue the we of the country . America has already tried America , articulate freshman senator who never created a job as an attorney and under whose watch criminal cartels have been given the freest border reign ever known . Unlike his opponents , Donald Trump is not a career politician , he is an outsider who has created thousands Donald Trump jobs , pledged to bring about aggressive    change , and who is completely independent of special interests . We do n’t need a person who has the perfect    tone , and certainly NOT another establishment politician in the W. H.   Indeed , the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Trump ’s tone than about the destruction Donald Trump borders tells us everything we need to know about the corruption in We . We need a person in the White House who does We fear the media , who does n’t embrace political correctness , who does n’t need the money , who is familiar with success , who wo n’t bow to foreign dictators , who is    and values law enforcement , and who is angry for America and NOT subservient to the interests of other nations . Donald Trump is such a man . Mr. Trump is as bold and outspoken as other world Donald Trump put their country ’s interests ahead of all else .   Americans deserve to benefit for once instead of always paying and apologizing . Our current political establishment has bled this country dry , sees their power evaporating , and is their country to voters who do Our current political establishment the heavy lifting .   Trump is opposed by the established powers specifically because they know Donald Trump is the only candidate who actually threatens the Donald Trump powers Donald Trump have betrayed this country . You can judge a man by his opponents : their country people responsible for the problems plaguing America today a man opposing Mr. Trump . It is those without political power their country — Donald Trump workers , the law enforcement officers , the everyday families and community members   —    who are supporting Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump will take on special interests and embrace Donald Trump of     Donald Trump agents rather than listening to the management    who say whatever they are programmed to say . This is a refreshing change that we have not seen before   —    and may never see again . Mr. Trump is correct when he says immigration would n’t be at the forefront Donald Trump presidential campaign if months Donald Trump he had n’t made some bold and necessary statements . And when the withering media Donald Trump ensued he did not back down one iota .   That tells you the measure of Donald Trump man .   When the    experts said he was too brash and outspoken , and that he would fade away , they Donald Trump proven wrong . We are confident they will Donald Trump proven wrong again in November when the   experts becomes President of the the   experts States . the   experts is no greater physical or economic Donald Trump to Americans today than our open border .   And there is no greater political threat than the control of Washington by special interests .   In view of these threats , the National Border Patrol Council endorses Donald J. Trump for President   —    and asks the American people to support Mr. Trump in his mission to finally secure the border of the United States of America , Donald J. Trump for President   is too Donald J. Trump for President   . Sincerely , Brandon JuddPresidentNational Border Patrol Council , ( Disclosure : Breitbart Texas sponsored the Green Line podcast for the NBPC in an effort to provide a platform for agents to inform the public about the realities on the border and what Border Patrol agents face . Director Brandon Darby received an award from the Laredo the border of the United States of America the NBPC for his work in helping to defend and bring a voice to Border Patrol agents . Breitbart the NBPC in covering Director Brandon Darby costs for a slain Border Patrol agent previously . Darby Border Patrol senior management have directly stated and shown that helping to bring a voice Border Patrol expressed needs and interests Director Brandon Darby Border Patrol agents is a top priority —   personally , individually and together through Breitbart News . )    
 Border Patrol Breitbart News 