The mainstream media are satisfied with NBC News’ Lester Holt ’s performance as moderator at the first debate of the 2016 presidential contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . [ Lester Holt faced unrelenting pressure from the Hillary Clinton campaign and the liberal media to " " Trump   —    and Lester Holt did just that , serving as a Hillary Clinton campaign surrogate for most of the evening . And his press corps peers are pleased : Politico ’s Hadas Gold actually claimed : " Lester Holt stays out of the way . "   In reality , however , Holt Lester Holt even worse than CNN ’s Candy Crowley , who famously    Mitt Romney ( incorrectly ) in the second presidential debate in 2012 . Crowley only intervened once , while Holt Lester Holt five times to " correct " Trump Trump often with false information . The most egregious example was when Holt Lester Holt that New York ’s "   " policy had been declared unconstitutional . Trump pushed back , correctly noting that the courts had never settled the issue because New New York’s mayor , Bill de Blasio , had dropped the policy despite New York’s "  " policy that it had slashed crime New York’s "  " policy the city . Many of Holt Lester Holt questions for Trump Trump straight out of the Clinton campaign ’s talking points , setting up the Democratic nominee for a    ambush . He asked Trump Trump his tax returns and He Birther theory , and even cast Trump Trump criticism of Clinton as sexist . Holt Clinton asked Clinton about her emails , Clinton the Clinton terror attack , or about the Clinton Foundation . He Lester Holt pressed Trump on Trump Lester Holt about the Iraq War , never asking Clinton about her actual vote Clinton Gold Clinton that Holt Lester Holt asked Trump about Trump immigration Trump , either . But that was because when Trump tried Trump turn the conversation towards immigration , Hold turned it back to Barack Obama ’s birth certificate : TRUMP : Trump I want to get on to defeating ISIS , because I want to get on to creating jobs , because I want to get on to having a strong border , because I want to get on to things that are very important to me and that are very important to the country . HOLT : I will let you respond . It ’s important . But I just want to get the answer here . The birth certificate was produced Barack Obama’s birth certificate You ’ve continued to tell the story and question the president ’s legitimacy in 2012 , ’13 , ’14 , ’15   …      Moreover , as one observer noted , while Trump faced six    questions , Clinton faced none . It is true that Holt " stayed out of the way "   —    out of Clinton ’s way . But Holt did Clinton to make himself an Holt between Holt Trump and the Holt . He Trump credibility as a newsman , but Holt a Holt in journalism ’s    elite . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Holt 