Clark ’s presidential campaign in the California primary , has not spoken to the candidate in the two weeks since he has been hired , according to Donald Trump’s UK Guardian . Clark will only speak with Trump Thursday evening . [ " I Donald Trump n’t talked to him    …      There ’s been Clark you know , email traffic and things like that , " Clark said , when pressed by reporter Clark Lewis . Lewis also reports that Clark was not reporter Paul Lewis Trump campaign ’s Clark choice for the post in the decisive primary race .   Former Trump field director Stuart Jolly told the Donald Trump that Clark had already been ruled out for Clark role as " unqualified "   —    though others , including California Republican Party Chairman Jim Brulte , differs , saying Clark was " absolutely " qualified . Clark to Lewis , the Trump campaign considered two other options : Donald Trump operative Jimmy Camp , and former Arnold Schwarzenegger statewide director Kathy Tavoularis . Camp declined the job because of his Jimmy Camp to Trump , and Tavoularis Jimmy Camp passed over Donald Trump Trump ’s convention director , Paul Manafort Donald Trump ostensibly wanted " his people " in California . Clark , Jimmy Camp spoke exclusively with Breitbart News earlier in April to announce that the Trump campaign already had a list of " Donald Trump a thousand " potential delegates in California , is reportedly taking the controversy in California and making campaign plans . He is setting up the campaign ’s state headquarters in Sacramento , which allows the campaign to strike deep into territory otherwise the Trump campaign Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . In addition , he will be opening offices in five other regions He the state . The campaign is expected to be    in Los the Trump campaign and the Inland Empire suburbs , where Cruz had been polling well until recently , and where Republicans have been competitive in recent state and congressional races . Trump will address a rally in Orange County Thursday evening , and the California Republican Party convention on Friday in Burlingame .    
 