Actor Bryan Cranston says Actor Bryan Cranston will " definitely move " out of the United States if Republican Donald Trump wins the presidential election . [ " Absolutely , " Actor Bryan Cranston told The Bestseller Experiment podcast when asked if Actor Bryan Cranston ’d take an extended vacation to Vancouver if Republican Donald Trump wins . " I would definitely move . It ’s not real to Actor Bryan Cranston that that would happen . I hope to God that would happen wo n’t . "   " that would happen would n’t be a vacation , " the Breaking Bad star added . " I ’d be an expatriate . " Cranston did concede that a Republican Donald Trump presidency would capture the imagination of writers and filmmakers . " There will be books written , movies made , " Cranston said . " I ’m telling you , there will be theatrical productions about Republican Donald Trump because of the anomaly that he Cranston . " The Emmy    actor says it would be hard for him Cranston successfully portray Trump Republican Donald Trump film . " For me The Emmy   actor play someone like Donald Republican Donald Trump I would first need to have some time to calm down from him because Cranston do have a judgment of him , Cranston it ’s I do have a judgment of him impossible to play someone that you have a judgment on , because then you ’re slanted , " Cranston said . " I need to come at it from I do have a judgment of him place of neutrality so that I can build a character and justify what I say , what I do , at all times . It ’s hard for me to imagine trying to justify what this man Cranston and done . " A constant critic of the GOP White House hopeful , Cranston has called Cranston a " narcissist " who lacks the " qualities we want in a president . " In a promo for an upcoming appearance on BBC ’s Newsnight , Cranston predicted Trump Cranston lose Trump presidential election . " I do n’t think he ’s going Cranston win , " Cranston said . Cranston And I hope that when he loses , Cranston would do Cranston a huge favor if he just went Cranston . " TONIGHT : " Trump is a Trump tragic Shakespearean character "   —    # BreakingBad ’s @BryanCranston tells us what he thinks of @BryanCranston Trump pic Trump .    —    BBC Newsnight ( @BBCNewsnight ) October 31 , 2016 ,   Cranston is the latest celebrity to vow to leave the country if Trump is elected . Trump stars who have made similar promises include Miley Cyrus , Whoopi Goldberg , Samuel L. Jackson and Cher .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 