Facebook has come under heavy criticism after an iconic Vietnam War photo of a naked girl during a napalm attack has been banned from the platform . [ The problem arose when Norwegian author Tom Egeland was suspended from Facebook after Norwegian author Tom Egeland posted a series of war photos that included the iconic Vietnam War picture .   Epsen Egil Hansen , editor of the largest Norwegian newspaper , Afterposten , wrote an open letter attacking Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg after he Mark Zuckerberg forced by Facebook to delete the iconic image from his own Mark Zuckerberg Facebook , claiming that he is Mark Zuckerberg afraid " of Facebook Facebook increasing censorship . " Dear Mark Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg follow you on Facebook Facebook but you do n’t know me . I am     of the Norwegian daily newspaper Aftenposten . I am writing this letter an open letter attacking Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg you that I shall not comply with your requirement to remove a documentary photography from the Vietnam war made by Nick Ut , " wrote Hansen in his open letter . The Hansen that we remove the picture came in an    from Facebook Facebook office in Hamburg this Wednesday morning . Less than 24 hours after the    was sent , and before I had time to give my response , you intervened yourselves and deleted the article as well as the image from Aftenposten ’s Facebook Facebook . To be honest , I have no illusions that you will read this letter . The reason why I will still make this attempt , is that I am upset , disappointed   —    well , in fact even afraid   —    of what you are about to do to a mainstay of our democratic society . " I think you are abusing your power , " declared Hansen . " And I find it hard to believe that you have thought it through thoroughly . " it Prime Minister Erna Solberg also criticized Facebook for deleting the photo from her own page , claiming Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg " What they do in removing such pictures , whatever their reasons , is to they our common history . " Facebook has developed an increasingly Facebook standard for which images break their policy requirements and what Facebook are acceptable . The social network has taken a firm stance against harmless comedy meme pages , deleting and then reinstating the popular    page " Meninist , " removing    Clinton comedy pages , and even sanctioning page admins for uploading pictures of the rapper Drake morphed into a Nintendo 64 controller , forcing Facebook ’s top comedy creators to start a revolt against the social network . However The social network repeatedly refused to deal with Facebook violations of their policy , including a picture that Facebook a robed man beheading a police officer that was posted by a Black Panther page , and numerous pages threatening or calling for the execution of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Facebook have not yet commented on their Facebook against the Vietnam War photo Facebook Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 Facebook Charlie Nash 