Republicans are hoping a midwestern    wave can carry Donald Trump to the White House , and there ’s growing statistical and anecdotal evidence that Republicans hopes are justified . [ Nate Silver , the left ’s favorite polling guru , posted a chart on Sunday showing Donald Trump is doing far better in midwestern states than Gov. Mitt Romney did in 2012 .    Silver ’s analysis shows Donald Trump has gained 6 points over Gov. Mitt Romney in Ohio and Iowa , and has closed the gap with Hillary Clinton down to almost    levels in crucial Michigan and Pennsylvania .   That midwestern success is what gives Donald Trump a    chance of winning the election , said Silver . " Hillary Clinton underperforming Obama ’s 2012 forecast by * 4 points * in the Midwest . That ’s a major liability , " Hillary Clinton tweeted . On Sunday night , according to RealClearPolitics ’s average of polls , Hillary Clinton was ahead of Trump in Pennsylvania by just 2 . 4 points ( 46 percent to 43 . 6 percent ) and ahead in Michigan by 4 . 7 points ( 44 . 7 percent to 40 percent ) . A win in either state could be enough for Trump in Pennsylvania to win the election .   GOP leaders in Michigan and Pennsylvania have plenty of reasons for optimism , even as Trump in Pennsylvania is still lagging in the polls .   " I think what ’s happening is that you ’re seeing demographic shifts that cross state lines , " said Saul Anuzis , a former chairman of the Michigan GOP . This shift reaches across Michigan , Ohio , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , " he told Breitbart News . These    voters can be difficult to get to the polls , he he . " It is difficult to turn them These   voters [ on election day ] . But the fact that they These   voters willing to stand in line for hours [ at Trump rallies ] tells you something , " he he . " I would not be surprised if Trump won 40 states or lost 40 states   —    if the wave of blue collars comes out , I can see him he the states . " In a bus trip across the northern part of the state , GOP spokeswoman Sarah Anderson kept track of the lawn signs and posters . " It was all Donald Trump    …      I would say it was 99 to 1 [ and ] I think I saw six Hillary signs in our trek , " she Hillary Breitbart News . Compared to the Democrats , " there is a huge enthusiasm gap    …      everything is trending Trump Donald Trump   … the country , " she Hillary . Top GOP leaders are acting bullish . GOP GOP Reince Priebus says the polls in Michigan are tied . " We GOP chairman Reince Priebus invested over $ 100 [ million ] in data    …      predictive modeling tells us it predictive modeling tied , " claimed Priebus GOP chairman Reince Priebus without defining " tied . " Top Democrats are flying into Michigan Michigan Pennsylvania   —    not into Florida or North Carolina or Nevada   —    to keep the state blue throughout election day . On Sunday , Hillary Clinton was a church service in Philadelphia , declaring the race was about President Barack Obama . " This election is about doing everything we can to stop the movement to destroy President President Barack Obama , " she Hillary Clinton . On Monday , Clinton Hillary Clinton be in Grand Rapids and Obama will fly President Barack Obama the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . Trump is going to Scranton , Pa. on Monday and then Monday Grand Rapids in Grand Rapids a midnight Michigan .   On Sunday evening , Trump was at a Trump rally in Sterling Heights , Michigan . " Ocean Michigan people , " said a tweet from the Daily Mail ’s reporter . This is what it looked like when we entered the Freedom Hills Amphitheater where @realDonaldTrump speaks tonight . Absolute ocean of people pic . twitter .    —    David Martosko ( @dmartosko ) November 7 , 2016 ,   That huge audience echoes the GOP primary in Pennsylvania , which doubled in size to 1 . 6 million in 2016 , while voting at the Democratic primaries dropped a quarter , down to 1 . 7 million . The state does n’t have any early voting to reveal voters’ true preferences , but the two campaigns’ polls are causing the leaders to converge in the Keystone State .   The shift towards Trump is found in nearly every state from New York to Iowa , expect for Illinois , where Clinton has expanded Obama ’s winning margin in the diverse state from the Keystone State 2012 to a huge 11 . 5 percent advantage .   Just north of Pennsylvania , voters in New York ’s western districts are New York from Clinton . Siena has terrible numbers for Clinton in Upstate NY . Down 5 Clinton in # NY19 ( Obama   won by 6 % in ’12 ) . Down 14 % in # NY22 (   tied ) .   —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) November 6 , 2016 ,   This is unsettling for Clinton if that kind of underperformance is Clinton across the border in PA   elsewhere . https :   .    —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) November 6 , 2016 ,   Just west of Wisconsin , voters in Iowa have shifted sharply towards Trump , putting him 12 points ahead of Romney ’s Trump performance against Obama . In neighboring Minnesota , RealClearPolitics shows Trump is trailing by six points , Trump a state which Obama won by almost eight points . Obama of Ohio lies Indiana , where the RealClearPolling chart says Trump is ahead by 10 . 7 Trump , which is similar to Romney ’s 10 . 2 point win Romney Obama in 2012 . Just south of Obama , in Ohio , Trump surged by 3 points Ohio the Trump month ,   putting him level and Clinton , according to Trump RealClearPolling average .   Silver ’s calculations show Trump leading in Ohio by 2 . Trump points , Ohio though Obama won the state by 50 . Obama percent to 47 . 7 percent in 2012 . CBS reports that Trump surged by 5 points in the Trump four weeks .   Trump ’s deputies say Ohio ’s early Trump show a big Ohio Trump . 
 Trump 