Sharyl Attkisson talked to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle Friday about Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle new show , Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson , as well as current events and an extremely disturbing trend . Elites have become adept at controlling media narratives , going so far as to ostracize reporters who " veer " from a particular narrative : " It ’s certainly happening here in the United States , " said Sharyl Attkisson . [ Asked if American media appear to be aggressively pushing a particular narrative , specifically gun control in light of the recent terrorism in Orlando , Sharyl Attkisson said :   I think they ’ve been pushing narratives a lot for the last couple of years in a way I have n’t seen five years ago    …      ten years ago , for sure . It ’s almost like someone ’s given a license at the top . It used to be done kind of subtly , but now It ’s sort of encouraged . It ’s almost as if everybody ’s on the same page now . I think It ’s inappropriate . I think that different views should be represented . It does n’t have to be    every time that every story has to be given equal time . But over time , different views should be heard , and we just do n’t hear that anymore . " I just got back from a conference in Russia , of all places , where global journalists gathered to talk about this as a trend globally , where government interests , corporate interests , special interests have learned how to use the news media,"Attkisson said , " how to use social media to control the narrative in ways , I think , more aggressively than has ever been done before . " As for reporters , she asserted : When they veer from the narrative that ’s trying to be established by whatever power that exists , they ’re controversialized , they ’re bullied , they ’re driven out of the mainstream . this ’s a global trend . Whoever is trying to control the narrative has figured this out . they ’re applying similar techniques around the world , and this ’s certainly happening here in the United States . Concerning public safety , Attkisson recently reported on Full Measure that Cleveland appears to be completely unprepared to host the upcoming GOP convention : " The head of policing said they ’re not prepared they have n’t been trained . " Attkisson continued : There is a complete disconnect between what the city official said is the preparation level and what the police said is the preparation level , and The head of policing said he ’s worried his guys The head of policing going to The head of policing hurt , and they do n’t have the his guys they expect . They fully his guys they ’re his guys to be his guys with violent protesters because that ’s what ’s happened at other Trump events . So there ’s concern there . The full list of Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson shows can be found here . " There is fascinating stuff there you will not see on any other program , " said Attkisson . Breitbart News Daily Sharyl Attkisson on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 