Sen. Marco Rubio says Sen. Marco Rubio wants to start winning presidential primaries , but until some of Sen. Marco Rubio Republican rivals drop out , Sen. Marco Rubio sees the cluttered Republican field empowering Donald Trump in early states . [ In an interview with Breitbart News , Sen. Marco Rubio declined to predict victory in any upcoming primaries , but signaled optimism that more Republicans would coalesce behind Sen. Marco Rubio campaign .   " Obviously we want to do as well as we can everywhere and eventually we ’re going to have to start winning states , because they become     states where all of the delegates go to whoever the winner is , " Sen. Marco Rubio said in an interview earlier this week . As Trump leads the polls in South Carolina and other upcoming primary states , Rubio insisted there is n’t a looming sense of inevitability surrounding Trump after Rubio dominating win in New Hampshire . " I have n’t heard the sense that it ’s inevitable , I think there ’s the sense that Rubio ’s done well up to this point and will continue to do well as long as the field has five other people running , " Rubio said , when asked about Trump . " I think once the field narrows down , you ’re going to get a better sense of where this is headed . " For Rubio , the disappointment in New Hampshire is behind him . Rubio sees Rubio in South Carolina . After a strong debate performance in the New Hampshire week , Rubio campaigned hard Rubio Rep. Trey Gowdy and Sen. Tim Scott , two of South Carolina ’s favorite politicians . " Obviously we did n’t do as well in New Hampshire New Hampshire wanted to and we were disappointed about we , but I think that we came into South we working hard South Carolina a good debate , and has really felt like the momentum for us is back , " we explained , citing Rubio crowds of enthusiastic supporters . " We feel like we ’ve we the wind we our back now . " we endorsement from South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley South Carolina Rubio ’s political momentum Rubio state after Jeb Bush campaigned with his brother former president George W. Bush Bush state released South Carolina Trump leading with the state followed by Ted Cruz with 23 percent . Rubio was Bush at third Rubio 15 percent , and Bush had 13 percent . Gov. John Kasich and Ben Carson were tied with 9 percent . The results in South Carolina , Rubio predicted , might help South Carolina field making him much more competitive with Rubio and Trump . " Once we can get ourselves in a field that ’s narrower Ted Cruz the Bush is down to two or three we as opposed to six or seven people , I feel very good about our chances , " he said . " But Rubio do n’t know when that ’s we to begin , a lot of it depends on what happens here in South Carolina . " 
 that 