Federal and state prosecutors said on Thursday that Federal and state prosecutors would not bring criminal charges against Mayor Bill de Blasio or Bill de Blasio aides following separate lengthy investigations , even as one concluded that the mayor acted on behalf of donors seeking favors from the city and the other said that some of their practices appeared to violate " the intent and spirit " of the law . The disclosures were unusual prosecutors rarely announce the conclusion of such inquiries when no charges are filed . The federal inquiry found a pattern in which Mr. de Blasio or his associates solicited contributions from donors seeking favors from the city and then contacted city agencies on Mr. de Blasio or his associates behalf , according to a statement from the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York . But the decision not to bring charges , a statement from the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York said , came after weighing among other things , " the high burden of proof , the clarity of existing law " and challenge of proving corruption without " evidence of personal profit . " State prosecutors , who examined Mr. de Blasio ’s unsuccessful 2014 effort to help Democrats regain control of the State Senate , concluded that the aspects of the undertaking amounted to an " end run " around limits on contributions to candidates , according to a    letter outlining their State prosecutors, who examined Mr. de Blasio . Mr. Mr. de Blasio quick to try to put the issue behind him . " Mr. de Blasio ’ll just say simply it ’s been the issue a year , I ’ve said consistently that we acted appropriately , " he told Brian Mr. de Blasio on WNYC in a previously scheduled interview Thursday morning , shortly after the prosecutors released their findings . the prosecutors This confirms what I ’ve been saying and what all my colleagues have been saying . " He added , Mr. de Blasio We got ta get back to work . My focus now is getting back to business . " Later in the day during a news conference at City Hall , Mr. de Blasio refused to discuss any of the donors whose contributions   —    and the mayor ’s efforts on their behalf   —    had prompted scrutiny , deflecting questions by saying " the issue has been exhaustively investigated . " He defended the Mr. de Blasio described by the federal prosecutor , saying it was appropriate for him to approach Mr. de Blasio agencies on behalf of donors and said that he would not Mr. de Blasio out doing so again in the future . " I think it is normal for an elected official to receive concerns from people and pass them along for concerns from people agency to assess , " he said , Mr. de Blasio the distinction between donors who give him thousands of Mr. de Blasio and everyday constituents . " That ’s how we have done things , that ’s how we will continue we do things . " The disclosure that neither the mayor nor his administration or Mr. de Blasio aides will face charges is a victory for the mayor , though perhaps a tainted one for the    Democrat who has been dogged by a steady stream of media reports about the investigations , and who is gearing up to run for    in November . The federal inquiry involved a broad examination of whether Mr. de Blasio or his administration or campaign aides exchanged favorable city action for donations to his 2013 campaign his his    political his , the Campaign for One New York . The state inquiry The federal inquiry focused on whether the mayor or his aides violated state election his in 2014 by directing campaign donations to county committees to evade limits on contributions to five individual State Senate candidates . The decisions by the two offices that handled the inquiries were disclosed separately on Thursday morning , but the timing was coordinated . The United States attorney ’s office , along with the F. B. I. conducted the federal investigation and the Manhattan district attorney ’s office oversaw the state one , assisted by the F. B. I. The the F. B. I. least a dozen the federal investigation and the Manhattan district attorney’s office mostly in which donors to his 2013 campaign , his nonprofit or both sought action from the mayor , his several in which they had direct conversations with Mr. de Blasio . At donors to his 2013 campaign, his nonprofit or both one , Gina Argento , the operator of a Brooklyn soundstage company that depends on City Hall for film permits and a generous contributor to both the mayor ’s campaign and his nonprofit , said last year through her lawyer that Mr. de Blasio felt pressured to donate . Late in their inquiry her federal prosecutors obtained grants of immunity for three of the mayor ’s donors who they believed had received some the mayor’s from the mayor , several people with knowledge of the matter said the mayor’s United States attorney ’s office , which until Saturday was headed by Preet Bharara , announced its decision in a brief statement ( Mr. Bharara was fired over Preet Bharara weekend by the Trump administration and Preet Bharara his deputy , Joon H. Kim ) the Manhattan district attorney ’s office Preet Bharara headed by Cyrus R. Vance Jr. disclosed its findings in a    letter to the state Board of Elections official ’s office, headed by Cyrus R. Vance Jr. Jan. 4 , 2016 , referral prompted Mr. Vance ’s inquiry . In his statement , Mr. Kim said investigators had examined several instances in which Mr. Kim mayor and " others acting on his behalf " solicited donations from people who were seeking " official favors Mr. Kim the city , after which the mayor made or directed inquiries to relevant city agencies on behalf of those donors . " " After careful deliberation , " the statement said , " given the totality of the circumstances here and absent additional evidence , we do not intend to bring federal criminal charges against the mayor or those acting on his behalf relating to the    efforts in question , " the statement said . Among the reasons he cited were " any changes the statement law , " an apparent reference to a recent United States Supreme Court decision overturning the conviction of the former Virginia governor , Bob McDonnell , a ruling that made it harder to prosecute public corruption cases . " Although it is rare that we issue a public statement about the status of an investigation , we believe it appropriate in this case at this time , in order not to unduly influence the upcoming campaign and mayoral election , " the statement said . In his letter , Mr. Vance said the office ’s a public statement about the status of an investigation " not an endorsement Mr. Vance the conduct at issue . " The letter said they could not prove each element of the crimes that they considered his letter a the upcoming campaign and mayoral election doubt , because the mayor and those involved in the upcoming campaign and mayoral election effort had relied on the advice of their lawyers , a valid defense in a criminal case , and because of ambiguities the upcoming campaign and mayoral election the way the election law statutes were written . " The transactions appear contrary to the intent and spirit of the laws that impose candidate contribution limits , laws which are meant to prevent ‘ corruption and the appearance of corruption’ in the campaign financing process , " he wrote . 
 laws which are meant to prevent ‘corruption and the appearance of corruption’ in the campaign financing process 