Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin posted the following to Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin Facebook page:[Dirty Politics : Witnessing Firsthand It ’s Always Heartbreaking , Never Surprising , Thank heavens Donald Trump opened so many eyes to the lies , corruption and total lack of accountability that come so naturally to the permanent political class . And Sen. Ted Cruz was spot on when Sen. Ted Cruz once noted that " millions of Americans are asking for accountability and truth . " Which is why it ’s so curious   —    and saddens us   —    this lack of accountability with the lies of Sen. Ted Cruz ’s own campaign . Sen. Ted Cruz campaign chairman , U. S. Representative Steve King , is lying , and good for Dr. Ben Carson for calling this out . King , who ’s previously asked for and received my endorsement , time and resources to support his Dr. Ben Carson election , is still lying about my altruistic support of Mr. Trump , and he Dr. Ben Carson refused to provide any evidence to the contrary . And , this Dr. Ben Carson lied to his own constituents on Dr. Ben Carson of Cruz , regarding a good man , Dr. Carson . He told voters Carson Dr. Ben Carson dropping out of the Presidential race immediately before the Iowa caucus , causing a relative uproar inside the process , so the word would spread and he could rack up Dr. Ben Carson votes for his candidate , Cruz Dr. Ben Carson That ’s Cruz dirty trick . Dr. Carson deserved better Carson Carson deserved better ! Where is the accountability for these political actions ? Very sad typical Washington tactics . THIS is why " the status quo has got to go . " Our friend Dr. Carson put it so well Carson " As Christians , of course we accept people ’s apologies Our we also have to ask Our is this acceptable to Our , the American people Our or should there be some accountability ? There should be some consequences for things . You do n’t just say ‘ oh , okay , sorry   …      okay let ’s move on.’ The damage ‘ done to me , it was n’t done to The damage . " We ’ve had eight years them a reckless President , accountable to no one , pushing this country to the brink . Why would we ever take a risk them that ? We are never going to them this country around if we this country " more them the same . " Just like conservatives have been preaching in opposition to Obama ’s political tactics for years : actions speak louder than words . The Cruz Campaign ’s actions to destroy a good man ’s efforts to serve are no different than Obama ’s practice of not holding Obama accountable . Typical politics . Typical politicians . Here ’s background : Ben Carson : Cruz ’s Apology Needs Accountability : 
 