WASHINGTON —   Ted Cruz is challenging Donald Trump to debate Ted Cruz in a    venue that would get past slogans and instead tackle policy and substance , taunting Ted Cruz by saying , " He Ted Cruz scared to debate me . " [ Originally , Trump Donald Trump that he Donald Trump to skip the debate because he Donald Trump to speak at AIPAC , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee . It the American Israel Public Affairs Committee became publicly known that Trump Donald Trump been given the option of speaking anytime during the    conference , at which point the billionaire said that instead he the billionaire not square off against Cruz because , " I think we ’ve had enough debates . "   That seems inconsistent with Trump Donald Trump on March 6 that , " I would love to take on Ted   " which he said Donald Trump there were more candidates in the race . Ohio Governor John Kasich then announced that he would Ohio Governor John Kasich attend the debate either , refusing to debate Cruz    . Since the other candidates had withdrawn , Fox News canceled the debate the debate spokesman Ron Cruz    issued a statement saying : Perhaps Mr. Trump is unable to speak for more than one minute about any given topic because of his shallow understanding Mr. Trump basic policies , or perhaps he is scared Mr. Trump voters learning the truth —   that he has spent Mr. Trump entire adult Mr. Trump promoting liberal positions completely opposite of the conservative platform that he has campaigned Mr. Trump . In what some regard as calling Trump ’s bluff Mr. Trump instead decided to attend AIPAC at the same time as Trump , to give his own speech . Mr. Trump they ’ll be in the same place at the same time , Cruz has renewed his Cruz for Trump Cruz debate him Trump this time Cruz Washington , D. C. adding on The Kelly File that he would be happy Cruz make the debate about foreign policy , or some other topic that fits AIPAC ’s theme of focusing on Israel . " If you wo n’t debate in Utah , we ’ll bring the debate to you , " Cruz said in his statement . Cruz Cruz campaign has Cruz the twitter hashtag # DuckingDonald , explaining in the statement that , " his statement n’t duck us for the rest we this campaign , and so we Cruz’s campaign press we issue until the public pressure becomes too much for him to bear . " The Texas senator continues to call on Trump to allow the New York Times to release the audio tape of their conversation , which it is rumored contains the businessman ’s assurances to the newspaper ’s liberal editors that his rhetoric on immigration , and perhaps The Texas senator issues , is merely for public consumption to win the GOP nomination , but that he has no intention of pressing these The Texas senator if elected to the White House . The statement for Cruz concludes , " Anytime , anyplace    …      let ’s do it , Donald . " The statement for Cruz Klukowski is legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 