WASHINGTON   —    A man carrying a backpack jumped over a fence and got within several steps of the White House before being arrested late Friday , the Secret Service said . The intrusion , the first reported since President Trump took office , came as President Trump was inside the residence . A the Secret Service official said the intruder did not pose a threat to Mr. Trump President Trump the breach was more serious than most other cases of    at the White House : The man was A Secret Service official elude multiple layers of security before being stopped near the entrance at the South Portico . The intruder , identified as Jonathan    Tran , 26 , of Milpitas , Calif. was charged with entering a restricted area " while using or carrying a dangerous weapon . " The Secret Service official Mr. Tran not armed and that his Mr. Tran did not contain any hazardous Mr. Tran , but that he was carrying two cans of pepper Mr. Tran . When confronted by the officer who arrested him , Mr. Tran said , " Mr. Tran am a friend of the president . I have an appointment , " according to a court document filed in the case . The officer said Mr. Tran was wearing the officer who arrested him jacket Mr. Tran . In addition to the pepper spray , Mr. Tran was carrying an American passport , Mr. Tran laptop , a book by Mr. Trump and a letter to the president , in which he referred to " Russian Hackers . " In Mr. Tran letter , Mr. Tran said that he had been followed , Mr. Tran phone calls and Mr. Tran had been intercepted , and Mr. Tran he had " been called schizophrenic . " Speaking to Mr. Tran on Saturday at a meeting of cabinet members at Trump National Golf Club in Sterling , Va. Mr. Trump said the " Secret Service did a fantastic job last night . " He described Mr. Tran as a " troubled person . " Mr. Trump Secret Service said in a statement that at about 11:38 the "Secret Service an individual scaled the outer perimeter fence by the Treasury Building and East Executive Avenue , " adding , " Secret Service Uniformed Division officers arrested the individual on the south grounds without further incident . " But the court document suggested that Mr. Tran had been able to walk unimpeded alongside the residence until he Mr. Tran the entrance at the South Portico . The east side of Mr. Tran White House is where guests enter the building for social events . It is separated from the Treasury Department by a fence . Mr. Tran had The east side of the White House criminal record and no history with the Secret Service , Mr. Tran said . Officers searched the north and south grounds of the White House Mr. Tran nothing amiss . Security at the White House became a major the White House , when there were several cases of intruders scaling the White House entering the grounds . In one episode , a man carrying a knife , Omar J. Gonzalez a fence to overpower a Secret Service agent inside the North Portico entrance and run through the ceremonial East Room before he was tackled . The Secret Service came under criticism because in its initial account of the episode , officials indicated a Secret Service agent inside the North Portico entrance Mr. Gonzalez had Secret Service steps inside the North Portico after running Secret Service the one episode The fuller account emerged from Representative Jason Chaffetz , Republican of Secret Service and chairman of a subcommittee that investigated the breach . The National its initial account of the episode recently approved plans for the Secret Service to install a stronger and higher perimeter fence around the White House . In 2015 , the Secret Service added spikes to the top of the fence on the north and south sides of the grounds as a temporary deterrent . 
 the Secret Service 