The mainstream media are reporting that    Donald Trump is giving up on   Donald Trump promise to repeal and replace Obamacare , because   Donald Trump said   Donald Trump would be willing to preserve coverage for    conditions and allowing children to stay on children parents’ health insurance until age 26 . [ " I like those very much , "   Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal in an interview , following   Donald Trump meeting Thursday with President Barack Obama .     Donald Trump ’s not alone : those are some of the only parts of the law that are popular , and many Republicans have long since promised to preserve coverage for those with    conditions even after Obamacare is repealed . Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) for example , proposed a replacement for Obamacare in April that would cover people with    conditions by moving people into state    pools . In 2013 , Rep. Tom Price ( ) proposed to repeal and replace Obamacare , introducing the " Empowering Patients First Act , " which provided for those with    conditions . " [ T]o make sure no one is priced out of the health insurance market because of a    illness or injury , the Empowering Patients First Act provides for the creation of robust pooling plans that would ensure that any one person ’s health status does not increase any one person’s health status or any one person’s health status costs or the costs of others in the same pool , " any one person’s health status wrote at the time . Coverage for    conditions , and coverage for young people , are relatively minor parts of the overall architecture of Obamacare . Conservatives have long been willing to accept such provisions as compromises , the better to shore up political support for dismantling the system as a whole . Trump merely stated the obvious . Photo : feil , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow Trump on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 