If Donald Trump is elected president , the terrorists would win . [ That was the implicit message President Barack Obama issued during a dramatic speech this afternoon condemning Donald Trump ’s tough    proposals after the terrorist attack at a gay nightclub in Orlando , Florida killed dozens of people .   Barack Obama raised the alarm for voters , accusing Donald Trump of making proposals that depart from the Constitutional values of America and the values of American citizens . " If we ever abandon those values , we would not only make it a lot easier to radicalize people here and around the world , but we would have betrayed the very things we are trying to protect , " Obama said , citing American pluralism , civil liberties and openness . " Then the terrorists would have won and we can not let that happen . I will not let that happen . " Obama was visibly angry at Trump during Obama speech , trying to paint a picture of what an America under Donald Trump ’s leadership would look like . Obama suggested that Trump would likely subject    to special surveillance because of Trump would likely subject   to special surveillance because of their faith, singling them out for discrimination faith , singling Trump would likely subject   to special surveillance because of their faith, singling them out for discrimination out for discrimination . " It makes Muslim Americans feel like Muslim Americans government is betraying Muslim Americans , " Obama said . " It betrays the very values America stands for . " Obama challenged Republicans for failing to condemn the proposals from Republicans nominee . " Do Republican officials actually agree with this ? " Obama asked . " Because that ’s not the America we want . It does n’t reflect our democratic ideals . " Obama also warned that Trump ’s proposals would give rise to a national mood that the country would come to regret   —    likely referring to the    relocation camps in the United States during World War II . " We ’ve gone through moments in We history before when We acted out of fear and We came to regret it , " Obama said . " We ’ve seen our government mistreat We fellow citizens and it has been a shameful part of our history . " 
 