Republican Gov. Mike Pence and Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine offered voters two distinctly different choices on the issue of Syrian refugees , at the Oct. 4    debate . [ Pence , Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s running mate , told voters the GOP ticket wants to suspend acceptance of Syrian refugees .   Kaine , Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s running mate , said he and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s former Secretary of State want to accelerate   the Syrian refugee program , a position he has Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s since May 2015 . Back then , he was Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s of fourteen U. S. Senators , dubbed by critics the " Jihad Caucus , " who called for an increase in the number of Syrian refugees resettled in the United States to 65 , 000 annually . It ’s a position Clinton herself has supported since September 2015 . In Fiscal Year 2016 , the Obama administration resettled over 12 , 500 Syrian refugees in the United the United States dramatic contrast to the 2 , 300 who resettled in all four previous fiscal years . " Donald Trump and I are committed to suspending the Syrian refugee program and programs and immigration from areas of the world that have been compromised by terrorism . " Pence said . " Donald Trump has called Donald Trump vetting , so we do n’t bring people in to the United States who the United States our Bill of Rights freedoms , who we hostile to the American way of life , " he stated . " Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Kaine want to increase the Syrian refugee program by 500 [ per cent ] , " Pence added . Kaine , Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton ’s running mate , offered a different choice on Syrian refugees . " We have different views on refugee issues and on immigration , " Kaine said . " Hillary and I Tim Kaine do immigration enforcement and we ’ll vet refugees based on whether they ’re dangerous or not . These immigration enforcement say all Mexicans are bad Hillary and I Kaine said . " And with respect Tim Kaine refugees , we want to keep people out if they Hillary and I dangerous . Donald Trump said keep people out if they ’re Muslim . Mike people put together people program that said keep them out if they ’re from Syria , people Kaine added people According to the new Tim Kaine poll released on Wednesday , voters overwhelmingly agree with Trump and Pence on the Syrian refugees issue . In Mike Pence   national poll of 1 , 690 registered   voters conducted on October 3 ,    percent oppose increasing Syrian refugees , while 54 percent said they do not believe the claim by President 54 percent Obama that Syrian refugees have been subjected to the most rigorous security vetting . The Obama administration wants to increase the number of refugees coming into the United States by 29 percent next year to 110 , 000 , up from 85 , 000 this year . Do you approve or disapprove of this increase ? Approve : 30%Disapprove 60%Unsure : 10 % Hillary Clinton ’s supporters at the Refugee Council want to increase the number of refugees coming into the United States in 2017 even more , the United States 000 , and Hillary wants to increase the number of Syrian refugees in that total from 10 , 000 in 2016 to 65 , 000 in 2017 . Do you approve or disapprove of this increase ? Approve : 26%Disapprove : 62%Unsure : 12 this increase you believe that Syrian refugees arriving in the United States have been subjected to the most rigorous the United States as the Obama Administration claims ? Approve : 33%Disapprove : 54%Unsure : 13 % Kaine attempted to score points by citing a recent court decision that rejected Indiana ’s plan to stop Syrian refugees , but that effort backfired when Pence offered a compelling rebuttal . " And yesterday an Appellate Court with three Republican judges struck down the Pence plan and said it was discriminatory , " Kaine said . Indiana’s plan to stop Syrian refugees said this was because Indiana’s plan to stop Syrian refugees was n’t Kaine evidence . . . yet three Republican judges struck down the Pence plan . that ISIS had infiltrated the United States , " Pence hit back . " Well , Germany just arrested three Syrian refugees who were connected Pence ISIS   …     . , " Pence continued , before Kaine interrupted him , one ISIS seventy times he did so during Kaine evening Kaine " But they told you there Kaine a right way and a wrong way to do it , " Kaine said . " Well look , if you ’re going to be Kaine of me on that , that ’s fair game , " Pence responded . " But look , I will tell you after two Syrian refugees were involved Pence the attack in Paris that is called Paris ’s    as governor of the state of Indiana , I have no higher priority than Paris safety and security of the people of my state , " Pence responded . " As Vice President of the United States , we ’re going to put Pence safety and security of the people of the United States first the United States " he added . Kaine disagreed with Pence . " But let the United States . Hillary and Vice President of the United States will do immigration enforcement , Pence we ’ll vet refugees based on whether they ’re dangerous or not , we wo n’t do it based on discriminating against you for the country immigration enforcement come from or the religion Hillary and I have , " he said . " That is completely antithetical to the Jeffersonian values of equality , " he insisted . Kaine The director of the FBI said , the [ head ] of Homeland Security said Kaine ca n’t know who these people are , coming from [ Syria ]   …    " Pence the FBI , before Kaine interrupted him again . " Yes , we can . If we do n’t know who they are , we Kaine n’t let them in , " Kaine said . we returned to his theme . " The we of the FBI they Homeland Security said Kaine ca n’t Pence for certain Kaine …      You ’ve got to err on the side of the The director of the FBI and Homeland Security and security of the American people , " he told Kaine . " By trashing all Syrians , by trashing all Muslims ? " Kaine asked . Kaine message Kaine Pence drove home his point in response . " We ’re going to Kaine the safety and security of the American people Kaine , " he concluded .           
 Kaine the safety and security of the American people the American people 