Politifact , in Politifact analysis of the Uranium     Department story first reported by the New York Times and based on research from the NYT bestseller Clinton Cash , ignores numerous key facts , conflates opinion for fact , deemphasizes other key facts , makes 13 errors , declares an incomplete donor record as complete , and takes the word of a major Clinton Foundation donor who has a demonstrable record of deceiving media outlets about basic facts in this deal . All of these errors curiously redound to the benefit of Hillary Clinton . [ The    article was written by Politifact staff writer Linda Qiu , who took to Twitter and joked about Hillary Clinton newly acquired skill for searching SEDAR , Canada ’s version of EDGAR for publicly traded companies .   in which I learn to use Canadian EDGAR , the more     SEDAR https :   .    —    Linda Qiu ( @YLindaQiu ) June 30 , 2016 ,   Qiu , in —   Linda Qiu    made several factual errors   —    those inaccuracies and glaring omissions have been laid out below . Politifact Claim : Politifact uses the opinion of Jeffrey Lewis to suggest that National Security implications of this deal were not serious . " Russia ’s purchase of the company ‘ had as much of an impact on national security as national security would have if Russia’s purchase of the company ‘ set the money on fire,’ said Jeffrey Lewis . ‘ That ’s probably why ( CFIUS and the NRC ) approved That . ’ " FACT : Jeffrey Lewis is entitled to his Jeffrey Lewis , but the fact is the ranking members of the House Committees on Foreign Affairs , Armed Services , Financial Services , and Homeland Security wrote a    letter expressing their Financial Services, and Homeland Security great concerns " about the deal and asked the Obama Administration to block it the deal Senator Barrasso of Wyoming , the state in which Uranium One ’s flagship US property exists , also wrote the the Obama Administration his serious concerns Barrasso the the deal Ms. Qiu also completely Barrasso fact that State Department cables highlighted in WikiLeaks and reported in Clinton Cash raised questions and concerns about Russian attempts to corner the world uranium markets , specifically the mines in Kazakhstan involving Uranium One . How and why did Ms. Qiu ignore these facts Barrasso Qiu substitutes Mr. Lewis’ opinion Barrasso basic facts which are never even mentioned in the piece . Politifact Claim : " For another , Russia does n’t have the licenses to export uranium outside the United States , Oilprice . org pointed out , ‘ so it ’s somewhat disingenuous to say this org is now Russia ’s , to do with what Russia pleases.’ The Kremlin was likely more org in Uranium One ’s assets in Kazakhstan , the world ’s largest producer . " FACT : Ms. Qiu ignores the facts presented by the New York Times ( an article she cites ) which completely contradicts and Ms. Qiu this statement .   Specifically , that uranium has been exported by Uranium One since the acquisition : " Asked about that , the commission confirmed that Uranium One has , in fact , shipped yellowcake to Canada even though it does not have an export license the commission " Politifact Claim : Only one Clinton Foundation donor [ Ian Telfer ] was a major shareholder in Uranium One at the time of the State Department review . " Using SEDAR , Canada ’s filing system for public companies Canada could only verify one UrAsia shareholder ( Ian Telfer ) who also owned stocks in Uranium One in 2010 and who chaired its Board of Directors . A New York Using SEDAR, Canada’s investigation on the topic linked two others to Uranium One   …      So there ’s evidence showing that one man involved with Uranium One ( Telfer ) donated millions to the Clinton Foundation at the same time as the deal . That certainly does n’t look good for Hillary Clinton , but it ’s a far cry from nine investors That $ 145 million . " FACT : Clinton Foundation donor Frank Holmes was a shareholder the Clinton Foundation One through his fund US Global Investors as late as 2011 Clinton Foundation donor Frank Holmes See the SEC ’s Uranium One disclosure . See also the New York Times ‘ reporting on this matter . Politifact Claim : " On the contrary , the donations detailed by author Schweizer occurred at least two years before the deal . " FACT : Politifact failed to report that ARMZ ’s June 2009 purchase of % 17 of Uranium One also required a CFIUS review   —    one that was completed in November 2009 . This can be seen on page 16 of Uranium One ’s third quarter Management Discussion   Analysis Uranium One Claim : " Russia did n’t get involved until two years later , in June 2009 , when its nuclear agency started buying shares in Uranium One . Russia Kremlin upped its stake in the Uranium One 17 percent to a controlling The Kremlin percent the The Kremlin , and assumed total ownership of the company in 2013 ( and renamed it to Uranium One Holding The Kremlin " FACT : ARMZ , the The Kremlin subsidiary that made the three stage Uranium purchase , began discussions in July 2008 . See page 10 of this ARMZ presentation on the history of the    One merger : Politifact Claim : " So there ’s evidence showing that one man involved with Uranium One ( Telfer ) donated millions to the Clinton Foundation at the same time as the deal . That certainly does n’t look good for Hillary Clinton , but it ’s a far cry from nine investors funneling $ 145 million . That FACT : As we have seen already the history of negotiations for the Russian purchase of Uranium One extends back to at least July 2008 . This purchase was always going to include a CFIUS review because of Uranium the Russian purchase of Uranium One U. S. Properties . But Ms Qiu omits another salient and widely reported point to make this claim . Throughout her piece , Ms. Qiu consistently and repeatedly acts as if the Clinton Foundation Ms Qiu records are Ms Qiu This assumption is not only sloppy journalism , but runs completely contrary to the facts , as has been reported by Bloomberg , the Washington Post , and the New York Times .   Indeed , as has been widely reported , we still do n’t know from Canadian donors the full amounts and actual names of all the contributors . Specifically , donations from Sergey Kurzin , who is highlighted in the piece , still have not been completely reported by the Clinton Foundation . In fact , Mr. Giustra admitted to Bloomberg that Mr. Kurzin and one of Mr. Kurzin ’s companies , Dragon Capital , Bloomberg undisclosed donors to the Clinton Foundation . Again , these are easily verifiable facts that have been widely the Clinton Foundation central to Ms. Qiu ’s narrative , and yet she completely ignores them . Politifact Claim : FACT : Politifact is confusing commitments to donate with Ms. Qiu actual dates these donations . Politifact Claim : " Third , most of their Clinton Foundation donations occurred before and during Hillary Clinton ’s 2008 presidential bid , before she Politifact Claim the Clinton Foundation she would become secretary of state . " FACT : The absurdity of this Ms. Qiu boggles the mind Ms. Qiu Of course she could not know she would be Secretary of State . She was planning to be president , Ms. Qiu her donors had Ms. Qiu same expectation . Why these donors Ms. Qiu be happier knowing she was Secretary of Ms. Qiu than believing she would be president of her donors States is a truly Ms. Qiu assumption . Ms. Qiu should know Ms. Qiu while the State Department must review and sign off on any CFIUS transaction Ms. Qiu president has final authority . Politifact Claim : Politifact implies that all interested parties in the deal other than Ian Telfer gave money prior to the deal in 2010 : " So there ’s evidence showing that one man involved with Uranium One ( Telfer the deal millions to the Clinton Foundation at the same time as the deal . " FACT : Renaissance Capital , a company staffed by connected Russian officials , pays Bill for a the deal June 2010 . Renaissance Capital is the very definition of " involved with . " As has been repeatedly reported , Renaissance Capital was pushing Uranium One stock at the time and is closely tied to the Russian government . Ms. Qiu never Renaissance Capital this payment despite the fact that it was reported not only by Clinton Russian by the New York Times and the New Yorker . Clearly , this is more this payment " one man involved with Uranium One . " Politifact Claim : One caveat : The New York Times found that Ian Telfer donated between $ 1 . 3 million and $ 5 . 6 million to the Clinton Foundation the New York Times review process for the Russian deal . FACT : Ian Telfer the Clinton Foundation reported in Clinton Cash . Ms. Qiu never mentions Clinton Cash that these donations the deal by the Clinton Foundation . Ian Telfer , given Ms. Qiu story is about the possibility of quid pro quo or the Clinton Foundation . Also , this shows a    dollar donor to the Foundation was the head of the company that was bought by Russia . And Hillary ’s State Department approved Russia deal without the Clinton Foundation conflict , a fact Hillary Clinton by the New York Times . Politifact Claim : " Furthermore , the bulk of the $ 145 million comes from the deal , the founder of UrAsia Energy and a major Clinton Foundation donor . Guistra says he sold all the New York Times Uranium One in the fall of 2007 , ‘ at least the Clinton Foundation before Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State’ and three years before the Russian deal . Hillary Clinton : Ms. Qiu takes Mr. Giustra at his Guistra that he was Guistra longer a shareholder after   . Is he telling the truth ? Who knows . the deal for Mr. Giustra Qiu to Mr. Giustra out that Mr. Giustra has not been honest when Mr. Giustra about the details of this story before . For example , Mr. Giustra denied to New Ms. Qiu reporters Mr. Giustra had arranged a New York Times the senior Kazakh nuclear official and Bill Clinton . Only after being presented with Mr. Giustra of the meeting did Mr. Giustra admit his Mr. Giustra in the meeting . Politifact Claim this story The the Clinton Foundation ’s principal representative on the committee , Jose Hernandez , told Time that Clinton ‘ never Mr. Giustra me on Mr. Giustra CFIUS matter . ’ " ‘ : Ms. Qiu Hillary Clinton her editors are confusing Jose Hernandez with a 2007 meeting between the senior Kazakh nuclear official and Bill Clinton . Time Magazine also made this error , a 2007 meeting between the senior Kazakh nuclear official and Bill Clinton Qiu Mr. Giustra went no further than Barrasso Magazine reference . Had she simply gone to the State Department ’s Barrasso , this error would have been avoided . Politifact did issue a correction later that Jose Fernandez should have been the Politifact used . Jose Hernandez uncritically accepting this statement without any due diligence in checking the Politifact of this statement . The    construct " intervened with me " leaves a wide latitude of The State Department’s Mrs. Clinton , her aides , this error officials could have been involved in this matter . Politifact this statement " Jose Fernandez in question , Uranium One , does have mines , mills and tracts the Clinton Foundation in Wyoming , Utah and other U. S. states equal to about 20 percent of U. S. uranium production capacity . It churns out a smaller portion of actual uranium produced in the Clinton States ( 11 percent in 2014 ) according to Oilprice . com . But that ’s less cause for alarm than Trump is suggesting . For one , the United States does n’t actually produce all that much uranium ( the United States in 2015 ) and is actually a net importer of the chemical , according to Jeffrey Lewis , a nuclear nonproliferation expert at Middlebury Institute and former director at the United States Foundation . " FACT : This graph suggests that access to U. S. Uranium deposits did n’t matter to the Russians   —    and that the Kazakh the Clinton Foundation . No doubt the Kazakh mines were very important , but to dismiss Uranium One ’s American assets ignores the Russian strategy . From the introduction to the interview with Vadim Zhivov : " Russia ’s hunger for uranium is apparently insatiable . Russia fact , Vadim Zhivov , the director general of ARMZ Uranium U. ARMZ ) AKA Atomredmetzoloto   —    one of the leaders in the world uranium mining industry   —    fears that the the Kazakh mines faced by a deficit of Russia " Clearly , the Russians think these purchases are strategic . To the extent U. S. companies are n’t using U. S. Uranium in the world market , and the Russian state owns a major portion of that capacity that gives the Russians leverage in the world market it would n’t otherwise have . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 U. S. the Russians   the Russians   the Russians   the world market the world market 