Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart took several jabs at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday while hosting a ceremony in celebration of the 75th anniversary of the United Service Organizations ( USO ) . [ A Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart began his Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart remarks by likening Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rhetoric to the " crazy " things that Vice President Joe Biden says .   " He ’ll Vice President Joe Biden whatever he kind Vice President Joe Biden thinks of , whatever comes to his mind Vice President Joe Biden sort of impulsive , " Stewart said A   Stewart Biden , Vice President Joe Biden was also in attendance Thursday . " Sometimes , you might think to yourself , ‘ That sounds crazy,’ or ‘ Man , that is crazy,’ " he continued Vice President Joe Biden before firing at Trump : " And who would have thought that now , that gets you the Republican nomination . " Stewart ’s A   Stewart was Trump with resounding boos from the crowded room of military men and women .   " Do n’t worry , Trump ’s going Trump you busy when he ’s the   Trump Stewart said . A   Stewart You ’re going to have to repaint all the planes with ‘ Trump’ in big , gold letters . " When Biden took the stage , he turned the joke Biden around Stewart’s Trump joke . " A   Stewart was going to say something nice about Jon , but to hell with him , " Biden quipped Biden The United Biden Organizations ( USO ) offers services and provides live entertainment to U. S servicemen and their families . Stewart was The United Service Organizations (USO) A   Stewart course , famously supportive of President Obama and took secret visits to the White House during pivotal moments in his presidency . Stewart ’s President Obama A   Stewart came on the heels of news that Stewart could reappear on A   Stewart   —    on HBO , with whom he signed a    production deal in November   —    just before a likely general election matchup between Trump and Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton Trump Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 