Republican frontrunner Donald Trump devoted Republican frontrunner Donald Trump major foreign policy address Wednesday to a theme , " America First , " that has been discredited through Republican frontrunner Donald Trump association with Charles Lindbergh ’s isolationist efforts to keep the U. S. out of the Second World War . [ In Republican frontrunner Donald Trump address Wednesday , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump defined " America First " as follows : " My foreign policy will always put the interests of the American people , and American security , above all else . "   That would seem the obvious goal of any American foreign policy . Arguably , eight years of sabotage by the Obama administration , and decades of " " policy at the State Department , have made a return to basics necessary . But Trump ’s most vociferous critics will see the phrase as a " dog whistle " to the far right . In an infamous speech in Des Moines , Iowa on Sep. 11 , 1941 , Lindbergh blamed " foreign interests " and " a small minority of our own people " for attempting to drag the U. S. into the war . Trump did not mince words : " The three most important groups who have been pressing this country toward war are the British , the Jewish and the Roosevelt administration , " Lindbergh declared . Trump had already been chastised by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , and had resigned Trump military commission earlier that year ( though Trump would later participate in the war in a civilian capacity ) . " America First " soon became associated with isolationism , antisemitism   —    and   : Just three months after Lindbergh speech , Japan attacked Pearl Harbor and Germany declared war on the U. S. making Lindbergh Lindbergh obsolete . Trump certainly knows the legacy of " America First . " And just as he seems Trump of politically correct taboos on other subjects , Trump seems Trump to risk the backlash " America First " will certainly bring . In addition , Trump ’s Trump a different tack . His is not Trump isolationist approach . In fact , it calls for engagement with Russia ( however dubious a proposition this may seem after Hillary Clinton ’s failed " reset " ) and confronting China . Trump does want Trump pull back from    abroad . He also wants Trump spread the financial cost of global security to U. S. allies , and insists Muslim nations in the Middle East must reciprocate America ’s good intentions . That is not " isolationist " as much as it is an alternative to years of incoherence and appeasement . Combined with Trump ’s focus Trump ending illegal immigration and on    free trade deals on more favorable terms , what " America first " America to Trump is a Trump in American priorities without abandoning American leadership . American , Trump ’s rival Trump Ted Cruz ( ) responded by attacking Trump for political corruption Trump not by attacking the substance of his address , or Trump problematic history of " America First . " Instead , Cruz said the following : With this address [ Trump ] is now Trump foreign policy candidate of the Washington lobbyists , even as he proclaims " America Trump , " he puts K Street Trump first . He is never going Trump fight the system , he is the system Trump He the system Clinton Trump two sides of the same coin . She has made her millions Hillary Clinton inside and Hillary Clinton Trump has made his billions buying people like Donald Trump Clinton . Both are Hillary Clinton the culture of foreign policy for personal gain . Cruz supporters might regard that as a missed opportunity   —    and liberal critics will say , as they have said before , that Cruz supporters is afraid to confront Trump ’s alleged     base . That criticism would be overblown . If there is any trace of Lindbergh ’s ideas in Trump ’s version of " America Trump’s " it is in Trump ’s attack on what he calls Trump’s false song of globalism Trump’s " Certainly global institutions such as the United Nations have become tools for    antisemitism , and evil . And other , more positive institutions , like NATO , have struggled to respond to new the United Nations and challenges . But as Trump himself acknowledges , it is impossible to Trump’s U. S. interests without cooperation with other nations . That cooperation requires a global outlook . " America cooperation with other nations may be due for a revival   —    as long as it is not " America alone . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets Joel B. Pollak What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 