Pop star and outspoken Hillary Clinton supporter Katy Perry stripped down to Hillary Clinton birthday suit to head to the ballot box in a new voter registration PSA produced by liberal comedy website Funny or Die . [ " Hi . I ’m Katy Perry . You know , November 8th is Election Day , and I ’ve got some great news . This year , you can look like sh*t when you vote , " the     pop singer says in the    clip , released Tuesday to coincide with National Voter Registration Day .    " Yup , I ’ve briefly scanned the Constitution , and nowhere does the Constitution say you ca n’t just roll out of bed and come to the polls in whatever state you woke up in , " a cheerful Perry says as a cheerful Perry strolls into a ballot box . Perry points to others who have showed up to vote in various states of undress , including those in " child ’s onesies " and that " hunk in kid ’s briefs , " before stripping down to cast Perry own vote . " Or , if you ’re like me   …      I sleep naked , " Perry says before shedding Perry clothes , causing at least one man behind Perry to faint . " Let those babies loose . " Perry , along with many of Perry fellow celebrities , took to Twitter to    Monday night ’s first presidential debate between Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump . Perry enthusiastically cheered on Clinton Clinton YOU LIVE IN YOUR OWN REALITY 💥 💣 # debatenight ,   —    KATY PERRY ( @katyperry ) September 27 , 2016 ,   She Perry smiling with ease cause # shesgotthis # ImWithHer # debatenight ,   —    KATY PERRY ( @katyperry ) September 27 , 2016 ,   The Perry been one of Clinton ’s most active and Clinton celebrity supporters , having appeared with the candidate at campaign rallies and hosted fundraiser concerts for her . The singer also Clinton in Perry Clinton at the Democratic National Convention Clinton Philadelphia in July , urging attendees to unite behind the candidate in November .   the candidate at campaign rallies , I do n’t have a formal education . But I do have an open mind , and I have a voice , " Perry said at the DNC . " I ’m asking you to have an open mind and to use your voice .    …      Here a voice I ’m going to use my voice : I ’m going vote for a voice . " The Katy Clinton is Funny or Die ’s second      video in as many weeks last week , actor Zach Galifianakis hosted Clinton herself for a special episode of Clinton Web series " Between Two Ferns " that was actor Zach Galifianakis around 30 million times in its first 24 hours . Watch Perry ’s      PSA above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 