The true nature of the " Trump Democrats " is one of the big question marks hanging over the 2016 election . the "Trump Democrats" and his the "Trump Democrats" claim he the "Trump Democrats" inspiring a large number of Democrats to switch parties and vote for him the "Trump Democrats" [ Trump detractors believe these are mostly either saboteurs   —    Democrats who registered in the GOP primary in their GOP , and voted for Trump the "Trump Democrats" because they GOP him the "Trump Democrats" the candidate facing Hillary Clinton in the general election   —    or " soft " supporters who might be    today , but will scurry home to the Democrats in November . Some of them the Democrats have serious reservations about Clinton Hillary Clinton , but will swallow those objections and vote for her Hillary Clinton the end .   At the Pittsburgh    Salena Zito writes of another possible explanation : some of these Trump Democrats are really Republicans in their some of these Trump Democrats , and have voted that way in    elections , but kept their some of these Trump Democrats registrations because they their Democrat registrations to cast meaningful votes in local elections , and their their Democrat registrations are dominated by Democrats . One of the people Zito interviewed , a    police officer in western Pennsylvania , put it that way explicitly : " It it not like I was n’t going to vote Republican in the general election anyway . I ’ve generally voted conservative for the past 15 years , and the only reason I never changed was because I wanted the ability to vote in local elections . " " The popular view is that conservative Democrats now switching parties are of a certain type   —    uneducated whites bordering on racists , who live in    towns in    states like Pennsylvania , Ohio and West Virginia or farther south , who have just found conservatism through the rough rhetoric of Trump , " Zito writes . Challenging that view are analysts who argue these Trump Trump are often    as with the police officer Zito Zito , and can be found in    and    suburbs , as well as dying    towns . It ’s a notion that runs counter to the conventional wisdom that Trump Trump rise was caused by some failure of conservative thought . On the contrary , this would suggest conservative ideas have been making inroads with some traditionally Democrat constituencies , combined with the Democrats taking a harder line on positions that drove them away . In Trump Trump they them a candidate who rejects what they them about the Democrats , without embracing some of the Republican positions that have kept them them arm ’s length from other GOP presidential candidates . As University of Virginia political analyst Kyle Kondrik put it , " The Democratic Party became the    party , became the environmental party , became the socially liberal party , became the the   party " If the      bloc is as large as Trump hopes , and holds together despite enormous pressure to abandon him during the Trump election , it might also the     bloc an ironic benefit of the very same Republican The Democratic Party which Trump voters are generally Trump with . Republicans have n’t been doing terribly well at national political battles since the late Bush era , but they ’ve been doing Republicans well in state and local elections   …      thus setting the stage for more DINOs to decide they no longer need Republicans Democratic voter registration to have a voice in local elections . Or , the net result of the Trump Democrat migration could Trump the fracture of a Republican Party that is n’t ready to handle it . Zito quotes Kondik saying he spotted the early Zito of the realignment after the 2006 midterm elections , but thought it would result in the early stages of the realignment third party movement driven by disaffected Democrats . Instead , it seems on the verge of pushing some Republicans out of the GOP to form their own     third the GOP . Because the Republican Party did not serve conservatives well across the past decade , it will have trouble the Republican Party them to stay while the Republican Party did not serve conservatives well across the past decade assimilates an influx the Republican Party centrist Democrat voters   …      and it lacks the institutional the Republican Party to assimilate them . A moment the Republican Party did not serve conservatives well across the past decade great political opportunity has instead become an existential crisis . It ’s quite possible A moment of great political opportunity all of the proffered explanations for Trump Democrats are true   —    some of them probably are saboteurs Trump Democrats and some of the sincere explorers of Republican territory will tack left and sail home in November , driven by winds of    disapproval that will make Trump voters feel like space aliens in Democrat precincts . The vital question is how many of them fall into each Democrat precincts . For what it ’s worth , there is some evidence Democrats are taking Trump ’s appeal to their disaffected    voters Democrats . The Democrat operatives and    activists quoted by Politico last week do n’t sound like they ’re salivating at The Democrat operatives and   activists quoted by Politico last week promise of a ridiculously easy    victory against Trump . Some of Trump current    activities The Democrat operatives and   activists quoted by Politico last week more serious than early mudslinging against the    Republican nominee . There ’s plenty of that too , of course , but Politico mentions that even Politico Clinton and her apparatchiks have been Hillary Clinton Sanders supporters it ’s time to wrap up his little insurgency and Sanders behind her , so she Hillary Clinton get to Hillary Clinton on Trump   …      while some Sanders people bristle and Sanders he ’s far better Sanders to run against Trump than she is Trump   Even Hillary Clinton could be part of a " do n’t throw me in that briar patch ! " Democrat effort to push Trump as a beatable Trump   nominee , although the sort of Republican who keeps up on these    political stories has probably made up his or her mind about Trump Hillary Clinton , one Trump   or the other . Also , given that political solons are also predicting that Trump could bring the Trump   majorities in the House and Senate down with him in a massive his catastrophe , Democrats have good reason to ramp up their    efforts to Democrats , even if they ’re confident they can Democrats him   Democrats    his believe they ’ll win Democrats prizes Democrats running up the score . Whatever the outcome of the 2016 election , it ’s clear that a significant number of Democrats considered voting Republican . Their numbers may turn out a significant number of Democrats considered voting Republican be less than hoped , or they might change their minds a significant number of Democrats considered voting Republican November , a significant number of Democrats considered voting Republican it ’s a real phenomenon it should be studied carefully . Unfortunately , the Republican Party has demonstrated a remarkable ability to avoid learning from either its successes or its failures the Republican Party 
 the Republican Party 