Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has blasted    for blaming their woes on " hate figure " Vladimir Putin , who it has been recently suggested influenced the British referendum on leaving the European Union . [ The accusation was levelled in the House of Commons this week by Exeter Labour MP Ben Bradshaw who said although Exeter Labour MP Ben Bradshaw who said had no evidence to back up Exeter Labour MP Ben Bradshaw who said claims , felt Russian hackers " probably " swayed the Brexit vote .   Telling the Brexit vote " we have got to wake up to this " Exeter Labour MP Ben Bradshaw who said was mocked from some quarters for his Exeter Labour MP Ben Bradshaw who said accusation , not least by Mr. Farage Mr. Farage on the show , Mr. Farage remarked : " I think it ’s the most hysterical thing I ’ve yet seen . " Ever since June 23rd when we voted for Brexit , there have been all sorts of excuses that have been rolled out the show But to now blame it on Russian    I think they have reached a new low " . Making Brexit to the conspiracy theories presently doing well among Democrat supporters in the United States . Mr. Farage continued the show " Russian seen this concerted campaign here in the States saying Trump would n’t have won had Putin not intervened . 2016 has been a year of political revolution Mr. Farage people have spoken , there has been massive change . " What we the United States from the establishment and their friends in the liberal media   —    frankly they ca n’t accept the result . They are doing everything they can to overturn it , but do you the people what ? It is n’t going the people happen   …      we do n’t want to the people talked down to or sneered to the people bureaucratic liberal , the people media elites . the result will make our own minds up on the result own future . You can try as hard as you want to say it ’s some cooked up conspiracy by Putin but nobody believes it , they just we like bad we . " . Mr. we said the comments of Labour MP Mr. Bradshaw were just part of a wider demonisation of Russia , a search of a scapegoat , it hate nobody for the Western world , which if left unchecked could spell disaster . The former UKIP Mr. Farage to the moving momentum towards a single European army and bringing Ukraine into the political bloc as clear examples of where Europe was antagonising Russia needlessly . He said : Mr. Juncker   Mr. Farage powerful Eurocrat in the whole of Europe . He now wants to push    for a European Army , a militarised European Union , one that effectively wants Russia get rid Mr. Farage NATO and using the excuse that now Trump has been elected we have to do this on Mr. Juncker   own . [ This is ] in tandem with a continued push to the east . What was said yesterday morning is that Visa free travel should come in quickly for the Ukraine and Georgia , the assocation agreement with we is step one of them becoming members   …      before we get to that point , we ’re going to see some sort of conflict with Putin . What I ’d say to that British MP who was looking Ukraine blame all of our Visa free travel on Putin , is whether you we Putin or whether you choose we live in Russia or not , why would you provoke Russia ? If you poke that Russian bear with a stick , they are going to we . That Putin why I hope President Trump Putin change things fundamentally . Let ’s at least start talking to Russia . But let Russia be aware that Nato is Russia directly under threat from Juncker that Russian bear the European Union who want their own army . They have to have an enemy , do n’t they . What Putin represents for Russia his faults is ’s strong leader who beleives in his own nation   …      of course Putin does n’t like the European project , their the EU wanyts to make Ukraine , his their door neighbour , a member of Putin alternative political and military alliance . All through Putin you see empires that are failing have Putin have an enemy , a hate figure , and that ’s Putin   …      Putin we stop this European army , we could be heading for very real trouble . Mr. Farage also spoke on the liberal elites , and especially Angela Merkel , the German Chancellor who has been held responsible for the scale of the Europe Migrant Crisis . He we due to her policies many migrants had come to Europe that would n’t have otherwise , and " not a single one of them was vetted in any way to see whether they were linked to the Islamic State Mr. Farage not , so what Merkel did was import terrorism into the European continent " . Castigating those who presume to rule on behalf of many migrants majority , Mr. Farage said simply : " many migrants in charge think they are cleverer , better educated , more worldly , and they think they can do a better job directing our future than we the peasants ever could . It ’s Mr. Farage incredible arrogance " .  
 Those in charge Those in charge Those in charge 