Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton has remained silent after a second night of riots in Charlotte , North Carolina caused major damage in North Carolina . [ Protesters angry about the killing of a black man , Keith Lamont Scott , by an    police officer terrorized the streets Wednesday night , beating citizens , looting , vandalizing , blocking interstate traffic and setting fires .   But Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton campaign has been silent , as she Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton at her Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton in Chappaqua , New York preparing for her Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton debate with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Trump was Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump first candidate to weigh in , voicing his reaction Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump an interview on Fox and Friends Thursday morning calling for law and order , leadership , and unity . But Clinton ’s campaign appears focused on spreading existing media to the press , with no new statement from the Democratic presidential nominee . A taped interview of Clinton ’s Clinton on the comedy web series Between Two Ferns was released on Thursday and the campaign Clinton’s campaign press conference call with former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright to question Trump ’s ties to Russia . The campaign also Clinton’s campaign weekly podcast , with her daughter Chelsea Clinton Clinton . The Democratic nominee did n’t even address the riots on Twitter or social media on Thursday . Clinton criticized the shooting during a rally on Wednesday , calling it an " unbearable " situation that the shooting needs to become intolerable " but did not mention the rioting . Earlier in the week , Clinton vowed to Steve Harvey that she Clinton be able to speak " Clinton to white people " to help stop racial police shootings . " We ’ve got to do everything possible to improve policing , to go right at implicit bias , " she said . Clinton has made her Clinton against police Clinton and " Clinton racism " a focal point in her campaign , particularly in urban communities Clinton " I ’m going to be talking to white people , we ’re the ones who have to start listening to the legitimate cries coming from our    fellow citizens , " Clinton we CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer in Clinton . 
 