EXPLICIT LANGUAGE WARNING ]   Tuesday on his daily podcast , comedian Adam Carolla reacted to the news of former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields having been recently hired by the Huffington Post to cover the Donald Trump campaign . After reviewing the March incident involving Fields , in which she alleged Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski had grabbed she and had resulted in she bruising , Adam Carolla hammered Fields who Adam Carolla deemed to be a " crazy bitch " during the Gina Grad news segment of the podcast . Adam Carolla later declared , " Good , fuck she , " when it was revealed that Fields’ Breitbart colleagues at the time did n’t believe she account of the incident . Partial transcript as follows : GRAD : So the reporter , the reporter left Fields’ Breitbart after the reporter colleagues openly attacked the reporter account of being manhandled by Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , has been hired by the Huffington Post , reports The Hill . Starting Monday , Fields will go once again covering this year ’s election with a special emphasis on Donald Trump and the GOP . Now , however , the reporter ’ll be doing it for the most famously liberal website after years spent working for conservative outlets like Breitbart and The Daily Caller . In April , Fields left Breitbart Breitbart the site advanced various alternative explanations of what happened with Lewandowski . the reporter said , " I ca n’t stand by an organization that wo n’t stand by the reporter . " So now the reporter is at HuffPo . CAROLLA : Why should we stand by this crazy bitch ? Nothing happened to the reporter and the reporter ’s turning the reporter into a victim , which I get the new narrative . Again , not a big fan of turning everyone into victims . Never seen any victims have success . As a matter of fact you ca n’t have success if you ’re a victim . You know , I ’m a super successful    victim . We make you into a victim and then you can not have success . GRAD : Right . CAROLLA : And the more people we We convince , that we We talk into the narrative that they ’re victims , the less successful people we We going to have . But we We made convincing everyone they everyone a victim into a    gig , which is a weird thing to me because I thought the whole deal was we We not   —    when somebody has a physical injury , disability   —    when somebody says I ’ve lost a limb , nobody says , " Well call it a life . Would you like to eat a bullet or would you like to poison yourself ? No , everyone goes , " That ’s alright . That ’s OK . You ’re going to have to work twice as hard as the guy next to you yourself But we We get into rehab , we We get into stuff together and you ’re still going to have a good life . We We still get you fitted with a prosthetic whatever and a special van . But if emotionally if you ’re a victim , like if you ’re born and your parents are n’t rich or you ’re the wrong skin tone or maybe the wrong gender or sexual proclivity , now you ’re ruined for life ? You can never get ahead in our society or some guy in a fucking blazer touched you on the shoulder and you ’re broken now . GRAD : Well , that was the thing . I remember when she was on , she she some bruising on her she . She she quite upset this person had even put his this person on her she Breitbart this person not having it . And certainly was n’t standing by her she CAROLLA : Good , fuck her she Jesus Christ . And look , anybody can pose for any picture and show some whatever . Like Bryan , if I take a picture of you where you squint your right eye just a little bit and pout a lot , it will look like , " Yeah , you can see he Bryan me . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 