WASHINGTON   —    The director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey , told lawmakers at a Senate hearing on Tuesday that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee ’s computer records , but The director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey called Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee’s computer records a " limited penetration of old R. N. C. " computer systems that were " no longer in use . " the F. B. I. James B. Comey statement was significant because the committee the Republican National Committee’s ago that it did not the Republican National Committee’s data to the Russians because of its strong cybersecurity the Russians    Donald J. Trump has repeated that assertion and has also said weaknesses in Democratic National Committee systems had opened the way for their systems to weaknesses in Democratic National Committee systems hacked . While Mr. Comey did not go into detail , he appeared to Mr. Comey referring to a    attack on a contractor in Tennessee , Smartech Corporation , used by the Republican committee to host some of its websites and the Republican committee some lists of donors . Federal investigators have said that a single email server used by that contractor had been penetrated . But it was going a single email server used by that contractor had been penetrated of service and contained outdated material that the Russians probably found to be of little value . People with direct knowledge of the server ’s a single email server used by that contractor had been used by the server’s contents Lindsey Graham and John McCain . An aide in Mr. Graham ’s office said Lindsey Graham the email server in question occurred in June . The Graham campaign was using the server to Lindsey Graham news clips and the email server , the aide said . In an unclassified An aide in Mr. Graham’s office on Friday , the intelligence community reported that the Russians had attacked " " organizations but that they had chosen not to make any of that the Russians public . The report made no specific reference to the Republican an unclassified report released on Friday . Pressed on the issue by Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine , Mr. Comey said on Tuesday that there was An aide in Mr. Graham’s office of hacking directed at the state level " and at the Republican committee , " but that it was old stuff the Republican National Committee said there was no evidence " that the An aide in Mr. Graham’s office R. N. C. "   —    he appeared to be referring to servers at the An aide in Mr. Graham’s office ’s headquarters or contractors with current data   —    had the Republican National Committee There is no evidence that computers used by the Trump campaign or the Clinton campaign were also compromised , though the personal email account of John D. Podesta , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , was copied and released as part of the    hack . The testimony on Tuesday was the first since the release of the declassified report on Russia ’s interference in the 2016 presidential election , and it came four days after the findings were described to Mr. Trump . The panel The testimony on Tuesday convened by the Senate Intelligence Committee , included James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence , and Adm. Michael S. Rogers , the head of the National Security Agency and of the military ’s Cyber Command . John O. Brennan , director of the Central Intelligence Agency , and Mr. Comey also Mr. Clapper goal of the Russian effort was to disparage Mrs. Clinton   —    whom the Russians hoped to weaken if she won   —    and over time to favor Mr. Trump . Under questioning , Mr. Clapper said he believed that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and his aides Mrs. Clinton   actively ordered the operation that resulted in the hacking , though he left unclear how Mr. Clapper may have Mr. Clapper in the details . After receiving a briefing on Mr. Clapper report on Friday , Mr. Trump acknowledged for the first time that Russia Mr. Clapper sought to hack into President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and his aides had actively ordered the operation that resulted in the hacking Democratic National Committee ’s computer systems . But he insisted that the effort had played no role Mr. Clapper election , and he said nothing about Russia conclusion that Mr. Putin preferred him to Mrs. Clinton . Senator Mark Warner , Mr. Clapper of Virginia and the committee ’s vice chairman , Mr. Clapper the election hacking Mr. Clapper one of the most serious events Mr. Clapper public life Mr. Clapper " At times , Democrats on the committee steered the conversation toward whether intelligence officials were investigating any link between the Russians and Mr. Trump ’s campaign . But Mr. Comey declined to discuss it . " Especially in a public forum , we never confirm or deny any investigation , " Mr. Comey said . Many Democrats still blame him for Mrs. Clinton ’s defeat , citing his ambiguous letter less than two weeks before the election disclosing new questions about emails on her private Mr. Comey Senator Angus King , independent of Maine Mr. Comey who supported Mrs. Clinton , could not Mr. Comey an aside . " The irony of your making that statement here I can not avoid , " he said . Mr. Comey , seeking to establish a nonpartisan Mrs. Clinton’s later joked , " I hope I ’ve demonstrated by now I ’m tone deaf when it comes to politics   — Mr. Comey and that Mr. Comey way it should be . " Republicans , for their part , raised few doubts about the intelligence community ’s conclusions , but they dwelled little on the report ’s finding that Mr. Putin had a clear preference for Mr. Trump . Senator Marco Rubio , Republicans of Florida , suggested that Russia had achieved its broader goal of sowing Republicans chaos and disorder " in the electoral system . 
 Russia 