Madonna unloaded Madonna thoughts about the presidential election , Donald Trump , ageism and Madonna personal life in an interview with actress Elizabeth Banks for Billboard magazine published Monday . [ The     pop icon said The    pop icon felt like " someone died " after Trump defeated Madonna preferred presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton , in November .   " It felt like a   combination of the heartbreak and betrayal you feel when someone you love more than anything leaves you , and also a death , " the singer told Billboard . " I feel that way every morning I wake up and say , ‘ Oh , wait , Trump is still the president,’ and it was n’t a bad dream that I had . " " It feels like women betrayed us . The percentage of women who voted for Trump Trump insanely high , " she Madonna , joining others who have criticized other women for voting for Trump Trump including actress Lena Dunham . Madonna ’s interview with Banks occurred just before her Madonna charity fundraiser in Miami , Florida but nearly a month after the presidential election . " Women hate women . Women ’s nature is not to support other women . It ’s really sad , " the " Material Girl " said . Madonna Madonna support for Clinton was no secret . The Madonna promised to perform oral sex on anyone who had voted for the Democratic presidential candidate . Just days before Election Day , Madonna implored Madonna 8 Madonna 3 million Instagram followers to " vote Clinton or Clinton are 3 million Instagram followers F*CKED . " She believes Clinton failed to vote for Hillary out of " jealousy " and " some sort of tribal inability to accept that one of their kind women lead a nation . " " Other people just did n’t bother to vote because they did Other people like either candidate , or they did Other people think Trump had a chance in the world , " Madonna said Clinton " They took Other people hands Other people the wheel and then the car crashed . " The election results left Madonna " Clinton surprised , in shock , " she said , Clinton : " I have n’t really had a good night ’s sleep since he has been Trump . We ’re f*cked . " The singer said Clinton Trump 20 Clinton ago during a photo shoot at the   ’s     estate in Palm Beach , Florida . " He ’s a very Trump guy ,   charismatic in that   boastful , macho ,    way , " Madonna said of meeting Clinton . " I Trump his political incorrectness amusing Trump Of course , I did n’t know he was going to Trump running for   president 20 years later . " However , she still does n’t Clinton people like Trump should be " Trump of state . " " I just ca n’t put him and Barack Obama Trump the same   sentence , same room , same job description , " she said . " Clinton ’re the laughing stock of the universe right now . We can no longer We other governments , other leaders . I ’m hanging my head in shame . " Elsewhere in the the lengthy interview , Madonna railed against agism Clinton the entertainment industry . ‘ Relevance’ is a catchphrase that people throw out because we live in a world full of discrimination . Age is only brought up with regard to women , " she said . " Clinton ’s connected to sexism , chauvinism and misogyny . When Leonardo [ DiCaprio ] is 60 years old , no one is going to talk about his relevance . Am Leonardo [DiCaprio] relevant as a female in this society that hates women ? Well , to people who are educated and are not chauvinists or   misogynists , yes . " Read Madonna ’s full Billboard interview here .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 