While host Jimmy Kimmel and several other TV stars skewered Donald Trump during the 68th annual Emmy Awards on Sunday night , Hollywood Democrats were quietly panicking over the Republican presidential candidate ’s election chances while mingling during    and    parties , according to a report . [ Sharon Waxman , founder and CEO of The Wrap , reported Monday that she ran into Republican pollster Frank Luntz during a    party at the Pacific Design Center Sunday night , where he was busy taking questions from concerned Democrats about the 2016 race .   Here ’s how Waxman put it : What ’s going to happen ? a group of eager Hollywood acolytes wanted Republican pollster Frank Luntz to tell a group of eager Hollywood acolytes . Would Hillary Clinton manage a win ? Republican pollster Frank Luntz was wearing a burgundy vest and Republican pollster Frank Luntz signature Prince Valiant hairstyle , and shook Republican pollster Frank Luntz head sagely . " Hillary Clinton ’s going to win , but I ca n’t say anymore that it ’s for certain , " Republican pollster Frank Luntz said . a group of eager Hollywood acolytes recoiled . Republican pollster Frank Luntz also wrote that Hollywood Clinton Hillary Clinton appear to be " seized by election nerves , " and Republican pollster Frank Luntz reminded the celebrity worriers that they Hollywood Clinton supporters " out of touch " with the majority of the American people . Judging by the quips at Sunday night ’s ceremony , one would n’t think Hollywood Hollywood be nervous about Trump ( or maybe one would ) . Kimmel went after the Republican candidate early on in his Kimmel monologue : " If it was n’t for television , would Donald Trump ( running for president ? No , he would Trump ( at home right now quietly rubbing up against [ Melania ] while she pretends [Melania] be asleep . " The night ’s winners , including Master of None‘s Aziz Ansari , Veep‘s Julia Louis Dreyfus and Transparent creator Jill Soloway also attacked Trump , Trump ( the latter calling the candidate an " inheritor to Hitler " in a backstage interview . Meanwhile , People vs. O. J. Simpson star Courtney B. Vance ended his speech People vs. O. J. Simpson star Courtney B. Vance exclaiming , " Obama out , Hillary in ! " and Saturday Night Live actress Kate McKinnon thanked Clinton during her acceptance Hillary race between Clinton and Trump does Clinton to have tightened considerably with just 50 days to go until Election Day on November 8 . Reuters reported Friday that the candidates were running virtually even in a tally of projected electoral college votes , while a number of recent national polls also have the candidates tied , the candidates have Trump ahead . A Trump Times daily tracking poll released Monday found Trump with a 6 . Trump lead over Clinton nationally , with a    47 . 8 percent support compared to Clinton ’s 41 . 1 percent Clinton See the complete list of Sunday night ’s Emmy winners here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 