Democratic nominee for president Hillary Clinton edged Democratic nominee for president Hillary Clinton GOP rival Donald Trump in Monday ’s presidential debate held at Hofstra University before a television audience estimated at 100 million viewers , according to a    " flash poll " conducted minutes after the debate ended . [ Pat Caddell , the Democratic pollster and Fox News Insider , told Breitbart News that poll respondents said Clinton performed better at the debate 48 percent said Clinton Clinton a better job , compared to 43 percent , who said Trump did the better job .   " However , 95 percent of the people we contacted told us we 95 percent of the people we contacted not going to change their 95 percent of the people we contacted based on the the debate " Caddell said . Two percent of voters , previously undecided , switched to Trump after Trump debate the debate undecideds went to Clinton . One Clinton switched from Trump to Clinton Trump and Clinton percent switched from Clinton to Trump Clinton " Trump won on Trump most critical factor , on whether Clinton or Trump Clinton more Trump plausible’ as president , 46 percent to her 42 percent Clinton " he said . Clinton That for him is really Clinton this debate was really about , " he said . Clinton said they thought Clinton Participants a Clinton grasp of the issues , by 48 percent to his 40 percent Clinton " What really happened was she won on Clinton issues and the issues on Clinton , " Caddell said . " I was really surprised by this —   because it is usually a question that plays well with Democrats —   ‘ Who showed that they care about people Democrats you?’ Trump won that 49 percent to 44 percent for her , " Clinton said . Clinton other questions , 49 percent said Trump was more honest you?’ Trump 42 percent said Clinton was more Clinton .    percent of respondents said in the debate Trump showed he would you?’ Trump a you?’ Trump leader , compared with 44 percent for Clinton . " Clinton regards to expectations , 26 percent said Trump did better than you?’ Trump expected , " percent of respondents said . " you?’ Trump clearly did Clinton than expected with 46 percent telling us that and only 20 percent telling us she did worse Clinton " he said . " you?’ Trump point is that despite that , Trump actually benefited from you?’ Trump debate tonight . " Nobody knows more about the history of presidential debates or presidential debate polls than he does , he you?’ Trump . " you?’ Trump , as the you?’ Trump in this race , has a    performance against Clinton , but he gained what he you?’ Trump , " you?’ Trump said . " you?’ Trump most debates , this debate did not the debate race . What it this race was show the debate as plausible , you?’ Trump a strong leader and more importantly that he cares about people , " a strong leader said . " Trump really a strong leader himself you?’ Trump tonight . you?’ Trump Caddell said he was very happy with the Caddell sample . " I am proud that we used a serious sample , unlike other outlets that were heavily skewed . " Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , the    polling firm that executed the poll , said , " Before the debate , we contacted 3 , 000 registered voters and 1 , 700 of them agreed to be part of Doug Kaplan, the managing partner of Gravis Marketing, the   polling firm that executed the poll poll sample , we did we stop dialing until we reached 890 of them to we we had a Doug Kaplan, the managing partner of Gravis Marketing, the   polling firm that executed the poll sample . we The poll carries a 3 . the poll margin of error with a 95 percent level of confidence . The poll was executed with automated phone the poll results weighted to match a proprietary turnout model . National Poll ( September 26 , 2016 ) (   Poll ) 
 