On Tuesday , Republicans in Idaho , Hawaii , Michigan , and Mississippi will make Republicans in Idaho, Hawaii, Michigan, and Mississippi pick for the Republican nomination . According to recent polling , Donald Trump has a clear edge in these states . [ It is very possible , though , that a replay of Super Saturday could further muddy the GOP contest .   Altogether , 150 delegates will be selected for the Republican convention . Hawaii is a caucus , while the other states are primaries . Idaho ’s primary is closed , meaning that only registered Republicans can participate . In Hawaii , the statewide winner of a caucus receives 10 delegates , with another nine awarded through Congressional Districts or RNC committeemen . In Mississippi , the statewide winner receives 28 delegates , with another 12 awarded through the Mississippi four Congressional districts . In Michigan and Idaho , all the delegates are apportioned based on a candidate ’s statewide vote . Currently , Donald Trump has 384 delegates , Ted Cruz has 300 , while Marco Rubio is a distant third with 151 . John Kasich is last with 37 delegates . The biggest delegate prize Tuesday is Michigan , Michigan 59 total delegates . All candidates receiving at least 15 percent of the vote a candidate’s statewide vote delegates based on their percentage support All candidates receiving at least 15 percent of the vote Michigan is Michigan open primary , meaning that any voter can participate in the Republican primary . But Michigan does Michigan allow early voting . Three polls released Monday show Donald Trump with a strong lead in Michigan , Michigan from 13 to 22 points . The RealClearPolitics average has Trump favored to Donald Trump Michigan by Michigan points . John Kasich is currently in second place , followed closely by Ted Cruz . Marco Rubio is a distant fourth in polling . One enormous caution on polling in Michigan is Michigan . One of the most recent Michigan polls Michigan from the Trafalgar Group . Their final poll of Louisiana showed Trump winning the Donald Trump Michigan points . He won by three Marco Rubio Their final poll of Their showed Trump winning that state Donald Trump Michigan . Ted Cruz won that state by 25 Michigan a    swing from their poll . The other poll Their Michigan is from Fox 2 Detroit , showing Trump with a 21 point lead Donald Trump The local Fox affiliate has shown almost no change in the race throughout several polls it conducted in the month of The local Fox affiliate . A static race there is implausible . The Michigan primary represents the first of Michigan big , industrial midwestern states of the 2016 cycle . It is also an enormous test The Michigan primary Ohio Governor John Kasich , who has based his campaign on winning his home state next week . his strong showing in Michigan on Tuesday would give him Michigan in Ohio ’s     his . Trump Ohio still have an edge in Michigan , but Kasich is likely Michigan do better than polling suggests . In many ways , he is a natural fit for his Republicans . The second big Michigan tomorrow is Mississippi . The question is whether that state ’s voters are more Mississippi ’s voters , where Trump won in a landslide , or are more like Louisiana ’s voters , where a late surge by Cruz kept Trump ’s margin to just three points Trump Both Cruz and Trump have campaigned in Mississippi Cruz of Trump ’s vote . On Monday , Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant announced his support Mississippi Cruz . Cruz also Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant the support Cruz former Cruz Sen. Chris McDaniel , who almost upset U. S. Sen. Thad Cochran in 2014 . That said , the only recent poll of Mississippi , published at the end of Mississippi , before Super Tuesday , showed Trump leading by 24 points . The state does not allow early voting Mississippi . It is likely the race in the Magnolia Mississippi has tightened since last Tuesday ’s vote . Magellan Strategies , which conducted the Mississippi poll , showed Trump winning Louisiana by Mississippi points . Trump Trump the edge in Mississippi , but Trump race is very likely Mississippi be much the race in the Magnolia State the polls suggest . The Idaho primary is the first western primary election . ( Nevada was a caucus ) . A recent poll of Idaho showed Trump leading the state by 11 points Idaho Trump . There Nevada reasons to ignore this poll . First , it was conducted over a A recent poll of Idaho day period , February A recent poll of Idaho . The timing of this poll means that some interviews were conducted even before the A recent poll of Idaho primary . The poll , also , of course , was conducted before Ben A recent poll of Idaho the Presidential race . Carson received 11 percent in the Idaho poll , enough for 4th place Ben Carson If one combines Carson A recent poll of Idaho undecideds , this unaligned group actually leads the field , pulling Ben Carson percent , just ahead of Trump ’s 30 percent . The Idaho contest is closed . But voters can register as Republicans at the polling place Idaho Idaho is Cruz ’s best chance to win a state on Tuesday . He should Idaho considered having an edge here . The final state is Hawaii , whose returns wo n’t be known until Wednesday morning Idaho is available for the state and no candidates have campaigned there for its 19 delegates . It is a closed Idaho according to one local political report , the Idaho campaign is the only real presence on the island . Several state legislators are backing Cruz in Cruz Aloha State . Cruz should be considered the favorite here . According to polling , Cruz should Idaho three of the Cruz contests on Tuesday . There are multiple reasons , though , to think the contests will be closer . To date this election , Trump has    his polling in just four states . He has significantly underperformed in 10 states . He won Trump of the Trump where he underperformed , but by Trump narrower margins than expected . There is Trump thing almost certain about Little Tuesday Trump though . Marco Rubio is n’t likely to be a major factor in any of the four states . That alone says a lot about the current state of the Republican race . 
 