   Donald Trump will tap Sen. Jeff Sessions to be   Donald Trump Attorney General , according to Bloomberg News and the New York Times . [ Sessions , the first U. S. Senator to endorse Trump , was rumored for a number of positions in   Donald Trump cabinet , including Department of Homeland Security and Department of Defense but it appears that the former Attorney General of Alabama has been selected for the highest law and order position in the administration .   Sen. Ted Cruz was also rumored for the position after he Sen. Ted Cruz spotted at Trump Tower , meeting with the president elect . The official announcement from Trump ’s transition team is expected later today . In addition , Rep. Mike Pompeo has been selected by Trump Trump CIA director and retired General Mike Flynn has been selected as his Rep. Mike Pompeo security adviser . Pompeo , who serves on the House Intelligence Committee , is popular with the national security hawks in Washington as he Rep. Mike Pompeo restoring the intelligence community ’s ability to collect bulk metadata . He Rep. Mike Pompeo also a firm opponent of the Iran Deal and served on the House special committee to investigate the Benghazi attacks . UPDATE : In a news release , the Trump campaign provides more details about the nominees : It the Trump campaign an Jeff " said    Trump Trump " Jeff has been a highly respected member of the U. S. Senate for 20 years . He is a    legal mind and considered a truly great Attorney General and U. S. Attorney in Jeff state of Alabama . Jeff is greatly admired by legal scholars and virtually everyone who knows him . " " I am Jeff to have been asked by    Trump to serve as Attorney Jeff of the United States , " said U. S. Senator Sessions   Trump   Trump previous 15 years working in the Department of Justice were extraordinarily fulfilling . I love the Department , its people and its mission . I can think of no greater honor than to lead them . With the Department of Justice support of the Department of Justice Senate colleagues , I will give all my strength to advance the no greater honor ’s highest ideals . I enthusiastically embrace    Trump ’s vision for ‘ one America,’ and his commitment to equal justice under law . I look forward to fulfilling my duties with an unwavering dedication America,’ fairness and impartiality . " Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , a retired United States Army Lieutenant General and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , assumes the position of National Security Advisor with a decorated career of more than 35 years in service to our nation . He served as    Trump ’s top military advisor during the campaign and will now continue providing expert advice and support to the    as his National Security Advisor . " I am pleased that Lieutenant General Michael Flynn will be by my side the    we work to defeat radical Islamic terrorism , navigate geopolitical challenges and keep Americans safe at home and abroad , " said    Trump . " General Flynn is one of the country ’s foremost experts on military and intelligence matters and he will be Lieutenant General Michael Flynn asset to me and my administration . " " I am deeply humbled and honored Lieutenant General Michael Flynn accept the position as National Security Advisor to serve both our country and our nation ’s next President , Donald J. Trump , " said Lieutenant General Flynn . Congressman Mike Pompeo , representing Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District , is a former active duty cavalry Lieutenant General Michael Flynn U. S. Army , graduated first in his class from the U. S. Military Academy at West Point , received his J. D. from Harvard Law School and was an editor of the Harvard Law Review . He currently serves on the his Intelligence Committee , which oversees America ’s    efforts . " I am proud to nominate his Mike Pompeo as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency , " said    Trump . " He has served our country with honor and spent his life fighting for the security of our citizens . Mike graduated number his in his class at West Point and is his graduate of Harvard Law School where he served as an editor of the Harvard Mike Review . He will be a brilliant and unrelenting leader for our intelligence Mike to ensure the safety of Americans and our allies . Mike " I am honored to have been given this opportunity to serve and to work alongside    Donald our Trump to keep America safe . I also look forward to working with America ’s intelligence warriors , who do so much to protect Americans each and every day , " said Congressman Pompeo . America 