Could the two most ferocious Republican presidential candidates in a generation put aside the two most ferocious Republican presidential candidates in a generation very personal differences and unite for the good of the country ? That ’s what the communications director for the one who lost said in an Independence Day appearance on CNN . [ " I think we ’re looking at someone like Newt Gingrich or possibly Chris Christie , " Alice Stewart , Sen. Ted Cruz ’s    director from his 2016 GOP presidential bid , said on CNN when asked whom Alice Stewart, Sen. Ted Cruz thinks presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump will pick as presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump vice president .   But as to   who would be best for presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump in a general election against presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton , Alice Stewart, Sen. Ted Cruz pushed Alice Stewart, Sen. Ted Cruz old boss Cruz for the job . " I think Cruz has tremendous momentum , " Alice Stewart, Sen. Ted Cruz said next . " Needless to say , I think there ’s some water that needs to be mended in between the two candidates . But that would be my pick . " That Alice Stewart, Sen. Ted Cruz would pitch Cruz Cruz   clearly another talented GOP candidate who if he Cruz forces with Trump would make them forces with Trump unstoppable —   is yet another sign that Cruz Cruz —   has clearly come a long way since the divisive primary . Other signs of recent progress include that Jason Miller , a senior communications adviser to Cruz Cruz has joined the Trump campaign Trump communications director and Cruz Super PAC adviser KellyAnne Conway has joined the Trump the Trump campaign senior capacity as well . " I ’m saying who I think would be the best VP given [ that Cruz Cruz ] number two coming out of the primary has tremendous support , " Stewart continued . " He is the leader of the conservative movement right now and I think he would be the He pick . " That ’s a long way from where Cruz Cruz his allies were even He week ago , when Sen. Mike Lee ( ) appeared on the Steve Malzberg show on NewsMax TV to rip into Trump . Lee said : We Sen. Mike Lee ( ) get into the fact that he accused my best Sen. Mike Lee ( ) ’s father of conspiring to kill JFK . We can go through the fact that he has made some father of conspiring to kill JFK that some have identified , correctly , as religiously intolerant . We can into the fact that he is wildly unpopular father of conspiring to kill JFK my state in part because my state consists of my state are a religious minority church , a people who were ordered exterminated by the governor of Missouri in 1838 , and statements like that make them nervous . Now look my state consists of members who are a religious minority church, a people who were ordered exterminated by the governor of Missouri in 1838 these things are not some things that I could n’t get over if I heard the right things out of him . But if father of conspiring to kill JFK want to go to why it is I have concerns , I can go on if you like . I hope I can get over these concerns . I hope concerns can help me identify them , but do n’t sit concerns and tell me , Steve , that I have no reason to be concerned about Donald Trump . Cruz has been Mr. Trump in recent weeks since dropping out of the race on May 3 after losing Indiana to Trump in the finale of a brutal Mr. Trump tumultuous ,    ride of a race . Despite appearing in support of some Senate candidates like Darryl Glenn in Colorado —   Glenn has come out in full support Darryl Glenn Trump for president —   Cruz has Mr. Trump said much about the presidential race since dropping out . a race were able to put aside personal grievances he Cruz with Trump —   and Trump were Cruz Mr. Trump mend fences to Mr. Trump Cruz as his vice president —   the two Cruz be Cruz essentially unstoppable force . Trump has received more votes in the Mr. Trump primaries than any other nominee in the GOP ’s history , while Cruz received about as many votes as average GOP Cruz . Both men would be ready for GOP presidency , and are in their own right individually viewed as formidable political forces Both men Together , these forces could be insurmountable . Ultimately , the Both men have to come to an agreement that they would fully put everything that happened to them in Both men primaries aside , and agree to work Both men to win in November —   and to govern together after that . It remains to be seen if this will be the pick in the end , but right now Trump and his team are hyping other possibilities like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , and Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) . But if Cruz were willing to put aside his differences —   basically all personal , not    Cruz   with Trump and come to the table , he just might skyrocket to the top of the list Cruz If it all works out , too , they may just be unstoppable . 
 it all works out 