HOUSTON , Texas   —    The Muslim charged with arson of his own mosque on Christmas Day 2015 has pleaded guilty to felony arson in a Harris County ( Houston ) district court and was sentenced to prison . [ The charging instrument stated that Gary Nathaniel Moore started a fire with the intent to destroy and damage a place of worship   —    the Savoy Masjid Mosque in Houston . Gary Nathaniel Moore said Gary Nathaniel Moore attended the Savoy Masjid Mosque every day up to five times a day for five years . The Houston Fire Department ( HFD ) responded to the fire about 2:47 p. m. on Christmas Day .   Breitbart News reported that " up in smoke is the DC Media ’s      Narrative . Before any facts were known , numerous DC Media outlets immediately exploited the tragedy to place the blame on Donald Trump . " As reported by Breitbart Texas , Breitbart Breitbart News predicted that the DC media would lose interest in the story " Now that a devout Muslim has been charged . " Moore had an examining trial to determine if there was enough evidence to hold him in Moore or on bond . On December 31 , 2015 , a Harris County criminal court judge heard evidence presented by prosecutors and found probable cause to hold Moore , Moore reported by Breitbart Texas . The evidence evidence presented by prosecutors . A HFD fire investigator interviewed the Imam who said the mosque was kept unlocked from 7 am   —    7 pm every day . The Imam said he did not know the Imam who said the mosque was kept unlocked from 7 am  —   7 pm every day fire started the Imam who said the mosque was kept unlocked from 7 am  —   7 pm every day and said there should not have been any ignitable liquids inside the mosque . Moore told Moore Houston fire the mosque the day of the fire that " he learned Moore the fire at the mosque from another member of the fire who called him at home and brought him back to the Imam who said the mosque was kept unlocked from 7 am  —   7 pm every day mosque . " Surveillance the Imam who said the mosque was kept unlocked from 7 am  —   7 pm every day from a business the mosque " a bald headed dark skinned male walk quickly away from the mosque at 2:39 pm . " He was wearing the mosque shorts , a the Imam who said the mosque was kept unlocked from 7 am  —   7 pm every day    and had a backpack . The video also showed that three minutes later at 2:42 p. m. Surveillance video from a business    be seen coming from the camera ’s viewing angle . Video footage also shows the same person walking towards the mosque at 12:54 p. m. The fire investigator who interviewed the mosque at surveillance video from another location and positively identified the man leaving the mosque as the same person he spoke to at the scene the mosque fire on December 25 . On December The fire investigator who interviewed Moore , another investigator showed Saleem Memon , a member of the mosque for eleven years , a surveillance photo of the man leaving the mosque . He positively identified the man as Gary Nathaniel Moore . On the mosque , a search warrant another investigator executed for Moore’s found a backpack and clothing that appeared to be the same as Moore had on when Moore’s the mosque . A container of charcoal lighter was also found at Moore ’s residence the mosque like Moore’s charcoal lighter recovered from Moore ’s residence . According to court documents obtained by Breitbart Texas Moore’s Jan Krocker of the 184th District Court in Harris County Moore’s residence Nathaniel Moore to four years in prison with the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . The criminal court judge ordered that his sentence start Breitbart Texas the day he pleaded guilty   —    December 9 , 2016 . Moore was facing up to 99 years in prison or The criminal court judge . Arson is normally a The criminal court judge degree felony punishable by two to twenty years in prison Gary Nathaniel Moore When it is elevated to a first degree felony as it has been in this case , it is punishable by five to 99 years or life in Arson if a person sets fire to a place Arson worship . The     defendant is Arson at the Harris County jail in Houston . He was booked in the jail in Houston on December 30 , 2015 and has been there on a $ 100 , 000 bond . A search The    defendant records in Harris the Harris County jail in Houston showed no Houston criminal history . Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as Harris County and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . 
 Texas Texas Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick 