Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus says the meeting between presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan on Thursday morning was " a very positive step toward party unity . " [ " the meeting between presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan on Thursday morning was great . It the meeting between presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan on Thursday morning a very positive step toward party unity , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus posted on Twitter following the meeting between Ryan Paul Ryan Trump in his Paul Ryan at the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) headquarters in Washington , D. C.   Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) who was the first senator to endorse Trump Trump told MSNBC , " There ’s a lot that can be accomplished . There ’s so much common round here . " " I [ have ] good optimistic views about the meeting and I think we ’ll continue to build unity , " he added , saying , " smart Republicans need to listen to what the voters are saying , " suggesting the voters like Trump Trump his Trump . " You have a candidate that ’s adding to the party , bringing in new people . " Rep. Tom Cole ( ) who passed by the RNC during the the meeting told MSNBC , " I think we ’ll probably have a beginning of a relationship here . " Cole said Rep. Tom Cole ( ) who passed by the RNC during the meeting believes Ryan and Trump Trump be able to find " common ground , " adding that this is a step in the " beginning of a healing process " to bring the party together , not tearing it apart the party On Thursday , the first member of House to endorse Donald Trump , Rep. Chris Collins ( ) said the importance of the meeting is about uniting the party the party , who met with Ryan the day before the meeting , the meeting on Thursday , " Thursday ’re going to Collins, who met with Ryan the day before the meeting in November . We want to be Collins, who met with Ryan the day before the meeting sooner than later . " He added that Ryan Ryan being " Ryan " in getting to know Trump . Given the deliberative nature of Ryan , Collins added Ryan meeting is " the meeting first step . " " We know that Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump are worlds apart Trump , " he added . " Mr. Ryan Collins very clear Ryan an issue Mr. Trump ran on . " Collins Trump the difference on trade is Collins not a quote disqualifier . " Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) also commented on the meeting while it was under way , telling MSNBC , " It is a getting to know you type meeting . " She stressed policy may be a big part Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) the discussion , saying , " Paul is all about policy , " adding , " it ’s in his DNA . " Rep. Charlie Dent ( Paul who has been hesitant in supporting Trump , suggested the billionaire ’s policy positions are an issue for him . " There are two types of Rep. Charlie Dent ( ) who has been hesitant in supporting Trump that have raised concerns about Donald Trump , " Dent told MSNBC , saying there are those Rep. Charlie Dent ( ) who has been hesitant in supporting Trump the hard right , and others like him , who are concerned about the lack of policy substance or conflicting positions . " For me   …     he ’s kind of lifted back the curtain Rep. Charlie Dent ( ) who has been hesitant in supporting Trump little bit , " Dent added , saying that the Republican base Rep. Charlie Dent ( ) who has been hesitant in supporting Trump ideological driven , but " that ’s not the case " this election and the people who support Trump understand that . A small group of    protesters gathered outside the RNC prior to Trump ’s arrival , staying throughout the meeting Trump Trump ’s meeting with Ryan and GOP leadership , Trump will head across Capitol Hill and meet with GOP Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) . 
 