An attorney for Richard L. Campbell , the man accused of punching a protester outside a Donald Trump rally in Asheville , North Carolina , last month tells Breitbart News that a new video produced by James O’Keefe ’s Project Veritas showing a Democratic consultant claiming responsibility for the incident should exonerate her client . [ " Mr . Campbell never assaulted anyone , " attorney Ruth Smith told Breitbart News via   . " He Campbell to a political rally as was his Campbell right .   " As a result of Ms. Teter ’s hoax , he Campbell his Campbell have been tarred and feathered in the media and he Campbell been charged as a criminal . It ’s disgusting that people would do this sort of thing to innocent people , and worse that they innocent people to make a sport out of it . " Campbell , 73 , was accused of       Shirley Teeter , who wears an oxygen tank . Teeter ’s claims were picked up by national media , and a warrant was issued for his a warrant by local police . Smith told Breitbart News at the time that Teeter Teeter " made up the whole thing . " She Smith that Campbell , who has cataracts , can not see well and was being led through the throng of protesters by his a warrant . She Smith to Facebook video that shows Teeter Teeter Campbell from behind and apparently reaching for his Campbell . He Campbell around , she Smith , and Teeter Teeter down . The Project Veritas video shows Scott Foval , a consultant for Democracy Partners , who works with the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign , taking credit for Teeter Teeter " assault . " He describes Campbell as Smith participant in a tactic called " " where trained activists are sent to Trump rallies to instigate violence , either inside or outside . The goal is to create bad press for Trump and Trump sense of " anarchy " around him that Campbell frighten voters . Foval nods when asked if Democracy Partners is responsible for the incident and confirms that she was Smith trained , " though he adds Campbell his group Campbell not have direct contact with Teeter . " We did n’t know who she was Smith of time , " Foval says Foval " We just We somebody who connected with her before Smith rally . And we knew We she was Smith herself out Smith to draw a fire . That ’s all we knew We " Focal also explained to Project Veritas’ undercover journalist how Democracy Partners arranges for a volunteer to help activists with press coverage , to maximize the impact of each " " incident , wherever it occurs . He also explained that " " operations can recruit activists from any demographic group , using focus groups to filter potential participants , including the elderly . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 