Republican nominee Donald Trump addressed the stakes of the 2016 election and delineated the differences between Republican nominee Donald Trump immigration plan and Hillary Clinton ’s at a luncheon to honor " America ’s most forgotten families " —    the victims of illegal alien crime . [ " Your cause and your stories are ignored by our political establishment because Your cause and your stories are determined to keep our borders open at any cost , " Trump told attendees of the Remembrance Project luncheon on Saturday . " To Your cause and your stories your presence is just too inconvenient . That ’s all it is , it ’s an inconvenience . "   Trump noted that Hillary Clinton has repeatedly refused to meet with the angel mothers and fathers , who have been forced to bury the angel mothers and fathers, who have been forced to bury their loved ones as a result of our open borders loved ones as a result of our open borders . " Hillary Clinton will never hear your stories . Hillary Clinton will never share your pain . Hillary Clinton will only meet with the donors and the special interests and the open border advocates , " Trump said . " Hillary Clinton is the   …      first person to ever run for presidency of a country effectively proposing to abolish the borders around the country that she Hillary Clinton supposed to be representing , " Trump explained . Trump went on to say : But the media does n’t want you to know that . So they the media never ask her Hillary Clinton questions about her Hillary Clinton . [ It her plan wo n’t be talked about at the debate   …      like how she Hillary Clinton afford to give lifetime welfare and entitlements to illegal immigrants , or how many people will be victimized because of the illegal immigrants that will be released from federal custody   …      She Hillary Clinton not asked to explain what she Hillary Clinton say to the American workers who lose their jobs as she Hillary Clinton out millions of work permits for those here against the law . Trump pointed out that he Trump received the endorsement of the nation ’s border patrol agents , who have " warned that Hillary Clinton ’s [ immigration ] plan would put the entire country in grave danger   …      They he recently received the endorsement of the nation’s border patrol agents, who have "warned that Hillary Clinton’s [immigration] plan would put the entire country in grave danger   it Hillary Clinton’s [immigration] plan radical,’ ‘ deeply dangerous’ and warned it Hillary Clinton’s [immigration] plan trigger ‘ ‘ unprecedented crisis,’ " Trump said , adding : Her crisis,’" Trump for total amnesty in the first 100 days , which means Obamacare , social security , and Medicare for illegal immigrants . Her plan crisis,’" Trump     on the border , sanctuary cities , ignoring visa overstays , closing detentions centers and a virtual end to immigration enforcement in the United States of America . Hillary Clinton has even announced that she plans to Hillary Clinton around Congress and implement amnesty by executive order violating our Constitution and putting the entire nation in grave peril . During his address , Trump discussed the crime statistics that frequently go ignored by corporate media , as well as Hillary Clinton ’s record of failing to crack down on illegal alien crime . He said : his 2013 the Obama administration has allowed 300 , 000 criminal aliens to return back into the United States and its communities . the United States to a report from the Boston Globe , from the year 2008 thorough 2014 , nearly 13 , 000 criminal aliens were released back into U. S. communities because their home countries U. S. communities not take them back   their home countries      Most of these 13 , 000 releases occurred on Hillary Clinton ’s watch . She had the Hillary Clinton’s to stop it cold and she did n’t Hillary Clinton’s Now my opponent will never meet with you . [ She has ] Hillary Clinton’s interest . You know that because you ’ve been trying for a long time , for years . In particular , Trump focused on a recent case that took place earlier this month in which a Laotian illegal alien shot and critically wounded two correctional officers in California . Trump explained that Trump illegal alien would not have been in the country if Clinton had taken action and enforced federal law while she was Secretary Clinton State . Trump said : Trump few days ago , two correctional officers in California were critically California after being shot by an illegal immigrant who overstayed his visa . Trump individual was two correctional officers in California child rape and was slated to be deported , but his home country the country two correctional officers in California back . He was simply two correctional officers in California bad , two correctional officers in California tough , too evil . They said we refuse to take two correctional officers in California back two correctional officers in California One of the two correctional officers in California has six children , is an air force veteran , and a high school football coach . The other victim is a mother and a grandmother . When Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State the matter of this country   …      refusing to take back their deported citizens came before Hillary Clinton ’s desk . But she failed to take forceful action Hillary Clinton ignored the federal law requiring her to suspend visas to countries Hillary Clinton do n’t take back their citizens . She did n’t visas to get Hillary Clinton . Politicians . Politicians . 
 