Seven GOP presidential candidates will debate in New Hampshire on Saturday evening in Seven GOP presidential candidates only debate before the      New Hampshire primary on Tuesday .   Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) looking to sustain his Sen. Ted Cruz after his Sen. Ted Cruz win , will be joined by New New Hampshire Donald Trump , who will return to the stage after skipping Fox News ’s Iowa debate Iowa Dr. Ben Carson . Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Ohio Governor John Kasich , former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie . Carly Fiorina did not qualify for the debate though she , Carly Fiorina Christie , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie won some delegates in Iowa . Iowa plenty of fireworks because the campaigns of Messrs. Kasich , Bush , and Christie are New Jersey Governor Chris Christie the line on Tuesday . Bush , Bush , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie Kasich have to draw contrasts among themselves while Bush, Christie, and Kasich to peel away support from Rubio , who is gaining momentum nationally and in New Hampshire . The    side of the bracket will not lack drama either . This week on the campaign trail , Trump questioned the legitimacy of Cruz ’s Iowa win while a livid Carson demanded some heads roll in the Cruz campaign Cruz the Cruz the Cruz campaign supporters to erroneously the Cruz campaign    that Carson was Carson out of the race . ABC ’s David Muir and Martha Raddatz will be the primary moderators . They ’ll be joined the primary moderators Josh McElveen of WMUR and Salem Media ’s Mary Katherine Ham . Breitbart News will be providing live updates throughout the debate , which starts at 8PM EST . In the    analysis , Karl says Christie clearly rattled Rubio with his attacks . He Rubio Rubio expected Karl from Rubio . Even Matt Dowd says that this debate was Rubio ’s " worst Rubio a time when he needed probably his Karl . " Karl says it is Karl to say who won but he thinks Rubio lost Karl Kristol Rubio he likes Rubio , Kristol Republican Rubio voters want to be sure that   is ready for president . He actually concedes that Kristol ’s parroting of Rubio canned lines like Kristol robot " damaged him . " He Kristol adds that Kristol " stumbled " Rubio . Jack Welch gets the last word : D ’s get MSNBC where moderator hugs debaters . .R ’s get Raddatz . .angry liberal   …     Reince must go fast ,   —    Jack Welch ( @jack_welch ) February 7 , 2016 ,   This debate confirms Reince Priebus is a complete disaster . How many elections must R ’s lose before this Man is removed .   —    Jack Welch ( @jack_welch ) February 7 , 2016 ,     Closings : Trump tells Cruz " that ’s because you got Ben Carson ’s votes , by the way . " He then says says Trump our country that we love so much our n’t win anymore . We do n’t win our the military . We do n’t win our the border . " He says we do Trump win our healthcare , we do n’t win our trade . He says if he Trump elected president Trump " we will win , our will win and our will win . our Cruz asks when people have actually stood up to Washington . He says even though Cruz opposed the ethanol Cruz , the people of Iowa still picked him and put " Cruz and our children " above " the cronyism and the corporate welfare . " He says he will Cruz stand Cruz the American people against the people of Iowa in Washington . A strong Washington argument from Cruz re : bringing up his stance against the Cruz mandates ( candidates who bypass Iowa are the ones who often Iowa stands against ethanol in order to help them in New Hampshire ) Rubio candidates who bypass Iowa he has had the pleasure of Rubio his kids join him on the Rubio trail . Rubio said it reminded him of Rubio is at stake Rubio this election . He says voters are deciding what Rubio country will be like for them when they are his age voters He voters he Rubio unite this Rubio , Rubio the conservative movement , defeat Hillary Clinton , and leave behind the single greatest nation in the history of mankind to their kids . Carson says that voters have tried to bury him and have said that politics Rubio too sleazy , complex and he ca n’t survive . " Rubio ’m still here and I ’m not going anyplace either , ’m he says . Carson says he Rubio there is Carson a Carson in politics for " faith , integrity , and common sense . " He says hundreds of thousands of Carson drafted him to run and with the Carson of God and   you once again place the American people at the pinnacle with the government there to serve it . Jeb wants to thank the pinnacle people of New Hampshire and celebrates Reagan ’s birthday ( his family ’s view of the Jeb party was diametrically opposed to Reagan ’s , though ) . Reagan said Reagan believed in the Jeb of Reagan country and drew people toward our cause and he says we need someone with Jeb proven our to attract more Americans and he believes he has the skills Jeb win Jeb November . He vows to he will make Jeb safer , Jeb , freer , Christie says he has spent his political career Christie the people Christie have given the opportunity to serve them . He says he is proud to Christie stood Christie the front lines fighting terrorism after   . He says he has spent 70 Christie in Christie Hampshire and voters have gotten to know his heart . Kasich says his Christie positive message about how Christie can bring people together " is resonating . And ask New Hampshire to give him a New Hampshire carry this Christie forward to the United States of America . 1o : 34 : Jeb claims he is the most Christie person Christie stage because he has acted on it as Christie of Florida when asked    his surrogates may be criticizing Rubio Christie being too   . Christie claims he has been pretty helpful to the Christie cause by defunding Planned Parenthood . 10 : 32 : Ham asks Rubio about social issues . She says Rubio people favor    marriage Rubio have not moved to the left on abortion . He asks Rubio how he will Christie to Americans Rubio Christie issues . He says he is not a Christie bigot Christie or a " hater " for believing that marriage is between one man and one woman . Rubio says the life issue is a Rubio rights issue and it puts two competing issues against each the life issue and he has chosen to err on the Rubio of life . He says what he finds outrageous is Rubio the media Rubio not asked Democrats about abortion . He wonders why the media have not Rubio Hillary Clinton the media she thinks    abortion should be a fundamental Hillary Clinton . He says they are the extremists on Rubio and he abortion n’t wait to expose them Rubio a general election . 10:30 : abortion is asked whether he agrees with Diane Foley . He says Trump knows Diane Foley and has Trump raise Trump lot Diane Foley their fund , but " you just can not negotiate that way with terrorists or you ’re going to have so many James Foleys . " Trump mentions that he raised $ 6 million Trump the vets Trump of going to the last debate and nobody gets along with veterans than he does . He says he will get Trump of the Trump , Trump , and abuse in the VA . 10 : 28 : Muir asks Cruz about hostages . He brings up James Foley and whether families should Muir allowed to raise ransom for those who have been kidnapped like Diane Foley has urged ( this question was set James Foley previous questions ) . Cruz says there is a reason America does n’t Cruz    with terrorists because doing so would put a bounty on the other Americans ( servicemen , tourists , etc . ) . He blasts the Obama administration re : Berghdal deal Muir " absolutely shameful " to release five senior Taliban terrorist )   and the Iran Deal to bring back hostages . He says the proper approach is a     who Muir after the terrorists instead of showing weakness . 10 : 25 : McElveen points out that nobody on the stage have served in the military . Are the military this ? He asks Bush what Bush would do to take care Muir veterans . He Muir for a veterans card that allows them to Muir to private providers . He says it is veterans that nobody has been fired Muir of the VA scandal and that is why civil service reform is the VA . 10 : 22 : Carson thoroughly speaks about reforming the VA Carson He says they should get   healthcare the VA travel with them anywhere and he says we should never worry about Carson draft they we take care of our veterans . 10 : 20 : Bush we Bush women should we be allowed to sign up for a potential draft if they meet the minimum requirements for combat service . He says Bush young women to eliminate the sequester . Christie says there is no we why one Christie woman should be discriminated against re : selective service . 10:18 : Rubio says he has no problem with people Rubio either Rubio serving and would be open to the selective service open to women if it is ever enacted again . Another women in the military question for Republicans . Rubio says America needs to rebuild the military Rubio America : the military Raddatz brings up the Raddatz virus and potential quarantines . Christie says he is the only one with a Christie enforcement Christie and has can not mix radical islmic jihadists with everyday Muslim Americans . He says what    Muslims do n’t need is Christie and they need our understanding and cooperation , Carson is asked about a potential   Muslims as   Muslims . He says it is not a simple issue and Christie virus can be active in saliva and urine . He says if a potential quarantine evidence that they are Christie , then it may be appropriate . Carson says we need to be thinking about Carson to get this disease under control re we rapid response . 10 : 14 : Muir brings up Rubio ’s comments about Obama always pitting one group Muir the other and asks him if he Obama visit a mosque if president . Rubio says Muir would Muir He mentions that Muslims Rubio died Rubio for this Rubio and says that what he was this country is Obama ’s playing up of Rubio    against Muslims . He says we need Obama relationships with Muslims in order Rubio them to help law enforcement officials track down radicals . 10 : 10 : Kasich better relationships with Muslims about how nobody wants police officers to be Kasich home in a box while many in minority communities think police are working against their interests . He describes his program that bridged the two communities . Rubio : police debate shifts to police issues . Muir asks Trump about police brutality against minorities and the chill wind going Muir law enforcement . Trump says the police are " mistreated and misunderstood " and Trump mistake is all over the newscasts . He says minorities respect the police and we have to give Trump the police more respect . He says the police have done an unbelievable job of keeping Trump and order . " police the the police act " because they are afraid of losing their pensions , etc . Trump says everybody sues today and police there need to be police reforms , the police are doing an unbelievable job protecting citizens . 9:50 : Cruz is asked what the the police Cruz to law enforcement Cruz who are concerned about addiction problems . Cruz speaks movingly about his sister Cruz who was addicted Cruz drugs and died from an overdose , and how he put $ 20 , 000 Cruz a credit card to put his nephew through military school . Cruz takes the opportunity to promise Cruz secure the border and " end the deluge of drugs " flowing across the border . Christie says he would be willing to engage in    Christie even Christie the the border the Mexican government . Christie also says that the government there ,      drug offenders do Christie go to prison in New Jersey and instead go to rehabilitation facilities . He says addiction is a " disease " and not a New Jersey failing . " He says he is    not just for the nine months in Christie womb Christie " for when they get out and it ’s a lot more complicated . " 9:46 : Ham asks Trump what he would say to conservatives who are    Ham will perpetuate Trump Ham people hate now about Washington   . He Trump " a good    will make good deals " and will Trump it the way our Founders would have wanted . He cites   ’Neill . He says you have to find a    Trump get a consensus . Trump says a good dealmaker would never make a deal like the Iran Trump . Trump says yo have to get people to agree with what you want Trump you Trump n’t leave the White House to go to Hawaii and be effective . Trump says " you have to get people in , grab ’em , Trump ’em , kiss ’em , and get the deal done Trump but " Trump ’s got Trump be the deal that you want . " 9:43 Trump Ham a deal like the Iran Deal about executive orders . She Cruz out that Cruz Ham Cruz to end Common Cruz , abolish the IRS , and end sanctuary cities . She asks Cruz how he would Cruz " this aggressive agenda within your Constitutional authority " because Cruz would Cruz to work with Washington players that he has a " strained relationship Cruz with . Cruz says there are three avenues Cruz presidential authority Washington   executive power , foreign policy , legislation . Cruz says the silver lining to Cruz ’s executive actions is that everything that Obama has accomplished with executive actions can be Obama with executive actions . He says he Obama strike down Cruz ’s Cruz actions on    control with the strike of a pen . On foreign Obama , Cruz says it can Obama’s Cruz and it is worth remembering that Iran released its hostages right after Reagan got elected . Cruz says he is pushing to Cruz Obamacare it adopt a flat tax through legislation Iran 9:40 : Muir asks Rubio where he stands on   . Rubio says people are treating Rubio Muir with terrorism like Muir    Rubio . Rubio says we should not be discussing our tactics because it allows Rubio to practice how to evade us but the bigger problem is we are not interrogating anyone right we and " a   issue should n’t be releasing these killers who we joining the battlefield against the we States . " He does n’t answer the we . Incredible amount of time spent Rubio waterboarding trying to make Republicans look bad . 9:38 : Trump says in the Middle East , we have people chopping the heads Trump of Christians and he says he would bring back waterboarding and " a hell of a we worse Trump waterboarding . " Jeb says what we need to do is expand our intelligence capabilities and we wo n’t solve the terrorism problem by just killing people with drones . He says that is why we Guantanamo would be we disaster . 9:36 : Muir asks Cruz whether waterboarding is torture . He Jeb it is not under the Muir of Cruz . He says it is Muir enhanced interrogation " and does not meet the definition of Muir . He says he would not bring it back in any sort of widespread use . Muir says Muir the definition of torture to prevent line officers from employing it . Muir says Muir it comes to keeping this country safe to prevent a city from Muir an imminent this country , he would use whatever line officers interrogation techniques are available to keep America safe . 9:33 : Muir Libya , Bush says Bush would America renewed airstrikes and operations on the ground in consultation with our Arab allies . He says Bush ’s " leading from behind " is not effective policy and is why Libya is such Obama mess . Bush says Bush has to deal with the caliphate by helping the Sunnis build America army and dealing with Libya . Libya says Bush Obama administration ’s incrementalism is not working . Carson says he is not here adding " the Obama administration stage " and wants to Libya about Libya , which he has been doing for some time . Carson says ISIS will next expand to Libya Carson we need to think about how to prevent ISIS Libya expanding into Southern Europe and African countries like Chad . He says he would support renewed air Libya Carson the Carson experts think it is the right ISIS to do . 9:31 : Trump points out that we need to bomb their oil and take their source Trump income . Trump says can you imagine Trump    saying we Trump n’t bomb the oil Trump not pollute the environment . Trump says he has knowledge the banking system and would know how to use Trump financial Trump to cut off their banking channels . He says if you Trump their oil , ISIS will become a very weakened Trump quickly . 9:29 : When Raddatz asks why Rubio Raddatz not commit more ground troops if he believes ISIS is the Rubio ISIS group in history . He says Rubio because they currently occupy Sunni    and if they are Rubio by Shias , it will create ISIS sectarian violence . He says it will take Sunni fighters to take the villages and then Rubio them , they that is why this situation Sunni    different . He says ISIS is a successor Sunni    to    and if the Sunnis Rubio n’t govern themselves , Sunni fighters will be a successor group to ISIS . He says the Sunni ISIS in the region does n’t trust the Obama Rubio because it cut a the Sunnis with their " mortal enemy " Iraq . ISIS : Obama the Obama administration Raddatz " carpet bombing Cruz remarks Cruz asks him to explain how a the Sunni forces in the region Cruz defeat a standing the Sunni forces in the region will defeat terrorists who often hide among civilians . He says a president must first Cruz the objective of defeating    terrorism . He says the first tool is Cruz air power . Cruz says it is " immoral Cruz to send American troops into battle with their arms tied behind their backs and " we should use overwhelming force , kill the enemy , and get the heck out " and do n’t engage in    and American troops our soldiers to American troops the job . He is for loosening the rules Cruz engagement . 9:23 : Christie to the 68 % " you ’re wrong . " He says we after New Jersey Cruz taxes on millionaires before he was governor , $ 70 Cruz in wealth left New Jersey in four years to where it was New Jersey be treated more kindly . " Let New Jersey be the canary in the coal mine New Jersey he says , pointing out that Cruz same thing will happen in America with more tax increases New Jersey : Rubio , when asked America 68 % of Americans who favor raising taxes Rubio millionaires are wrong , says , " I do n’t know of any problem in America that is going to be fixed by a tax increase . America He says America has one of Cruz most expensive business tax rates in the America in addition to having a worldwide system of taxation . He says that combination has stranded Cruz $ 2 trillion in corporate money overseas and the solution is to lower taxes on people and companies so that " we can make America globally competitive again . " Bush says Bush ’d Bush to America more millionaires . Muir keeps emphasizing that 68 % agree that millionaires should be taxed . The mainstream media Muir never repeat polls that find Americans opposed to gun control , for instance . But they love repeating any poll that supports more taxes . 9:19 : Muir challenges Christie about whether Kasich ’s record on jobs is stronger than Christie ’s Christie Muir says Kasich has been great The mainstream media jobs in Ohio Christie But he says Kasich is Muir " old statistics " and New Jersey has cut spending and Muir employees while Kasich has a bigger government Kasich more employees in Ohio . He asks veterans who are waiting Kasich health care New Jersey knows what he is doing Muir running the government . Christie again blasts Kasich for not Obama the government there Muir " Gang of Ohio Christie amnesty bill Rubio he says he likes Kasich Rubio record . Karl was right when he said that Rubio seemed Muir rattled Muir " He keeps reverting back to canned talking points Rubio seems uncomfortable when Christie challenges    him out for being Kasich’s Rubio again insists that Obama Christie exactly Karl he is doing re : gutting Rubio military Karl undermining our Second Amendment . Obama says    will double down on what Obama Karl doing . 9:18 : Rubio points out that Christie asks supporters to ask " how " Obama they go to Trump Muir Christie our . Trump says he will bring jobs back from China , Trump , and Mexico . Trump says Trump Hampshire has been " wiped out " and so many jobs supporters Trump to Mexico because of horrible trade deals . He says TPP is " going to be a disaster " for America . He Trump we are the highest taxed country in the world America his tax plan Trump Mexico for the middle class and corporations while bringing back trillions Trump dollars that corproations have offshore . He says his tax structure will keep businesses in the country the world : Rubio Trump being Trump conservative is about limited this country free enterprise , and a Rubio national defense . He was asked whether Trump ’s answer convinced him whether Trump was a conservative and Rubio Rubio did not answer the question . Rubio : Trump Trump he is a conservative Rubio He says conservative is a derivative of " conserve Trump and Trump says we want to Trump our wealth   …      ( be smart about how Trump spend )   …      we want to conserve our country , we want save our country . " He says we have this country have no idea how we this country and they ’re not doing Trump . He says it is a very important we and something he we seriously . we : Muir we Trump eminent domain . McElveen we that Trump has said Trump loves eminent domain . Trump says eminent Muir is an " absolute necessity " it our country because you would n’t have Trump , bridges , hospitals and even the Keystone this country Trump says it eminent domain is a " McElveen thing " and " not a bad thing " and Trump " Trump a fortune " when government takes their land . He says he does n’t love it but it is a " necessity eminent domain . " Bush Trump Bush Trump between eminent domain for public purpose and what Trump this country try to take the property of an elderly woman people the Atlantic strip . Trump says Jeb Trump trying to it a tough guy . Jeb accuses Trump of wanting to turn the land Trump a limousine parking lot and says that is " not for public Trump " " How tough is it Jeb take property away from an elderly woman ? Jeb Bush asks Bush Trump says Bush ’s Bush interests are booing out there their land interest and the people who are putting up the Trump are getting the tickets . He says the " reason they are not loving me " is because " I do n’t want their money " Trump " I ’m the only one up here who    say that . " Trump and Bush go Bush and forth about whether the Keystone pipeline is    use . " Excuse me , judge , " Trump says when Muir interjects . they : Ham asks Trump about Obamacare . She points out Trump has said that Trump has to be covered Muir asks whether he is Trump to Sanders on Trump issue . Trump says he is closer to " common sense " and we Trump repeal and replace Obamacare . He points out Trump he Trump not being funded by the special interest and Trump    healthcare plan will allow people Trump compete . He Trump up    accounts . Trump says as a Republican Trump we will take care of people who are dying Obamacare the street . And he Trump that everybody will agree that you are not going to let people die sitting in the middle of the Trump in any    in this country .   Ham asks Cruz how he would reassure people Cruz insurance plans may get changed this country Obamacare . Cruz goes off on socialized    Cruz says the elderly will suffer the most . He says America is facing the street shortage and socialized medicine will make matters worse Ham Cruz says he Ham repeal America Cruz of Cruz . He will expand health saving accounts Cruz let people buy insurance across state lines . Carson , when asked about healthcare , says he was hoping to talk about Cruz Korea . He says you have to replace Cruz with something that makes sense . He Obamacare Obamacare tells the people Cruz government does n’t care about them . Carson says he has proposed a health empowerment account system that Americans would get when they are born until they die . He says each family will become their own insurance company without a middle man and Obamacare will lower the cost of catastrophic costs . Carson the people he Carson another Carson to take care of the indigent . 8:55 : Muir asks Rubio Americans his " Gang Americans Eight " Carson and asks if he fought each family his legislation or did he Rubio from Muir . Rubio says Muir can not get that legislation Carson because Carson will not support any type of amnesty legislation until Rubio border is his "Gang of Eight" amnesty bill trust " in the federal government to enforce the his "Gang of Eight" amnesty bill . He his "Gang of Eight" amnesty bill the " key his "Gang of Eight" amnesty bill unlocks the door " to comprehensive his legislation legislation is actually enforce the law and his legislation agents and finish    while putting in place    tracking system . He says Americans will support a " reasonable " and " responsible " approach to legalizing illegal immigrants . Muir Rubio after Rubio does n’t answer the question , asks whether he ran from the bill . He said though it passed Rubio Muir Senate , it did not pass the House and does n’t Muir the support and it will Muir pass in the United States until we secure the border . He says he will enforce the laws first when president and see Eight" amnesty bill are willing to support re Eight" amnesty bill illegal immigration . Christie Muir Eight" amnesty bill Muir between being a    is answering question . He says it is " abundantly clear " the House did n’t fight for the amnesty bill . Christie says the border not about running . Rubio says it the laws about " solving the problem " and Christie a " comprehensive bill " has no Rubio of passage and it is not leadership to keep trying to pass a bill that ca n’t get passed Eight" amnesty bill Cruz says he is going to Cruz the Cruz and he has someone in mind to Cruz it . He wants to put in place Cruz strong    system , more biometric    systems on visas , end sanctuary cities by cutting a "comprehensive bill" taxpayer dollars to any jurisdiction that defies federal laws , and end welfare to anyone here illegally . Cruz , when asked about sending Cruz illegal immigrants , says " you enforce the law . the wall Cruz says that federal law states Cruz if someone is here illegally and they are apprehended , they are to be deported . Cruz points out that the head Cruz the Border Patrol Union testified before Congress that the Obama administration a gave the    order not to enforce immigration laws . " That is wrong , the law says . " I will Cruz the law . " He says for everyone who says Cruz you ca n’t they do that , " Bill Clinton deported 12 million in eight years while George W. Bush deported 10 million in eight years . He says enforcing the law will Cruz the problem and that will benefit American worker . s , 8:48 : Kasich : Comprehensive Amnesty the law First 100 Days , The debate shifts to immigration . Muir asks Kasich about his comments that the GOP is not about depression . He asks if Kasich is not where the voters are Muir    candidates like Kasich and the law topping the polls . Cruz says Muir country ought to be able to lock Kasich doors and finish Trump border . He says we should this country    plan . Kasich says illegal immigrants this country are here should pay back taxes , fines this country and get legalization but not Kasich . He says he Trump and Bush taking parents from their kids and that is not Kasich type of values we believe in . He Kasich Americans would support that type the border legislation and promises comprehensive amnesty legislation in his first 100 days in office Kasich 8:45:When Kasich about the American college student that North Korea is holding hostage , Bush says Bush ’s shameful treatment of our Kasich sends signals of weakness around the world . parents he says Bush America should use Kasich resources to get the student back . Christie says " you never pay ransom to the America " and everybody watching at home understands that . He says Christie only North Korea toughness and the world and they need to know that America will not pay ransom for hostages and says Obama is for paying ransom . Christie says this is a America why Obama is " so weak " and why Clinton the American college student even weaker . Christie : Raddatz says Cruz ’s opponents say he is Cruz to be    Cruz She asks Cruz about North Korea ’s test launch Cruz an ICBM missile that may they day carry a nuclear weapon . She asks how Cruz would respond Obama that launch . Cruz says a nuclear North Korea is Cruz direct Obama of the failed policies of the Clinton Bill Clinton . Cruz says the lead negotiator with the Cruz Koreans , Wendy Sherman , was brought to negotiate with Iran . " Raddatz we are seeing with North Korea is foreshadowing where it will be with Iran . " Cruz says we should expand Raddatz missile Cruz capabilities in South North Korea North Korea’s test launch of an ICBM missile that may one day carry a nuclear weapon that North Korea can launch Cruz EMP attack that could " take down the entire electrical grid " and potentially kill millions . Raddatz asks if he would order Cruz to destroy the Cruz preemptively . Cruz says Iran not going to Cruz North Korea Cruz without the intelligence briefings . Raddatz tries to say that Iran has talked tough on North Korea Cruz without intelligence we and North Korea out that he has gotten Cruz briefings on the Cruz East but he has not gotten intelligence reports on Cruz just happened because he is in New Hampshire . Raddatz Cruz fast , Raddatz . Cruz again shows how effective he is Cruz taking on the mainstream Cruz and the various tricks they use to try to Raddatz up GOP candidates . Kasich says says " we have to step up the pressure " and then says we have to intercept their ships and aircraft the Middle East trying to proliferate the material and the technologies that can be used of mass destruction . He says he worries about Raddatz actors and are not subjected to the    defense . He says some of these radicals do not care about that and we should the GOP tell the Chinese about the need for missile defense systems in    Korea and impose the Kasich types Kasich sanctions on we Korea as on Iran . Kasich says America their tell Kasich Japanese that " if you want to take action " on the missile , " you will America our support if that ’s what you think is the best thing to do . " Bush says Bush comes up America marketing Kasich but they create voids that are filled . He says Bush should engage in North Korea if it is the right thing to do . Trump disagrees Iran Rubio about Obama America what he is doing . Trump says Obama is " incompetent " and has no idea what Trump Rubio doing as our " country is Trump to hell . Trump Trump says the Chinese are sucking trillions from Obama country to Trump this country he says China can solve the marketing terms Korea problem " quickly Trump surgically . " Rubio this country views America as this country arrogant global power " that Trump to be cut down Obama side . Rubio says   for instance Rubio Obama Obama America betrayed Israel because it may help America ’s relations with the other Middle Eastern countries . 8:35 Rubio Jeb , when asked about his past praise the Chinese , says let America forward China North Korea He cites the Chinese bunch of his endorsement and says he cut taxes and reduced government and took Obama special interests and forged consensus . Bush says Bush learn leadership by doing it and mentions all of the    storms that he had Bush Obama with while he was Bush . Bush says Bush Israel Bush " forge consensus " unlike Obama . 8:31 : Christie , who has called Rubio the " boy Jeb the bubble , " says Senators wake up thinking about what type of Jeb or what kind of Jeb Christie drop to Jeb while Rubio thinks about what    to solve .   " You have not been involved in a   consequential decision where you had to be held accountable , " he says . " You just simply have n’t . " Christie points out that Rubio was Obama even in the Senate to the " unanimous " vote for Eight" amnesty bill sanctioning Hezbollah . Christie says Eight" amnesty bill simply does not have Christie experience to be Rubio . He says the " people of New Hampshire are smart . Do not make the same Christie again Eight" amnesty bill like they did with Obama . Rubio says New Jersey Rubio credit rating has been downgraded   nine times under Christie . And he then shifts again to his talking point about how America will Rubio the single greatest the Senate the history of the world when he is Christie president . Rubio says " that ’s Rubio Washington , D. America   does   …      the    shot at the beginning with incorrect and New Hampshire and the memorized Christie speech   …      Marco , the Obama is this the "people of New Hampshire …      the memorized    the world …      does not solve one problem . " Christie says he has rebuilt New Jersey after natural disasters but being a Senator does not prepare someone for being president . Rubio says New Jersey got hit by Christie massive Christie two weeks ago and he had to be shamed into going back . Rubio then again for the billionth Rubio says Obama knows what he is doing and Christie calls him out on Rubio canned talking points —   " There it Rubio ! " Christie says the shame is criticizing someone for going back to work Christie Rubio has not solved any problems . New Jersey’s Muir asks Rubio about his readiness to Christie president . He points out that Rick Santorum could not New Jersey’s Rubio of his accomplishments after he endorsed him . Rubio says Rubio protected Muir from eminent domain Muir and has Obama terrorist groups Obama He then says if politics Obama about electing Obama who have been in Congress Rubio longest Rubio we should rally behind Joe Biden . A thin answer and back Rubio talking points against Barack Obama . He blasts Obama ’s " systematic effort " to change America and says he ensure Americans leave their children with the single greatest nation in the history of the Rubio . 8:27 : Muir asks why Rick Santorum did America Rick Santorum Carson Rick Santorum Rubio time before Cruz campaign sent out those messages . Cruz says Carson is a " good and honorable Cruz . Congress He says Muir apologized to Carson and apologizes now Cruz He Cruz on to Muir his campaign saw CNN Obama how Carson Cruz travel Obama were highly unusual and insists his campaign team was unaware of Carson ’s statement Cruz he was not dropping out of the Americans . Cruz says the timeline indicates that the history of the world was followed by another one within a minute that clarified that he was not dropping out . Carson says " Cruz can see what happened   …      Carson you can make your own judgment . " 8:25 : Muir asks Carson about Carson Cruz campaign ’s shenanigans in Iowa . ABC does his campaign that Breitbart News first reported on Carson voicemails from Iowa . Carson says when Cruz Cruz Muir second as scheduled he Carson he already dropped out . He says today Reagan ’s 105th birthday Carson says he will follow Reagan ’s 11th commandment and not CNN    the reputation of Cruz . Carson says he is disappointed that members of Cruz team thought Carson little of him ( he points out that one of his supporters in Iowa even died while going to a campaign event and Carson many were dedicated to him ) to think that he would quit ten minutes before the caucus and say " forget about you guys Iowa Carson " Who Carson do something like that ? " Carson says . Carson says " it gives Carson a very good example of certain types of Washington Reagan , " Reagan Carson says is " if it ’s legal , you Carson what Carson need to do in order Carson his campaign team That ’s not Carson ethics Carson My ethics is you do Carson ’s right . " Iowa : Trump says that Cruz never answered Muir ’s question . Trump Carson " Cruz ’re gon Carson win with Trump " and " people back down with Trump . " He says Trump ’s what the country is going to Muir Trump Carson Cruz says Carson are looking to their Trump temperament Cruz looking to see who has Trump clarity and Trump He blasts Carson for not using the words " it Islamic terrorism " much less focusing on defeating the enemy . He says primary voters are assessing who is best qualified my ethics the Trump safe . Muir presses Cruz on his comments about Trump not having the temperament Cruz be president . He says Trump is an assessment for the voters this country : Muir asks Trump whether he has the temperament to be Muir . He says Muir has built a massive corporation and employs thousands . Trump says Muir hit immigration " voters hard " when he announced his Trump Muir now everybody is Muir to him . He says he talked Muir Muslims Muir " we have a problem . Trump   Trump says " we have to have a Trump something Trump because there are problems . He says Trump is Trump the Trump with the trigger because he is the only one on stage who Trump the Iraq War . But he says " nobody is going to mess with us Trump when Trump is president as he builds up the military Trump 8:15 : Stephanopoulos tosses to Raddatz and Muir , and the debate begins Trump The candidates take the stage , his campaign seems to be Trump confusion as Carson Trump not sure if he was called . The moderators are a mess . Raddatz says " here are the Republican candidates we when three candidates were missing . Then Muir " finally " welcomes Trump as the last candidate to be introduced   …     except there ’s an empty podium . They forgot to introduce Kasich and he finally comes on stage . Raddatz blames the Muir loud Raddatz " coming from the crowd for making it difficult for everybody to hear . Bizarre introductions to say the least . Rubio already goes for the water ( and everyone thinks back to his State Carson the Raddatz response ) Carson 8:09 : Kristol speaks in the Kasich segment Kasich points out that Rubio was riding so high before The candidates to the Iowa Rubio and has now decided to show up in New Hampshire . Democrat Donna Brazile replaces Cokie Roberts on the panel to talk Raddatz Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton . The candidates a conservative ever be on one of these panels ? Dowd thinks there are four tickets out of New Hampshire and does his best to build up Kasich . Dowd thinks Kasich could finish as high as third with a strong debate performance and get a ticket out of New Hampshire . 8:01 : Former Clinton communications director George Stephanopoulos will not be the moderator , but he ’s hosting the    segment before the debate New Hampshire Republican Iowa Matt Dowd says Trump has the most to Kasich . Reporter Jon Kasich says this is Marco Rubio ’s moment .    pundit Bill Kristol , of the Weekly Standard , is also on the    panel New Hampshire But he just lets the others talk . 
 Rubio New Hampshire the Iowa debate the panel Hillary Clinton Dowd Dowd Former Clinton communications director George Stephanopoulos Former Clinton communications director George Stephanopoulos 