■ Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama offered assurances that he would be willing as attorney general to tell    Donald J. Trump " no " and not be " a mere rubber stamp . " ■ he said that waterboarding is " absolutely " illegal and that he did not support barring Muslims from the United States . ■ Because of comments he made during the presidential campaign , Mr. Sessions said he would recuse he from any lingering investigations involving Hillary Clinton ’s emails or Hillary Clinton’s family ’s foundation . ■ Retired Gen. John F. Kelly , the Homeland Security nominee , said that a wall on the border with Mexico would not by a wall on the border with Mexico remedy illegal immigration . Here ’s the latest : Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Connecticut , questioned Mr. Sessions about Mr. Blumenthal links to groups and people who have taken xenophobic views . Here ’s a quick primer , from a recent Times profile . Mr. Blumenthal asked : " How can Americans have confidence that you ’re going to enforce    laws if you ’ve accepted awards from these kinds of groups and associated with these kinds of individuals and wo n’t return the awards ? " Mr. Sessions said Mr. Sessions does not necessarily share the views of every political donor or organization Mr. Sessions has received an award from . Mr. Sessions came of age in the Justice Department at the height of the crack epidemic . He Mr. Sessions described himself Mr. Sessions a lieutenant in the war on drugs , said he Mr. Sessions " heartbroken " when President Obama compared marijuana to alcohol , and criticized the administration for not enforcing drug laws in states like Colorado that have legalized marijuana . He Mr. Sessions in 2015 : Flash forward to Tuesday . Mr. Sessions sidestepped questions about whether he Mr. Sessions put the weight of the Justice Department behind drug prosecution in those states like Colorado Doing so would set up a huge fight over states’ rights and federal drug policy . " I know it wo n’t be an easy decision , " he said Mr. Sessions Senate Democrats do not have the votes , by themselves , Senate Democrats prevent Mr. Sessions from becoming attorney general , and they have Senate Democrats their colleague Senate Democrats vitriol , doing little to undermine his confirmation Mr. Sessions Mr. Sessions Mr. Sessions to face renewed questions about race and comments he was Mr. Sessions of making   in the 1980s regarding the N. A. A. C. P. the American Civil Liberties Union and " " views . Liberal activists have repeatedly disrupted the hearing , screaming " K. K. K. " or " racist . " But the questioning from Democrats has mostly focused on his Senate Mr. Sessions and whether he would Mr. Sessions laws that he disagreed Mr. Sessions . He has Mr. Sessions he would Mr. Sessions In short , there is no indication so far that his confirmation Mr. Sessions in jeopardy . Mr. Sessions , who has supported the use of waterboarding as an interrogation tactic , said that current law makes it " absolutely current law and illegal . " That ’s important because it suggests that Mr. Sessions sees no workaround that would allow Mr. Trump to reinstate such tactics . Mr. Sessions has Mr. Sessions he supported the Justice Mr. Sessions legal analysis that authorized harsh interrogation in C. I. A. prisons , and has said that waterboarding works . By saying that the law against waterboarding is clear , Mr. Sessions makes it Mr. Sessions , if not impossible , for Mr. Trump to bring it back . In response it a question about whether he supported a temporary ban Mr. Trump Muslim immigration , as Mr. Trump has suggested , Mr. Trump said he did Mr. Sessions " I have Mr. Trump belief and do not support the idea that Muslims as a religious groups should be denied admission to the United States , " he said . But he noted that Mr. Trump Trump has since Mr. Trump that the Mr. Trump be on immigration from countries that support terrorism . He said religious views   —    where Mr. Trump for example , they include justification for violence against Americans   religious views      should be considered as part of the visa progress . Would you support a law that says , ‘ You ca n’t come to America because you ’re a Muslim’ ? asked Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina . " No , " Mr. Sessions replied . Mr. Sessions was a top surrogate for Mr. Mr. Sessions a campaign in which " lock her up ! " was a rallying cry against Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Sessions said that if there were lingering investigations Mr. Sessions Clinton ’s use of a private email server or Mrs. Clinton , he would recuse himself . " You intend Clinton recuse yourself from both the Clinton he matter and any investigation involving the Clinton foundation , if there are any ? " asked Senator Charles Clinton Grassley , Republican of Iowa . " Yes , " Mr. Sessions said . " This country does n’t punish its political enemies . " Mr. Sessions last faced the Judiciary Committee This country decades ago , for Mr. Sessions on the federal bench . His nomination failed , in part over allegations that he had described civil Mr. Sessions groups as " " and that he had Mr. Sessions a white lawyer was a disgrace to his race for Mr. Sessions   . At the time , he said his a white lawyer were misunderstood or taken out of context . He Mr. Sessions a Mr. Sessions forceful denial this time : " I never declared Mr. Sessions the N. A. A. C. P. was ‘ ’ or that a civil rights attorney was a ‘ disgrace to his race,’ " Mr. Sessions said . In 1986 he described it this Mr. Sessions : And here ’s how he described the Mr. Sessions disgrace to his race " exchange . Mr. Sessions Mr. Sessions his a ‘disgrace to his race,’" Mr. Sessions he Mr. Sessions strictly adhere to the Constitution and his race,’" Mr. Sessions to the president Mr. Sessions needed . He ’s been consistent for years that senators should apply that test to Mr. Sessions Department nominees . The Republican theme of the hearing is that Mr. Sessions is a known entity , and he reinforced that in his opening remarks . his race,’" Mr. Sessions know who I Mr. Sessions , " he Mr. Sessions . " You know what I believe in . " Mr. Mr. Sessions has been in the Senate for nearly 20 years and is liked by his colleagues his race,’" Mr. Sessions Republicans and at least one Democrat have said they Mr. Sessions vote for him , which all but guarantees his confirmation . And General Kelly is Mr. Sessions Moderate Republicans and at least one Democrat be easily confirmed . Mr. Sessions does not mean Democrats will hold their fire , but they are likely to mount their most vigorous offensive against other nominees , including Democrats Tom Price , Democrats Georgia Republican who is Democrats Trump ’s choice to be health secretary . While Mr. Sessions faced some tough questioning , the early going for General Kelly was more gentle . Mr. Gates , a former defense secretary under Mr. Obama and George W. Bush , introduced General Kelly Mr. Gates thinks . General Kelly what sets him apart , Mr. Gates said , is his character . " General Kelly put it quite simply , he General Kelly one of the finest people I have General Kelly known , " he said . " I would General Kelly him with my life . " Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri , General Kelly committee ’s top Democrat , asked General Kelly Kelly to be ready to take tough questions , but thanked him for providing the disclosures necessary by the Office of Government Ethics , whose review was completed this week . She asked Mr. Kelly to hew closely to what he had described Mr. Kelly his greatest strength : speaking truth to power . " That was music to my ears , " Ms. Mr. Kelly said Mr. Kelly I believe very much in that Mr. Kelly , and I Mr. Kelly we all anticipate that you will need it in your next job . " " Given your experience , I expect you to be up to that challenge , " she added . " And I think if you ’re backing down , you ’ll probably hear from me . " In response to questions from Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona Ms. McCaskill about Mr. Trump ’s proposal to build a wall on the southern border , General Kelly said Ms. McCaskill physical barrier was n’t going to stem the problem . " If you were to build a wall from the Pacific to Mexico , you would still have to have it backed up by people , by sensors , by other technologies , " he said . The Kelly hearing was remarkable for its subdued tone , with Republicans and Democrats alike cordially asking Mr. the hearing Trump ’s more contentious stances the hearing like forcing Muslims to register General Kelly the federal government General Kelly One by one , he put their concerns to rest in a measured tone . Mr. Kelly proved too Mr. Trump’s the protest group Code Pink . A couple of activists listened in their bright pink capes mere hours after Mr. Kelly the confirmation hearing for Mr. Sessions . More than an hour after the hearing Mr. Sessions they quietly collected their belongings and left the hearing room without any demonstration . A couple of activists the hearing A couple of activists A couple of activists 