Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " probably " won in Iowa but Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump close second place was only because Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rival Ted Cruz ’s campaign told voters Dr. Ben Carson was dropping out of the race and did a mailing that looked like a government form which Trump called " a fraud . "   Host Jake Tapper asked , " You ’ve enjoyed some big leads in the polls here in New Hampshire for many months . You ’re still on top of the polls . Is Tuesday    after the loss in Iowa ? " Trump responded , " There was n’t a loss . I came in second . I only came in second because of the fact that Cruz took a lot of votes away from Carson that should not have been taken away . Cruz ’s apologized , but I do n’t know what comes of that . Let ’s see what happens . I came in second . But that was the only reason so I came in second out of the original 17 candidates . I do n’t consider that a loss , and I probably came in first in actuality . " Trump continued , " Well , I hope to win . I do n’t know . I came in second . I picked up a lot of delegates . You know , I picked up one less than Cruz , and maybe that gets turned over . Who knows what ’s going to happen ? But I picked up a lot of delegates in Iowa . and in New Hampshire I think I ’m going to do very well . I have a great relationship between the vets and all of the people of New Hampshire . They the people of New Hampshire seem to be very positive for me ’m They the people of New Hampshire known me for a long time and they the people of New Hampshire great people . I think I ’m ’m to do very well in New New Hampshire I want to win New Hampshire New Hampshire I do n’t think I have to win it , no New Hampshire " In discussing a controversial mailer the Cruz campaign released in Iowa , Trump added , " Well , I think a voter violation form , which looked like it came from the IRS   —    I mean , it looked like it came from it government agency , was a fraud . But I ’m not thinking about that right now . I ’m thinking only of New Hampshire , New Hampshire of New Hampshire . I New Hampshire to be here for the next three or four days . And I ’m going to love it ’m and then we ’re going to go to South Carolina . And we had   —    we was there two nights ago . we had 12 , 000 we in a stadium that was amazing " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 