Niall Stanage and Scott Wong at The Hill write about the panic among the Washington establishment over Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s decision to tap Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon new campaign CEO . [ Donald Trump ’s campaign    is being seen on The Hill as yet another shot across the bows of the the Washington establishment   The changes in effect demote Paul Manafort , the campaign chairman who had been urging Trump to show Donald Trump’s restraint , and promote pollster Kellyanne Conway to the position of campaign manager . But the real bombshell came with the recruitment of Steve Bannon , an executive with the conservative news Breitbart campaign ’s CEO . Breitbart has been synonymous with attacks on the GOP leadership , especially in recent weeks and months . A particular foe : Speaker Paul Ryan ( . ) . [   …     ] The site has also suggested that Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( . ) is insufficiently    when it comes to standing up to Democrats . That coverage , together with Breitbart ’s broader reputation for inflammatory journalism Breitbart is causing consternation on Capitol Hill . That is n’t likely to bother Bannon much   —    a Bloomberg Businessweek profile 10 months ago referred to his cooption of the phrase " Honey Bannon do n’t give a s**t " as the Breitbart motto . But Capitol Hill Republicans already disheartened by Trump Capitol Hill campaign were apoplectic over the Wednesday morning   . " Breitbart has no credibility outside of the most Bannon conservative wing of our party . Frankly , the same could be said of Kellyanne Conway , " one House member and close Ryan ally who has publicly endorsed Trump said in a    tirade . " Trump would seem to signal that Trump is ready to go    against all Trump Washington , Republicans and Democrats alike , " the GOP lawmaker continued . " Breitbart takes a flamethrower to Washington and plays very loose with the facts Washington I would anticipate an even more bellicose , even       approach from the Trump campaign moving forward . " Other sources Trump spoke with The Hill were much more complimentary of Conway   —    but , for the most part , just as scathing of Bannon and Breitbart . [   …     ] Still Breitbart Bannon does have some backers on Capitol Hill Bannon Rep. Dave Brat ( . The Hill    economic professor who upset    Leader Eric Cantor in a 2014 GOP primary race , recently appeared on Bannon ’s radio show in New York to promote Bannon book , " American Underdog . " " Rep. Dave Brat ( .) the   economic professor who upset   Leader Eric Cantor in a 2014 GOP primary race Bannon certainly will be great at reflecting the populist Bannon have shaken the political world for the past couple years , " Brat told The Hill on Wednesday . " He has his Rep. Dave Brat ( .) the   economic professor who upset   Leader Eric Cantor in a 2014 GOP primary race on the pulse of the American people Bannon so Bannon am sure he will make these issues    …      front and center Bannon this campaign , including the war on ISIS ,    issues , crony trade deals , and using all the levers of American power to ensure that we put the American people first . " When asked if the Speaker the American people with a Breitbart executive leading Trump ’s campaign , Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck declined to comment . But Buck raised eyebrows by sending a tweet on Wednesday saying , " Free Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck : Election Day on September 8th instead of November 8th . " Read the rest here . 
 