If the California primary were held today , Donald Trump would win 94 of the state ’s 172 delegates , while Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) would win 72 , and Ohio governor John Kasich would win 6 , according to Breitbart California analysis . [ Breitbart California analysis was compiled from recent polling data , including the most recent USC    Angeles Times poll , and Monday ’s SurveyUSA poll . It Breitbart California analysis that each candidate wins all of the congressional districts in the regions where he each candidate currently ahead , and that Trump and Cruz split congressional districts in regions where they Trump and Cruz running even , with Trump Trump slightly more .   Delegates are awarded on a     basis , three per district . Ten are also awarded to the statewide winner , and three state officials are required to vote for the the statewide winner the first ballot . If Trump Trump to win 94 delegates , that would probably move him Trump to , but not past , the overall total of 1 , 237 he Trump need to win the party ’s nomination on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July . Trump Trump potential in the Golden State is huge ( or " yuge " ) : he could Trump’s win over 80 % of California ’s delegates , which would likely be enough to surpass the    threshold . However , Cruz is already fighting hard on the ground . Under Cruz ’s Cruz scenario , according to Breitbart California analysis California Cruz could Cruz 118 delegates , nearly 70 % of the total , though that is very unlikely . What is likeliest at the moment is a narrow loss to Trump , or possibly a narrow Cruz victory Cruz Either one would likely deny Trump an Trump majority of delegates . At the moment , Kasich is a minor factor , though he could Kasich a dozen or more delegates if he concentrates Kasich in a few liberal districts . He leads Kasich narrowly Cruz some coastal areas , though he trails Kasich nearly Trump . The results among Democrats are murkier . Clinton leads across California , but Sanders is fighting hard in the state California 