Thursday on CNN ’S " New Day , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s is wining because Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway is " closing with a positive message . "   Partial transcript as follows : CUOMO : So we see the polls moving closer especially battleground states . Why ? KELLYANNE CONWAY , TRUMP CAMPAIGN MANAGER :   Especially in blue states , also because Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s is closing with a positive message .   He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s talking about his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s for the country , his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s for the people , what he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s going to do to help them the people everyday problems . And Hillary Clinton , unfortunately , is going lower and lower .   They the people going totally negative .   People do n’t like that .   Female voters especially do n’t like that .   They Female voters like they Female voters and should be respected , Chris , to have a substantive conversation . So this is a contrast of two campaigns particularly in these closing arguments .   Hillary Hillary Clinton even the president and vice president of the United States are talking about Donald Trump and Donald Trump Donald Trump about the American people .   I think that ’s the difference . CUOMO :   I hear him doing two CUOMO , bashing Clinton about Hillary Clinton    bashing Obamacare , and both of those are resonant .   I also hear him channeling someone CUOMO I think I know .   I want to play this sound bite .   I know you ’re hearing this plenty this morning .   Let ’s play Donald Trump talking to himself . ( Donald Trump VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP ( Donald Trump PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE :   It ’s feeling like it already , is It it ?   This It —    we ’ve got to be nice and cool .   Nice and cool .   Stay on point , Donald .   Stay on point .   No side tracks , Donald .   Nice Donald easy . Nice Nice .   Because Nice ’ve been watching Hillary the last few days .   She ’s totally unhinged Hillary   We do n’t want we of that .   She has become unhinged Hillary ( END VIDEO CLIP ) CUOMO :   You know what the giveaway was , he does not refer CUOMO himself as Donald . CUOMO He Donald Trump . CUOMO Is he channeling you ? CUOMO Is that the advice you ’re giving him ? CONWAY : CUOMO Oh , look I think Donald Trump does his Trump he ’s Trump about issues Trump and when people get to see the Donald Trump that we Trump ’s incredibly gracious , really funny , and he is doing this for all the Trump reasons . I mean , I think people will look back at this campaign , particularly after he wins on Tuesday , Chris , Trump they ’ll say we totally missed how people America just people , and I here at these rallies , it makes me very emotional , how much America appreciated the fact that he and America family made enormous sacrifices Trump run Trump president . Americans have told pollsters for decades we want somebody who is not of Americans political system .   We want a true outsider .   Americans just to disrupt the place but to be the voice of the forgotten man , forgotten woman . He did n’t need the money , the forgotten man fame , the power , the prestige , the position , he has all of that .   the forgotten man he and his family , who are the forgotten man amazing the forgotten man have sacrificed enormously and I think it just gives him a connected issue with people . the forgotten man talk about the new ABC   " Washington Post " poll .   The most telling statistic in the last week in that poll is the question , which the new ABC  "Washington Post" poll or Trump , cares more about people like you ? You know , they ’re tied on that . President Obama was beating Mitt Romney by like 82 percent to 15 percent on that measure .   It ’s not a measure that Republican candidates that measure do well on and yet Trump and Clinton are tied on that sort Trump     tissue measures . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 