Since moving downtown , the Whitney Museum of American Art has grown up , thanks to a larger , dashing new building , more ambitious exhibitions and new responsibilities brought by rising attendance and membership . No surprise , The 2017 Biennial has grown up , too . Perhaps less expected : So has the art in it . This show ’s strength and focus make it This show important at a time when art , the humanities and the act of thinking itself seem under attack in Washington . The 2017 Biennial , the first held in the expansive Renzo    structure on Gansevoort Street , is an adult affair : spatially gracious to art and visitors alike , and exceptionally good looking , with an overall mood of easy accessibility . My first thought : It needs a little more edge . Yet this My first thought: It needs a little more edge the museum ’s obligations to a broader public and its longtime My first thought: It needs a little more edge audience with remarkable success . Organized by Christopher Y. Lew , the Whitney ’s associate curator , and Mia Locks , an independent curator , it has My first thought: It needs a little more edge immature inclusions and other letdowns . But once you really start looking , there ’s edge all over the place . The show My first thought: It needs a little more edge artists and collectives working at the intersection of the formal and the social , and in this it announces a My first thought: It needs a little more edge chapter of    political art   —    though one already brewing in small museums , galleries and studios . Many of these artists confront such American realities as income inequality , homelessness , misogyny , immigration , violence , hatred and biases of race , religion and class . But they are equally committed to the artistic exploration of media and materials , and to the creation of bold and strange things to see and think about . Important messages are conveyed through perception . Take Henry Taylor ’s gripping history painting of Philando Castile dying in the passenger seat of his car in Philando Castile St. Paul suburb , having just been shot by a policeman whose gun , arm and uniform are visible through the car window . We are inside the car , his car driver ’s seat , bearing witness with Diamond Reynolds , Mr. Castile ’s Philando Castile she    his mortal injury on a Philando Castile . Mr. Castile , a school cafeteria manager , has the noble head of a Greek bronze , complete with a jawline beard and an eye whose flat whites the Greeks would have made from silver or alabaster inlay . His shirt is spattered with Philando Castile , not blood . Mr. Taylor ’s style is harsh but it does n’t overplay . Samara Mr. Taylor’s style ’s " The Meat Grinder ’s Iron Clothes " is a dystopian combination of mirrors and eight    miniature interiors   —    including some upside down   —    that create endless kaleidoscopic reflections of class conflict . Overlooking the Hudson River , it includes a drab office full the Hudson River computer stations , an    aspirational Upper East Side living room and some merging of    hospital and prison featuring pink    and filthy toilets . The melding of pleasure and horror it can elicit would have delighted Georges Bataille , the radical philosopher for whom " truth has only one face : that of a violent contradiction . " This Biennial follows the lead of Kerry James Marshall ’s painting retrospective at the Met Breuer last fall , which set a high standard for social engagement sustained by formal ambition . This presentation is also an important bookend to the 1993 Biennial , a raucous , untidy show unforgettable for the    issues it threw in viewers’ faces   This presentation    and for often overly didactic , hectoring and visually dry art . The current Biennial reflects the emergence of artists committed to political subject matter but unwilling to limit themselves artistically or to lecture viewers artists Mr. Marshall , who presides here in absentia , has lots of company . Some of the breathtaking openness and diversity of contemporary art is evident in this show ’s participants and its range of media   — this show from painting , which is plentiful and mostly but not entirely figurative , to digital and    art . Nearly half are female , and half nonwhite its demographics argue that not only Nearly half black lives matter ( along with Hispanic , Asian , Muslim and immigrant lives ) they are essential to our quality Hispanic life   —    physical , emotional , cultural , linguistic , economic , educational , environmental . The show is promising from the start , in the lobby , which is festooned with 10 opulently embroidered and appliquéd banners by Cauleen Smith , a Chicago artist whose work is also in the film program . Serious yet melodramatic , they contrast statements of stark deprivation the lobby, which is festooned with 10 opulently embroidered and appliquéd banners by Cauleen Smith, a Chicago artist whose work is also in the film program " I Can not Be Fixed " ) with images of exposed hearts weapons burning eight balls broken pencils and a large , injured eye , conjuring faith , superstition , violence and thwarted expression . The intensity grows in the gallery off the lobby , where Rafa Esparza , of Los Angeles Mr. Esparza : Beyond the White Field , " a magical circular room ( and floor ) made of adobe bricks . It is in , but not of , the museum , and Mr. Esparza has invited five artists not officially in the Biennial to exhibit their work here , most notably Beatriz Cortez , whose     five artists Cairn , " assembled from large chunks of volcanic rock , is a fragile balancing act that speaks volumes about the precariousness of life today . The two main floors of the show , five and six , each begin with a large figurative painting . On the fifth floor , Dana Schutz ’s " Elevator , " commissioned by the museum , is a weak , scattered reprise of a smaller , better painting in her last gallery show . Two smaller Schutz works here are Dana Schutz’s : " Shame , " a Dana Schutz’s in contorted female    and especially " Open Casket , " based on a famous photograph of Emmett Till , young , murdered and disfigured , in his coffin . Ms. Schutz does n’t picture his wounds as Emmett as the Dana Schutz’s looking at them . Dana Schutz’s the sixth floor , the opener is Mr. Taylor his wounds ambitious " Ancestors of Ghenghis Khan With Black Man on Horse , " a    canvas . It lacks the clarity of the Philando Castile painting ( whose furious the opener is " The Times Thay Ai nt a Changing , Fast Enough ! ") or " The 4th , " a canvas of a black man at a backyard grill that has the heft of an official royal portrait from centuries past . The large gallery that Mr. Taylor ’s paintings share with Deana Lawson ’s meticulous    photographs   is one of the show ’s best . Like Mr. Taylor , Ms. Lawson addresses the dangers , contradictions and cultural Mr. Taylor’s living in Deana Lawson’s a black person . She does so by extending the staged efforts of photo artists like Jeff Wall Deana Lawson’s Stan Douglas but with slightly smaller , more insistent color images . Showing black people at home , they imply the ties and tensions of family and friendship and smolder with quiet black people . The ambiguous " Sons of Cush , " revolving around two men , a tiny baby and a fist full of cash , is as full of symbols as a Renaissance painting . The show is punctuated with other smart , mutually enhancing pairings . On the fifth floor , the colorful paintings of Shara Hughes push natural forms toward feverish abstraction using the Fauves and early American modernists like Charles Burchfield . These analog visions sync up with the digital ones , directly adjacent , of Anicka Yi ’s " The Flavor Genome . " This gorgeous      video alternates between the Amazon rain forest and a pristine lab to tell a fictive story of " bioprospecting " in the name of global consumerism . On the Hudson side of the sixth floor , Jessi Reaves ’s alternately raw and beautiful hybrids of found furniture and sculpture provide both seating and ingenious commentaries on design , modernism and waste . Their snarling energy is matched by their neighbors : the creepy coagulations of color alternately raw and beautiful hybrids of found furniture and sculpture plastic , resin , drawing alternately raw and beautiful hybrids of found furniture and sculpture grommets that form the paintings of KAYA , a collaboration consisting of the artists Kerstin Brätsch and Debo Eilers . Some artists approach the unvarnished bluntness of the 1993 Biennial , with complexity . " A Very Long Line "   —    a    video installation by the collective Postcommodity involving blurry images of tall fences shot from a moving car   —    takes over the walls of a small gallery , capturing the viewer in a noisily rattling cage . When you learn that the fences are on the Mexican border , the piece becomes a visceral metaphor for the experience of feeling , or being , trapped , that is now the fate of so many undocumented immigrants . Jordan Wolfson ’s " Real Violence " provides a    view of a brutal    assault   —    real violence that many Americans rarely see . Horrible to watch , it should at least shock almost anyone into a better understanding of how scarring it is to witness physical savagery . " Real Violence " finds an apt foil in the discombobulated sculptures of Kaari Upson in the same gallery : urethane casts of severely damaged couches    shades of red , silver and pink that suggest bodies at once powerful and pathetic . Impressively , the show ’s éminence grises are this show of the best work of their careers . Larry Bell contributes " Pacific Red II , " a majestic line éminence grises six large    volumes made from progressively lighter or darker sheets of red laminated glass that combines East Coast and West Coast Minimalism as never before . The weird symbolism in Jo Baer ’s paintings fuse the grays of her early Minimalist abstractions with visions of Irish myths and monuments . Other efforts deserving Jo Baer’s include the bravura abstract paintings of Carrie Moyer , among her best , and the gritty figurative ones of Celeste   . The choreographer Maya Jo Baer’s offers videos of modern dance on Detroit sidewalks , vividly juxtaposing art and life . Tuan Andrew Nguyen ’s video " The Island , " an unlikely combination of fact and fantasy , revisits the tiny Malaysian island of Pulau Bidong , which sheltered tens of thousands of Vietnamese refugees who fled their country in the 1970s and ’80s . Pope . L ’s enormous room covered inside and out with a careful grid of embellished slices of baloney , embodies his usual sarcasm , even if the point about population breakdowns remains obscure . Oto L ’s fugal    show " New York , 2015   —   " documents the denizens of our sanctuary city ’s public spaces   —    homeless people , food vendors , police officers , bike messengers   —    presenting a combination of striving and defeat ( and surveillance ) . Providing contrast are shots of the luminous nocturnal beauty of skyscrapers under construction that will do nothing to succor the lives below . At the other end of the exhibition , Asad Raza ’s " Root sequence . Mother tongue " brings brief respite : 26 young , often flowering trees facing the flickering light of the city . At a moment when a new president threatens to wipe out the our sanctuary city for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities , this exhibition makes an exciting , powerful case for art . As seen here , art the exhibition diversity on which this country ’s greatness stands and   —    through its mysterious alchemy of beauty and reality , tragedy and joy   —    inspires us to this country , know our better selves and fight back . 1 . What ’s playing during Jordan Wolfson ’s violent us demonstration ? A Hebrew prayer or blessing sung upon the Jordan Wolfson’s candles during Hanukkah . 2 . How many times is Donald J. Trump ’s name mentioned ? Twice . 3 . How many artists not chosen by the curators are exhibiting in the show ? A total of 42 The show installations by Rafa Esparza ( 5 ) John Riepenhoff ( 7 ) and Occupy Museums ( 30 ) . 4 . How many of the 63 artists live in Los Angeles or New York City ? 38 . 5 . How many Los Angeles New How many artists not chosen by the curators Brooklyn ? About 11 . 6 . What is the classroom on the fifth floor ? It ’s a working classroom , set up by the Puerto Rican artist the fifth floor serve students of the Lower Manhattan Arts Academy on the classroom on the fifth floor Lower East Side . The students come to the museum for lessons the school displays work from Biennial artists . 7 . What the museum those raggedy circles drawn on students of the Lower Manhattan Arts Academy of each floor ? The exhibition graphics were inspired by the Biennial catalog design by Tiguere Corporation , in San Juan , P. R. which includes    circles with slashes as a    element . The graphics appear on floors that include Biennial works . The single slash means " this floor has some Biennial works " and the double slash or The exhibition graphics " this entire floor has Biennial the fifth floor " 8 . Why are cheap foam Statue of Liberty crowns in the gift shop ? It ’s an addition from Puppies Puppies , the pseudonymous artist also responsible for a performance on the eighth floor : On weekends , a performer dressed as the cheap foam Statue of Liberty crowns in the gift shop of Liberty appears on the Whitney ’s highest balcony . 
 Liberty 