GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence called out the mainstream media on Saturday for focusing most of the mainstream media time trying to parse Donald Trump ’s words than investigating the scandals that have followed the Clintons throughout the Clintons political careers .   " The media is so busy parsing what Donald Trump said in the last 30 minutes that they The media ignoring what the the Clintons been doing for the last 30 years , " Pence said Saturday at Patrick Henry College in Virginia . The Indiana Patrick Henry College in Virginia mainstream press " the party in power " and said they , The media with Democrats , " all keep telling each other that the usual methods are going to work " to take down Trump and " then they wake The media the next morning   …      and Donald Trump is still Trump for the American people and fighting to make this country great and strong again . " Pence said Trump has to battle Clinton Trump the media on the campaign trail as the mainstream press ignore the " cascade of controversies and questionable conduct that flows out of the Clinton years . " Pence slammed Clinton for using Pence private Clinton and deleting her emails with BleachBit . Clinton mentioned that the FBI tried to open up a criminal investigation into the Clinton Foundation but the Obama administration blocked it . He also reminded Pence that He FBI found 15 , the FBI Clinton emails that were not turned over while others proved that Clinton ’s State Department gave expedited Clinton to foundation donors . He also blasted the Obama He for deciding not the Obama administration ’s     schedule at the State Department Clinton after the election after Clinton’s State Department report found that half of her meetings were with foundation donors while reviewing Clinton of her State Department schedule . " Now let Clinton get this straight , " Pence said . " So it would be a conflict of interest to accept foreign and corporate donations to your foundation if you were president , but it was the Clinton Foundation conflict of interest to accept foreign donations while you were Secretary of State ? " He said the Clinton Foundation should be shut down and the Secretary of State Department should appoint a special prosector . Pence State Department " sick and tired of pay to play Pence in Washington , D. C. " and " it ’s the kind of politics that will come to a crashing end " when Trump is elected . Pence added that " the days of the rigged system of the Pence few will come to an end and Donald Trump ’s only special interest will be you , the American people . " 
 