Sure , " Saturday Night Live " has offered ample criticism of Mr. Trump . But in its latest episode , the the program expressed confidence that he ’ll be in office his at least 2018 , long enough to see America decimated by an alien invasion force from the planet Zorblatt 9 . After a palpable absence last week , Alec Baldwin returned to play Mr. Trump in the " S. N. L. " cold open , which imagined him in a future year his visiting a military base and trying to dispense words of inspiration while the United States battles with America . It was an opportunity for a rousing " Independence Day "   speech . So how did he start ? Mr. Baldwin his —    who , outside of " S. N. L. , " has recently been hinting that he does not plan to his Mr. Trump in perpetuity   —    began by asking , " Who here loves Trump ? " " I know this guy over here , his Trump , " he his , pointing at Trump his out to be a charred corpse . A military officer played by the cast member Kenan Thompson told him , " The aliens are killing us A military officer played by the cast member Kenan Thompson sir . They have the most advanced weaponized technology we The aliens ever seen . What should we do ? " The Trump character responded we " Here ’s Mr. Trump going to do . We are we to bring coal back , we K. ? We ’re going to have so much coal we you ’re going to say , ‘ Where did all this coal come from ? I never knew there could be so much coal . ’ " Informed that the aliens so much coal the state of The aliens Mr. Baldwin answered , " So then I won the popular vote ? " As Mr. Trump , he explained that the aliens had already been secretly living in the The aliens Mr. Baldwin hundreds of years . " Look , there ’s one right there , " he said , indicating Leslie Jones . " And so is the woman next Mr. Baldwin her , right there , " he said , pointing at Sasheer Zamata . Leslie Jones where he was getting his Mr. Baldwin , Mr. Baldwin replied , " From a very Mr. Baldwin source , Mr. Baldwin . It Mr. Baldwin radio show hosted by Alex Jones . You know he ’s legit because he ’s always taking off his Leslie Jones " When the Mr. Baldwin at last overrun Mr. Baldwin base and learn that Mr. Baldwin Trump is president , one creature ( played by Bobby Moynihan ) declares , " Really ? This is going to be so easy . " A filmed segment shown later featured the guest host Scarlett Johansson as Ivanka Trump , in a commercial parody for her own brand of perfume . A narrator pitched the product in a whispery   : " She ’s Ivanka . And a woman like her deserves a fragrance all her own . her scent made just for her . Because her ’s beautiful . She her powerful . She ’s complicit . " her narrator added her " She does her crave the spotlight her But we see her A narrator , how we her her . " ( At the same time , her Johansson was shown looking in we her and applying lipstick , seeing the reflection of her as Mr. Trump , performing the same action . ) A final    for Complicit described it as " the fragrance for the woman who could stop all this , but wo n’t .    ( " Also available in a cologne for Jared , " the narrator said , in a reference to Ms. Trump ’s husband , Jared Kushner . ) During a    segment on " Weekend Update , " Kate McKinnon reprised her role as Attorney General Jeff Sessions , seated side by side with Senator Al Franken ( Alex Kate McKinnon ) the Minnesota Democrat and " S. N. L. " alumnus who has said that Mr. Sessions may have perjured himself in his responses to Mr. Franken ’s questions at his confirmation hearing . As Mr. Sessions , Ms. McKinnon himself , " People do n’t realize this himself but Al and I Mr. Sessions great friends himself In the past , she said , she took him    himself , and , in return , " Al showed me Jew stuff himself " ( himself We himself lunch at a deli , Jeff , " Mr. himself replied in an imitation of Mr. Franken ’s Al and I delivery . ) Mr. Moffat tried to get Ms. McKinnon to clarify her testimony : " I ’m just a simple country laaaaar Mr. Moffat she explained . " Are you saying lawyer Ms. McKinnon liar ? " he asked . For good measure , " Weekend Ms. McKinnon " concluded with Pete Davidson taking potshots at various people associated Mr. Moffat the Trump administration , including the White House adviser Stephen Miller ( " He tries to project strength , " Mr. Davidson said , " but he looks like Fredo Corleone had been even Pete Davidson as a child " ) and Pete Davidson Sanders , the deputy White Pete Davidson press secretary ( whom Mr. Davidson called " one of those sweet Southern girls that you marry if you ’re gay " ) . Last week Pete Davidson president ’s son Donald Trump Jr. responded playfully to his portrayal on " S. N. L. , " writing in an Instagram post , " if you ever need a Don Jr the president’s son Donald Trump Jr. in I ’m available . " There were no immediate responses to this week ’s episode from President Trump or the population of Zorblatt 9 . 
 Last week 