Sen. Marco Rubio suggests members of the media are boosting Donald Trump ’s candidacy by giving Sen. Marco Rubio the majority of attention in the presidential race . [ During an interview with ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos , Sen. Marco Rubio appeared amused that the former Clinton aide asked the former Clinton aide to respond to Donald Trump’s assertion that he the former Clinton aide n’t sure the Florida Senator was eligible to run for president .   " Look , this is a pattern . This this a game he the Florida Senator . He the Florida Senator something that ’s edgy and outrageous and then the media flocks and covers that and then no one else can get any coverage on anything else , " Rubio the Florida Senator . Speaking to CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Sunday , Rubio the Florida Senator out that Trump had become irresistible to the network . " What he the Florida Senator been good at is saying things that are over the top and then the the Press it the top " he the Florida Senator . " You guys like to cover it the top it the top with ratings and it the top interesting , and you ca n’t ignore it the top " In an interview with NBC ’s Chuck Todd on Meet the Press , Rubio again chided the media for driving the Trump narrative . When asked by Todd why Chuck Todd continued Trump dominate the polls , Rubio responded Rubio " Yeah . Well , a couple things happened . Number one is he ’ll Rubio something over the top , and then you guys in the press the Press , ‘ Let ’s not cover ‘ , let ’s just focus ‘ the outrageous statements,’ " he said . Rubio So he ’s been Rubio good at dominating that . And in an    or    field , it crowded a lot of people out . " Rubio acknowledged that Trump ’s strategy successfully buried many of the 15 candidates who ran for president , but argued that the time for Trump ’s dominance Trump’s narrative had passed . " It ’s not going to work anymore , " Rubio said in Rubio interview with Rubio . " I ’m going to spend zero time on his interpretation of Rubio Constitution with regards to eligibility and I ’m going to spend all my time talking about what this campaign should be about . " 
 