Hollywood figures are secretly throwing Hollywood figures support behind Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , says author Bret Easton Ellis . [ The American Psycho author and cultural critic said The American Psycho author and cultural critic was " shocked " that most of The American Psycho author and cultural critic companions at a dinner in Hollywood Saturday night indicated they would vote for the billionaire businessman in 2016 , even though they they would never admit it publicly . "   Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would they admit it publicly it   —    Bret Easton Ellis ( @BretEastonEllis ) February 21 , 2016 ,   Ellis , who is currently prepping a Broadway adaptation of American Psycho , has not yet indicated who he will be voting for in this year ’s presidential race . In August , the writer called the " political theater " surrounding Trump " Trump , " and said the businessman was " destroying the G. O. P. and terrifying the U. S. press . " The    political theater of DONALD TRUMP is thrilling : destroying the G. the G. O. P. the U. S. press . the U. S. press    Bret Easton Ellis ( @BretEastonEllis ) August 27 , 2015 ,   A representative for Ellis did not immediately respond to a request for comment Bret Easton Ellis (@BretEastonEllis) While Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have drawn their share of Hollywood endorsements , Trump has a sizable Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders of celebrity firepower backing his campaign . Musicians Kid Rock and Loretta Lynn have Trump said publicly they ’ll be voting for Trump in Musicians Kid Rock and Loretta Lynn , while Musicians Kid Rock and Loretta Lynn Kirstie Alley , Stephen Trump , and Lou Ferrigno have also indicated their support for the candidate . Trump also has several Musicians Kid Rock and Loretta Lynn figures in his corner , Trump Mike Tyson , Terrell Owens , Trump former NFL player and Chicago Bears head coach Mike Ditka . Of course , Hollywood has also mercilessly attacked Trump throughout the primary season , including after his big Trump in the South Carolina contest Saturday , Trump celebrities ripped the state ’s voters as " racist " and took South Carolina Trump ’s wife , Melania . In a soundproof chamber Trump Tower , Donald is lowered onto a disinterested Melania for a    9 second Victory Rut .   —    Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) February 21 , 2016 ,   Idiocracy was a movie based on a true story that ’s happening right now#Trump2016 ,   —    Sarah Silverman ( @SarahKSilverman ) February 21 , 2016 , 
 