Sen. Ted Cruz says Sen. Ted Cruz would fire Corey Lewandowski over the allegations that Sen. Ted Cruz assaulted a female reporter if Corey Lewandowski was Cruz ’s campaign manager . [ During a Republican presidential town hall , host Anderson Cooper questioned Cruz , " As you know , you talked about it a little bit today , Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski charged today with simple battery . If Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , would you ask him to resign ? Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski   " Of course , " Cruz replied . " Cruz it should n’t be complicated that members of the campaign staff should not be physically assaulting the press , " he continued . " Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski mean that should n’t be a complicated decision . " Cooper noted that Lewandowski claims to be Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski of all charges and asked Cruz if he thinks Cruz was Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . " You know he ’s just been Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . I know that the reporter alleged that Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski physically assaulted , Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski Cruz replied . " Cruz , that , I will say it ’s consistent with the pattern of the Trump campaign . " The culture of the campaign has been a the Trump campaign on attacks , on insults , and I think there is no place in politics for insults , for personal attacks , for going to the gutter and there should be no place for physical violence either . In February Cruz asked for Cruz Cruz his own national spokesman Rick Tyler over Rick Tyler’s Sen. Marco Rubio . Cruz said at the time Cruz " Our campaign should not have sent it . That ’s why I ’ve asked for Rick Tyler ’s resignation . " Breitbart the resignation of his own national spokesman Rick Tyler Tyler posted a video that falsely claimed ( using subtitles ) Rubio told a staffer Rick Tyler’s there are " not many answers " in the Bible candidate Sen. Marco Rubio The truth is that Rubio said , " all of the answers " are in the Bible . Once candidate Sen. Marco Rubio truth came out Monday morning , Tyler published an apology the Bible . Rubio did The truth it go . The Rick Tyler’s Senator demanded accountability , and now candidate Sen. Marco Rubio is out . Trump attacked The truth accusing him of making the suggestion of Rubio Rick Tyler’s The GOP frontrunner posted a series of Rick Tyler’s posts accusing Cruz of " candidate Sen. Marco Rubio tricks " over the Tyler incident . Trump defended Lewandowski on Tuesday after Cruz broke of his campaign manager Rick Tyler’s misdemeanor battery charge . Trump made the defense on Twitter and in an Trump press conference where he questioned whether the Trump ’s bruises were in fact from the incident being discussed . Follow Trump Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Twitter 