Regina Feltner , a retired nurse , was recovering from side effects of radiation therapy when Regina got the notice that Regina heat would be cut off . It was a    January day . The snow was so high that Regina daughter had to come over to take the dog out . " I have lung cancer and lung cancer ’s the dead of winter , " her daughter remembers thinking . " What am I going to do ? " Help came in the form of a heating subsidy : money from the federal government , delivered by the Highland County Community Action Organization , a small nonprofit in rural southern Ohio , where Ms. Feltner lives . Now , that program is on the chopping block . that program is one of many cuts in President Trump ’s new budget proposal that would inflict the deepest pain on the most vulnerable Americans   —    a great number of whom voted for him . " I understand what him ’s trying to do , but I think him ’s just not stopping to think that there are people caught in the middle him is really going to hurt , " said Ms. Feltner , 57 , who was a nurse for 25 years and voted for President Trump . " He him to make some concessions for that . I was a productive citizen . Do n’t make me feel worthless now . " As news of Mr. President Trump begins to sink in across the country , Americans are trying to parse what the changes to the government ’s spending plan might mean for them . It Americans only a proposal , an opening bid in what is likely to be a protracted public argument over national priorities . But it is important because it signals what the new president is thinking , his wish list the new president the size and shape of government . In two days of interviews with beneficiaries of programs at risk in 11 states , many people said they did not many people themselves reflected in many people Trump ’s vision for the government . And some felt surprise at what has been left out . Ms. Feltner said that without the heating subsidy she would probably Ms. Feltner to move in with her daughter and Ms. Feltner teenage grandchildren . " I ’d still like to have a little dignity left , and not have to move in with someone else , " she said . Ms. Feltner I used to be the one packing up the food in the food pantry for people , " she said . Ms. Feltner Now I ’m the one in line . " Another proposed cut would defund the Appalachian Regional Commission , which was founded in 1965 to strengthen economic growth in a    swath of the country . Of the 420 counties in the commission ’s footprint , 399 voted for Mr. Trump . " I hate to see him cut us Mr. Trump " said Chris Farley , Mr. Farley in coal for 11 years . When he was 18 , his father , a miner , helped get him a job driving a truck that carried rocks . The pay was good : He was making $ 20 an hour when he was laid off   —    a punch Mr. Farley did not see Mr. Farley . The only work he found afterward Mr. Farley minimum wage . With a wife and     daughter , he struggled to pay Mr. Farley bills . " I tried everywhere to Mr. Farley a job , " he said . " Mr. Farley mowed lawns . I cut weeds . I Mr. Farley trash . " Last year , his mother texted him about a job Mr. Farley farming through a local nonprofit called the Coalfield Development Corporation , which is partially supported by Mr. Farley Appalachian Regional Commission . It pays him $ 11 . 50 an hour for 33 hours a week growing Mr. Farley and raising Mr. Farley and pigs . It also pays for him to attend community college six hours a week where he working toward an associate degree . His a job in farming through a local nonprofit called the Coalfield Development Corporation, which is partially supported by the Appalachian Regional Commission point Mr. Farley is 4 . 0 . " I never dreamed I ’d be going back to school , " he a job in farming through a local nonprofit called the Coalfield Development Corporation, which is partially supported by the Appalachian Regional Commission . " I Mr. Farley it . It ’s amazing . College is totally Mr. Farley than high school . Back then Mr. Farley was young and I did n’t care . " The farm had its first full year last year : a good Mr. Farley harvest , a lot of eggs sold it Mr. Farley was reminded of eating beans and tomatoes at his grandparents’ farm as a boy . " I blew up the mountains , " he The farm , " and now I ’m reclaiming the mountains . " Another worker in the Coalfield Development jobs program is Tracy Spaulding , 19 , the son Mr. Farley miner . When his father was laid off after nearly 30 years , he Mr. Farley ends meet by buying an industrial saw and the mountains . The younger Mr. Spaulding has skipped the mine altogether : He The younger Mr. Spaulding cabinets Mr. Farley headboards for beds . In November , Mr. Spaulding Mr. Farley his first vote for president . He chose Mr. Trump , something he tries not to talk about with his friends who did n’t . " They get really sore about it , The younger Mr. Spaulding he said . " Honestly , I like Donald Trump . That ’s just how I feel , I like The younger Mr. Spaulding A lot The younger Mr. Spaulding people do n’t and I The younger Mr. Spaulding that . " When asked The younger Mr. Spaulding he thought about the proposed cut The younger Mr. Spaulding the commission , he thought for Mr. Trump, something he tries not to talk about with his friends who didn’t bit . " He ai n’t pulled The younger Mr. Spaulding on us yet , " he said . He thought more . " I believe I ’d be a Donald Trump bit mad about it if he made that cut and I lost my job and schooling The younger Mr. Spaulding you know ? But things happen . People get The younger Mr. Spaulding off every day . I ’ll The younger Mr. Spaulding it one way or another . " In Staten The younger Mr. Spaulding , N. The younger Mr. Spaulding Raymond DeNozzo , 53 , a carpenter who has lived in Sutton , W. Va. for The younger Mr. Spaulding years the proposed cut to the commission back home visiting his father on Friday . He , too , voted for Mr. Trump . He believes his adopted state ’s coal industry was decimated under President Barack Obama . He supports increased spending on veterans and on the military , and , at least in theory , cuts to some social programs . He thinks that welfare discourages people W. Va. working , for instance W. Va. " We need to teach our children to W. Va. and W. Va. out and be independent , " he said . But his wife W. Va. a schoolteacher , their health insurance is through her job , and Mr. DeNozzo worries about the potential cuts to schools that could W. Va. from Mr. Trump ’s budget . School consolidations are already overburdening teachers , he said . We they can also harm students , he said . " That W. Va. a concern , W. Va. Mr. DeNozzo said . " Will he keep the little his wife open ? " Some of the programs in Mr. Trump ’s sights are like unloved stepchildren , with alphabet soup acronyms unfamiliar to anyone except fiercely dedicated   Mr. DeNozzo But they can School consolidations outsize effects on people ’s Mr. DeNozzo . Money from a Community Development Block Grant helped Mr. DeNozzo remodel Shantell Swenson ’s bathroom Mr. DeNozzo kitchen in Salt Lake City , making it easier for her to Mr. Trump’s wheelchair in her home and allowing her to cook on a stove for the first time . There have been other unloved stepchildren , too . " Now instead of spitting my toothpaste into a cup I can roll under the sink , " said Ms. Swenson , 33 , who has cerebral palsy . Tired of lifting Shantell Swenson’s legs into and out of Shantell Swenson’s standard bathtub and Shantell Swenson’s landlords to change it , she scraped together her savings to buy a small house last May. The bathroom was finished in September , and the kitchen is on track for April . She calls the work life changing . " I would be old and gray and partially retired Shantell Swenson’s I could have been able to afford this on my own , " she said Shantell Swenson’s Ms. Swenson Shantell Swenson’s she did not " rage toward " Mr. Trump " like some people I know . " But when she heard about his proposed Shantell Swenson’s cuts , she said , she was " boiling with anger . " One of those proposed cuts would kill the Legal Service Corporation , which funds 133 civil legal Shantell Swenson’s programs in Shantell Swenson’s states at Shantell Swenson’s cost of $ 385 million . That funding stream makes up 40 percent of the budget for Legal Shantell Swenson’s Services of Mr. Trump , whose lawyers saved Shantell Swenson’s and Joe Shantell Swenson’s from losing their    home . The Fryes , his proposed budget cuts Warner , had missed a $ 14 tax payment four years earlier . They learned that their property had been put up for auction only when a man pulled up to their home and Mr. Frye asked him what he wanted . " The man said he wanted to look at the land for whose lawyers , " said Mrs. Frye , a retired turkey hatchery worker . They were unable to resolve the unpaid bill themselves , The Fryes, who live in Warner the land The Fryes, who live in Warner sold at a county auction for $ 5 , 000 . The Fryes could The Fryes, who live in Warner match that Joe Frye afford a a man . a man when they turned a man Aid did a man lawyer there discover a technical flaw in the county ’s handling of the tax arrears and the Fryes got their Mrs. Frye, a retired turkey hatchery worker back . " This is all we had , " the land for sale said . " If it had n’t been for Legal Aid , I guess we ’d just live in our car . " The Fryes , who did not vote , said they were reserving judgment on Mr. Trump . Some Mr. Trump probably beyond the president ’s control , Mr. The Fryes . Mrs. they said they would be watching . " I guess until we see exactly what he does do , then I ’ll know Legal Aid like him or wish we had lost , " we said . 
 Mrs. Frye Mrs. Frye Mrs. Frye Mrs. Frye Mrs. Frye Mrs. Frye The Fryes, who did not vote they 