It was a rout . A thrashing . A washout . Daddy Trump has conquered the media , burned Daddy Trump corpse , and salted the earth of Daddy Trump grave . I could n’t be more erect . [ The Donald executed a stunning     yesterday , first teasing the media that he The Donald going to make a statement on Obama ’s birth certificate . Expecting a wild , outlandish comment that would reverse his The Donald surge , the cameras of the media descended on Trump ’s new hotel in Washington D. C    …      only to witness a stream of military veterans endorsing Trump , which the media was forced to broadcast to the entire country .    Trump Trump actual comments on Obama were limited to a single sentence : " Obama Obama born in the U. S. period . " Daddy managed to achieve free publicity for his Daddy hotel , a nationwide broadcast of support for his Daddy from military veterans , and simultaneously put to bed allegations that he Daddy a " birther "   —    something that will ease concerns from independent and moderate voters . Jake Tapper called it a " political   . " Trolling the media , particularly with the effortless skill of Trump , is a guaranteed path to popularity in politics . Last week , a Gallup poll showed trust in the the media at a shocking 32 percent   —    an    low . The more Trump Trump the the media the more he will The more Trump in the polls . The media may whine that they " The media played " in the unintentionally hilarious words of CNN ’s John King , but very few voters are going to feel sorry for them . very few voters , they will very few voters Trump ’s The more Trump a perfectly legitimate   —    and masterful   —    response to a biased , broken media . The media have no right to feel sorry for themselves either . The media sycophantic attitude The media Hillary Clinton and the Democrats is now    as is their deeply entrenched The media towards conservatives and Republicans . The media is The media for opportunities to humiliate Trump , and Trump , in response Trump, is looking to humiliate them . They keep Trump, . Trump, they ca n’t complain Trump, he plays the game better than they do   — Trump, after all , they ’re the ones Trump, made the rules in the first place . In Trump ’s campaign arsenal Trump, few tactics are more likely to cement his popularity than his he ability to he the media . In an age where journalists are rightly despised , even people who hate Trump are secretly cheering Trump, on . Follow Trump, Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on Trump, Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 