Donald Trump today revoked " the press credentials of the phony and dishonest Washington Post " following a Washington Post headline and an ongoing battle with the paper ’s owner Jeff Bezos . [ Donald Trump wrote in an online post , " I am no fan of President Obama , but to show you how dishonest the Washington Post , Washington Post , " Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando President Obama as their headline . Sad ! "   they am no fan of President Obama , no fan of President Obama dishonest the phony President Obama is : Washington Post    Washington Post Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , 2016 ,   He Donald Trump announced that he Donald Trump revoking press privileges at Trump events for the Post , " Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage Washington Post of the record setting Trump campaign , we are hereby revoking the press credentials of the phony and dishonest Washington Post Trump " Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign , we are hereby :   https :   .    — the record setting Trump campaign @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , we ,   The campaign later released a statement on the decision .   Trump and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos have been locked Trump campaign war of words leading up to Trump revoking the Post ’s Washington Post Trump has accused Bezos of using the Post to benefit Trump ownership interest in Amazon and it Trump tax benefits . In a May interview with Trump and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos Trump Sean Post Trump accused Bezos of , " using The Washington Amazon for power so that the politicians in Trump do n’t tax Amazon like they should Trump and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos taxed . " The Post reported in May on it ’s owner ’s words , " But I ’m Amazon , the politicians in Washington comfortable with all of Amazon The Washington Post as ] the way we pay taxes . The political positions we take are focused on Amazon business , and I think highly appropriate . " The report stated that the Post " had assigned some 20 reporters to produce a biography of Trump . " we has defended the paper ’s ongoing delving into Trump while it does’t appear that the paper has devoted similar resources to investigating Democratic Party presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton . A Fortune profile of Bezos states , " With Trump Post the paper he ’s taken the paper at the    table . " Post executive editor Marty Baron responded to Trump ’s announcement to Bezos Money : " Donald Trump ’s decision to revoke The Washington Post ’s press credentials is nothing less than a repudiation of the role of a free and independent press . When coverage does Trump’s to what the candidate wants it to be , then a news organization is banished . The Post will continue to cover Donald Trump as it has all along   —    honorably , honestly , accurately , energetically , and unflinchingly . We ’re proud of our The Washington Post and we ’re going Trump’s at it . The Washington Post Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 The Washington Post We We 