American voters on November 8 gave Donald Trump a constitutional mandate to govern the country , a message rejected and challenged immediately by the same forces that hate constitutional limitations of any kind . [ Anyone who expected the left to cooperate with Donald Trump Donald Trump not been paying attention . Rejected at the polls , progressives took to the streets with new slogans and a new mythology to undermine not only Donald Trump ’s agenda but his not only Donald Trump’s as well .   " Majority of Voters chose Clinton ! " screamed a Planned Parenthood banner headline two days after the election . That theme has been used by many Trump opponents to challenge the legitimacy of his Trump It ’s That theme a Cleveland Indians baseball fan yelling that his team a Cleveland Indians baseball fan a majority of the runs scored in all seven games . Well , sorry , but the Cubs won four of the seven games , and that ’s how the World Series is decided . Trump won Trump Electoral College vote and that ’s how the Presidency is decided under the Constitution . However , as a matter of fact , Hillary Clinton did NOT win a majority of the popular vote , her opponents Hillary Clinton . Clinton won Hillary Clinton . 7 percent of the popular vote , not 50 percent plus one . That means that 52 . 3 percent of the voters supported someone else as President . If you add McMullin ’s    .3 percent to Hillary ’s Hillary Clinton . 7 percent , that is still only 48 percent and short of the 52 percent    vote when you add Gary Johnson ’s 3 . 3 percent and Jill Stein ’s 1 . 0 percent . Sorry , Juan Williams , but Hillary lost Hillary Clinton popular vote . Get over it . the popular vote you need more evidence of voter support of Trump ’s mandate , consider the OTHER national election held on November 8   —    the election of 438 members of United States House of Representatives : Republican candidates won some 3 , 000 , 000 more votes that Democratic candidates and retained majority control of that body . The street demonstrations against    Trump Trump Trump a temper tantrum by " sore losers " who were expecting a different outcome . Those street protests The street demonstrations against   Trump of what is in store for the country as we slide toward Third World politics . The left does not accept the moral legitimacy of the US Constitution , so why should we expect the left to we Trump The left    victory in the Electoral College ? In fact , the progressives are busy plotting to persuade enough of the Electoral College electors who will meet in December to cast a majority of their votes for Hillary Clinton   the progressives    ignoring the wishes of the voters who elected them on November 8 . Hypocrisy the progressives no bounds when it comes to " progressive politics . " These street protests against Trump ’s victory are not simply emotional outbursts by spoiled children . They are the first stage of These street protests against Trump’s victory organized progressive campaign to first delegitimize Trump ’s mandate and then derail Trump’s agenda . The left hopes to transform the " Heckler ’s veto " of free speech into the anarchists’ veto of constitutional government . And huge segments of the mainstream media will be a business partner in that enterprise . If you need evidence that the current street protests are not simply spontaneous combustion among disappointed partisans , look at the funding behind the groups supporting the demonstrations . MoveOn . Org is in the forefront , as are other groups funded by Hillary ’s deep pockets friend , George Soros . Are local Democrat mayors in Portland , Oakland , Los Angeles , and Denver loudly condemning the protests and asking their police departments to arrest the lawbreakers the protests Or do they offer sympathy and encourage the protests the lawbreakers    slogans like , the protests feel your pain ? " Donald Trump has been elected President of the United States by a resounding vote more representative of the nation than Bill Clinton ’s 43 percent the United States 1992 . Republicans did not take to the streets protesting Bill Clinton ’s poor showing of only 43 percent Bill Clinton’s vote . But this is 2016 , and progressives are suddenly angry and confused , finding themselves on the wrong side of history . Neither are some progressives very happy with the Trump mandate . Let ’s see how well the established political order accommodates to THIS new , New World Order . 
 