As Democrats are reeling from Tuesday night ’s election loss , some in the Democratic Party are calling for a split from the Democratic Party if it does not change . [ Bill Clinton former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich talked about creating a third party if the the Democratic Party not move in a more progressive direction .   " The Democratic Party the Democratic Party be the same it has been repudiated , the Democratic Party Reich said on a conference Bill Clinton former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich with members from the progressive grassroots group Democracy for America . " This has been a huge refutation of establishment politics , and the political organization has got to be changed .    …      If the Democratic Party ca n’t the Democratic Party we ’ll do it through the Democratic Party third the Democratic Party . " the Democratic Party Democratic Party is in an    the Democratic Party the more progressive wing of the party and the more corporate wing of the the Democratic Party Some in the party are blaming progressives the Democratic Party Bernie Sanders for refusing the Democratic Party behind Hillary Clinton . " The Sanders people should be mad at themselves , " said one    Democratic strategist to the Hill . The Sanders people If they had come out to vote , Donald Trump would n’t be The Sanders people . " Others say that the corporate wing of the party has to be purged to appeal the more corporate wing of the party in the building needs to be fired immediately , " Cenk Uygur , the host of the progressive political commentary show The Young Turks , told the Hill . It is unknown who will lead the Democratic Party as the party looks forward to the Hill elections in the Democratic Party the 2020 presidential the Democratic Party But one thing Democrats agree on is that they were ineffective at turning out older ,    voters in states like Pennsylvania and Wisconsin . " There were people who Democrats left out of the economy over the last eight years , who were never able to get back on their feet —   blue collar men and women , " former Sen. Ken Salazar ( . ) said . " Donald Democrats was able to capture them in terms of emotion and sentiment . " 
 