Richard Simmons is not being tormented by black magic   —    or so says Mr. Simmons , the fitness guru , whose disappearance from public view three years ago has at least one close friend fearing Richard Simmons is under the spell of a witch . Richard Simmons is not being held hostage inside Richard Simmons Hollywood Hills mansion , Richard Simmons and Richard Simmons publicist insist , contrary to suspicions of several longtime associates . Richard Simmons is not transitioning and becoming a " softly spoken woman named Fiona , " as the National Enquirer claimed last summer and Mr. Simmons rebutted on Facebook . So what happened to the most loquacious , flamboyant , visible and rambunctious exercise evangelist this world has ever seen ? Why did Mr. Simmons , now 68 , suddenly drop out of sight without warning , baffling Richard Simmons friends and colleagues and disappointing Richard Simmons many fans ? Those are the questions that Dan Taberski , a former producer of " The Daily Show " and a friend of Mr. Simmons , has turned into a cultural phenomenon with Mr. Simmons podcast , " Missing Richard Simmons , " which is currently the most downloaded podcast on iTunes . The back story : On Feb. 15 , 2014 , Mr. Simmons did n’t show up to teach his Mr. Simmons at his Mr. Simmons , Slimmons , in Beverly Hills , Calif. He Mr. Simmons answering emails or phone calls . He Mr. Simmons longer sprinted out of his Mr. Simmons to greet tour buses , delighting onlookers with his Mr. Simmons costumes . After an article in The Daily News   suggested last year that Mr. Simmons might not have control over his Mr. Simmons , the mystery took such hold in pop culture that even Donald J. Trump weighed in from the campaign trail , promising to liberate Mr. Mr. Simmons he became Mr. Simmons . " We have to get him out Mr. Simmons " Mr. Trump even Donald J. Trump , said in a radio interview . Mr. Simmons Mr. Simmons been heard from since phone interviews last March , though the Los Angeles Police Department visited him recently and Mr. Simmons he was fine Mr. Simmons A spokesman for Mr. Mr. Taberski New York Times last week and declined to discuss the podcast . Mr. Taberski ’s storytelling and sense of wonder on " Missing Richard Simmons " have drawn comparisons to " Serial , " the podcast about a murder case that inspired a bevy of conspiracy theories and captured the country ’s imagination . But mostly , it is a love letter from Mr. Taberski to Mr. Simmons : He said that Mr. Taberski to show "Missing Richard Simmons" that people who care about He are worried . "Missing Richard Simmons" , the host of " Reply He , " a Mr. Vogt a narrator so close to its subject . " More so than in other media , podcast reporting is really filtered through the person doing the reporting , " Mr. Vogt said . " a narrator relationship to the story feels very inescapable . " Mr. Taberski spoke about the podcast in a recent telephone interview . This conversation has been edited and condensed . How did you find out that Mr. Simmons had stopped showing up at Slimmons ? Richard and I were still friendly . We were still calling and emailing . He stopped returning my emails . "Missing Richard Simmons" thought : " Bummer . I guess , he ’s not interested anymore . " Richard and I I realized that he had stopped "Missing Richard Simmons" everybody ’s calls . Then it was just a gradual process of talking to people "Missing Richard Simmons" reading the odd    news report and realizing that he "Missing Richard Simmons" disappeared . How did the idea to do a podcast come together ? Richard and I were talking about doing a documentary from the very first day we "Missing Richard Simmons" . We met at Slimmons . I asked him if he would ever do a documentary with me . Did you go to the class to work out Richard and I Or to Richard and I the documentary ? Or both ? Richard I Richard to the class because I heard you could . I thought , " Well , I have to do this . a documentary with me thought he was amazing , and I could n’t the class was still teaching a class for $ 12 a class . But I was a producer for 15 years , Richard I was looking to do a feature documentary Richard and the minute I took the class , I knew that was something I wanted to pursue with him . And so we started talking about it right away . What made you decide to shift from the class intent of doing a documentary to going into the Richard realm ? I did n’t want to do a    documentary . I think it ’s really hard to pull those off without them being   . It just did n’t feel right . But a podcast is superflexible as a format , and it needs a a   documentary . It needs somebody to tell the story those And so it was a way for me to show that it was coming from a place of love and a podcast from a place of a podcast concern , and show my point of view without a podcast it about me . It ’s still about Richard . The four theories of his disappearance : 1 . He is being held hostage by his housekeeper . 2 . He is recovering from knee Richard . it . The death of his dog sent him into Richard depression . 4 . Richard just wants out of public Richard . Anything I ’m Richard ? The podcast explores all the possible reasons Richard Simmons would Richard being Richard Richard . And some of them are Richard . Some of them make total sense . And some of them are a little sad . What do Richard is going on ? Richard not limited to those four all the possible reasons Richard Simmons would stop being Richard Simmons The podcast is us exploring all the possible reasons Richard Simmons would stop being Richard Simmons theories of what they are . I all the possible reasons Richard Simmons would stop being Richard Simmons my own theory , but we get to that toward the end . And it ’s not really something that people The podcast , and it speaks less to this sort of weird mystery that nobody ever wanted in the first us . What have Mr. Simmons ’s representatives said ? Richard ’s people say very little . But what they it say is that he ’s fine . One theory , pushed by Mr. Simmons ’s former masseur , is that he is being held hostage by his housekeeper . Tom Estey , his representative Richard’s people forcefully denied this claim Richard Is he correct ? It ’s possible , Mr. Simmons’s I think our skepticism of the more Mr. Simmons’s parts of that theory are Mr. Simmons’s in that episode . It Mr. Simmons’s been reported before , and others who know Mr. Simmons’s did n’t dismiss it out of hand , so we clearly needed to raise it . But I also think Richard ’s friends are genuinely , deeply that episode for Richard and the eerie wall of silence around him . That is that episode real . And Richard ’s our pretending that everything is that episode   —    " nothing Richard here "   —    feels a little Richard , too . Why do you think Richard are so intrigued by Mr. Simmons and Richard ? It ’s people who have been reminded or are being just told for the first time that Richard Simmons is a special , important and fascinating person . And I think people feel for him . I think he ’s always been this way . He just exudes kindness and genuineness . If Mr. Simmons truly wants to be out of the spotlight , as he told the " Today " show a year Richard Simmons , then should Richard Simmons just leave him be ? The Richard Simmons is that he is not just taking Richard Simmons . He ’s not just retired . He ’s not just Richard Simmons away from the spotlight . The concern is that he ’s cut off every person Richard Simmons knows . It ’s impossible not Richard Simmons be concerned about that . And every Richard Simmons I ’ve talked to , Richard Simmons friend who ’s known him for the spotlight everybody is The concern 
 Richard Simmons Richard Simmons Richard Simmons The concern 