Pop superstar Beyoncé will join Pop superstar Beyoncé husband , rapper Jay Z , in Ohio on Friday to headline a major      concert for Hillary Clinton , according to a report . [ CBS News reports that Hillary Clinton is expected to attend the event , which will be held at Cleveland State University Friday evening . a major     concert for Hillary Clinton is aimed at galvanizing young and black supporters in the important battleground state the last weekend before Election Day .   Some reports indicate that Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James , who endorsed Clinton earlier Hillary Clinton month , may also make an appearance at Friday ’s event . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump currently holds a    lead over Clinton in Hillary Clinton , according to polls released this week . Early voting patterns look good for the Republican candidate in the Buckeye State . Jay Z ’s attendance at the concert had already been announced . However , the reported addition of Beyoncé to the Cleveland campaign event lineup adds even more star power , if not some controversy . As Breitbart News previously reported , Beyoncé has Beyoncé years stoking    sentiment . The Lemonade    the year with her    tribute to       Black Panther Party at the Super Bowl in February , where Beyoncé and Beyoncé backup dancers , clad    Panther uniforms , performed her    Lives Matter song    Formation . " Some , including former New York City Mayor Rudi Giuliani , called the Black Panther tribute performance a blatant " attack on police officers . " The    performance sparked backlash the Black Panther tribute performance a blatant "attack on police officers organizations across the country and resulted in calls for a boycott of Beyoncé ’s " Formation " world tour . Months later , Beyoncé mocked police officers by featuring merchandise Beyoncé her concerts bearing the slogan " Boycott Beyoncé . " After the    shooting deaths of two black men in July , Beyoncé penned an open later directed at Beyoncé law enforcement . " We are sick and tired of the killings of young men and women in our communities , " the Grammy    singer wrote in the letter posted to her website . " It is up the Grammy   singer us to take a stand and demand We they ‘ stop killing us . ’ " Earlier this year We Beyoncé   ’s streaming service Tidal pledged to donate $ 1 . 5 million to Black Lives Matter and other social    organizations .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 