The 2012 GOP nominee , Gov. Mitt Romney , revealed Friday afternoon that he will vote for Sen. Ted Cruz in Tuesday ’s Utah primary caucus . [ Governor tweeted on Friday :   This week , in Tuesday’s Utah primary caucus , I will vote for Sen. Ted Cruz . https :   .    —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) March 18 , 2016 ,   Cruz quickly Sen. Ted Cruz with his own Sen. Ted Cruz shortly after : Thank you , Governor ! https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) March 18 , 2016 ,   On March 3 Romney gave a highly publicized speech in which he lambasted GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump and Romney American voters to vote for the candidate that " has the best chance to beat Mr. Trump in any given state . " GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , the Director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah , host of the Romney speech , told Breitbart News that the vocal opposition to Trump was " just Act One " for Romney GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump Leading into March 15 primaries where Ohio Romney John Kasich and Florida senator Marco Rubio faced pivotal primaries in their home states Romney actively supported each of the Ohio governor John Kasich and Florida senator Marco Rubio . The Romney 2012 nominee recorded    for both Kasich to run in Ohio and Rubio to run in Florida . Romney Ohio hit the campaign trail in Florida making Romney appearance at a Kasich rally . Ohio the popular Ohio governor did Kasich fact bank his Romney victory Ohio     Ohio that garnered all Romney the state ’s 66 delegates , Rubio Ohio a crushing Florida loss Florida . After the loss , he left the race while Kasich remains in , despite a crushing Florida loss lag Rubio delegate count . Cruz did not utilize the 2012 nominee while campaigning ahead of the March 15 primaries and it does not appear he has in the march toward Tuesday ’s contests . Earlier this month Rubio was reported that Romney identified Cruz as the " emerging " Trump alternative it Not offering overwhelming excitement over Cruz closest competitor to Trump , Romney said , " I think a lot of people were surprised by how Romney Ted Cruz did . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Cruz 