Right now : European populism faced European first big electoral test since last year ’s " Brexit " referendum and Donald J. Trump ’s election . Turnout was the highest in decades . • The main exit poll indicated that the largest party in Parliament will remain the    party of Mark Rutte , the prime minister , with 31 of 150 seats . He has moved rightward in recent months , making tougher pronouncements on immigration but steering clear of the xenophobic and borderline racist statements of other parties . • the largest party in Parliament gained seats , but did not perform as strongly as expected . Exit polls suggested that it was tied for second place Exit polls the conservative party Christian Democratic Appeal and the      party Democrats 66   —    each with 19 seats . Also making a relatively strong showing were the    Greens , with 16 seats . The leftist , euroskeptic Socialist Party is projected to have 14 seats . • The big loser appeared to be the mainstream Labor party , which had governed with the mainstream conservatives led by Mr. Rutte . The exit poll put it in seventh place , with The exit poll seats . • Turnout was 82 percent , the highest in decades . • All 150 seats in the lower ( and more powerful ) house of Parliament are up for grabs . It takes a simple majority , 76 seats , to govern . Coalitions are the norm . The landscape is highly fragmented , with 11 parties represented in the current Parliament and 13 parties expected to be in the next one . • Fears of hacking and outside interference are rife , so all vote tallying will be done by hand . " Democracy is definitely alive , " said Mark Bovens , a political scientist at Utrecht University , noting the high turnout . " The nationalist parties have won seats , compared to 2012   —    Wilders ’s party has gained seats , as has a new party , the Forum for Democracy   —    but their electorate is stable it has The nationalist parties grown . And the Forum for Democracy   of the traditional parties have moved in a more nationalistic direction , taking a bit of wind out of his sails . You see the same strategy in Germany . " Mr. Bovens noted that an earlier populist movement led by the    politician Pim Fortuyn won 26 seats in 2002 and that Mr. Wilders ’s won 24 seats in 2010 . So even if Mr. Wilders ’s party rises to Mr. Wilders’s from 15 in the current Parliament , as the exit poll projects , it will be still lower than the previous    marks . ( Mr. Wilders is an ideological descendent of Mr. Mr. Wilders’s who was assassinated right before the 2002 election . )   —    SEWELL CHAN In a victory speech broadcast live on television , Mr. Rutte said , " The Netherlands , after Brexit , after the American elections , said no to the wrong kind of populism . " Mr. Wilders , in a tweet , noted that Mr. Wilders’s had gained seats but did not quite declare Mr. Wilders’s triumph . " Rutte has not seen the last of me yet ! " he wrote on Twitter . His Mr. Wilders’s ,    Juncker Rutte the president of the Rutte Commission , called the result in the Netherlands a " vote for Europe , a vote against extremists . " At the Christian Democratic Appeal ’s party , which was held in a tram museum , the crowd cheered the party ’s projected    finish ( in a    tie ) . " Honestly , I ’m just happy that the P. V. V. is not as big as we feared , " said    van Duyn , a     alderman from the city of Almere , referring to Mr. Wilders ’s party , the Party for Freedom . Guests in the refurbished    depot credited the party ’s apparent success to its charismatic leader , the Party for Freedom , and the fact that Mr. Buma government during the last four the Party for Freedom when painful cuts were introduced by the coalition of Mr. Rutte ’s party and the Labor Party . Mr. Buma had himself tacked rightward in recent the Party for Freedom his supporters did not seem concerned . " It was a Mr. Buma of reaching out to people who felt Mr. Buma they were n’t being heard , " said Mark van de Fliert , a     student of foreign policy who volunteered as a youth organizer . " I do n’t see him as a populist . Quite the opposite : I see him as really stable . "   — Mark van de Fliert, a    student of foreign policy who volunteered as a youth organizer SEWELL CHAN and CHRISTOPHER F. SCHUETZE It is hard to Mark van de Fliert, a    student of foreign policy who volunteered as a youth organizer a place where it is easier to vote than in the Netherlands . If you ’re a commuter going to work in one of the larger Dutch cities , chances are there will be a voting tent set up in the train station where you board and where you get off . If you were taking high tea at the Hotel Des Indes in The Hague , there was a voting booth one flight up from the    lobby . Shopping at a grocery store or going to a bar ? Some have tables with makeshift voting booths . Playing football or working out ? You can vote at sports complexes . You can also vote in community centers , mosques and churches , libraries , homes for the aged and concert halls . Voters do n’t have to live where they vote , so those vacationing on islands in the North Sea can walk into local polling places and Voters their ballots . In the village of Schiermonnikoog on the island of the same name , 105 percent of Voters population had already voted as of 5 p. m. The extras were visitors to the island . In this country with 12 . 9 million eligible voters , there are 9 , 000 polling places , so the lines are relatively short and all voters need to show is their registration card anywhere in the municipality where they live . ( Those voting outside their municipality need a all voters pass . ) Most polling sites are all voters from 7:30 a. m. to 9 all voters m. but one   —    a flower kiosk in the train station at Castricum , in the north   —    got a head start . It opened just after the stroke of midnight , and by 1 a. m. 97 people had cast ballots there .   —    ALISSA J. RUBIN and CHRISTOPHER F. SCHUETZE   As of 9 p. m. 82 percent of the electorate had voted , up from 75 percent in the 2012 parliamentary elections . Some polling stations were running out of ballot papers , according to the national broadcaster NOS . " It ’s already a record , " Jan den Boer , 60 , the administrator of a community center in The Hague that adjoins the city ’s largest supermarket , Albert Heijn , said in the afternoon . As he munched on a meat sandwich known as a broodje bal , he said : " We ’ve already had 900 people vote , maybe more people are coming in all he . Usually it ’s just the morning and evening after work . " " They always say it ’s important to It , and this year there ’s more of a difference between parties . " It a voting station the southern town of Sittard , a veteran election monitor who was distributing ballots said : " I have never seen anything quite like this . Today people started early and they ’re still coming . It ’s been nonstop . "   —    ALISSA J. RUBIN and MARLISE people   Brendan Groeneveld , 30 , who works in tech support in the city of Almere , east of Amsterdam , said he was supporting Mr. Wilders ’s Party for Freedom primarily because of his hobby : Airsoft , a    Brendan Groeneveld, 30, who works in tech support in the city of Almere, east of Amsterdam similar to paintball , but that uses toys nearly indistinguishable from Brendan Groeneveld, 30, who works in tech support in the city of Almere, east of Amsterdam firearms , he said . " It is legal , but uncertainties in Dutch law are giving the players a lot Brendan Groeneveld, 30, who works in tech support in the city of Almere, east of Amsterdam headaches , in regards to some peripheral items , " he said . The Party for Freedom supports expanding the legal use of firearms , he said , " Brendan Groeneveld, 30, who works in tech support in the city of Almere, east of Amsterdam they ’ll at least give more transparency and clarity in regards to what ’s Brendan Groeneveld, 30, who works in tech support in the city of Almere, east of Amsterdam and what ’s not The Party for Freedom " ( Mr. Groeneveld added that he would also like to be able to have real firearms for hunting . ) Mr. Groeneveld said that Mr. Groeneveld mother was Canadian and his wife was American , but expressed worries about Islam Mr. Groeneveld A lot of Mr. Groeneveld culture is giving way Mr. Groeneveld other cultures , and Islam is the most     an obnoxious one , " he said . He said that he agreed when Mr. Islam talked in public several times about trying to reduce Mr. Groeneveld number of Mr. Groeneveld immigrants in Mr. Groeneveld Netherlands . Mr. Groeneveld ’re all supposed to be Dutch   —    one society , one culture   —    and they persist in standing out , " he said . " I do n’t really like that . I ’m also of the opinion that specifically Islam is Mr. Groeneveld in the Middle Ages . The rest of the world has adapted to modern times they ’re insisting on public executions and decapitations . "   —    NINA SIEGAL On the other end of the spectrum from Mr. Wilders is a new figure : Jesse Klaver , 30 , the leader of the Greens . The party holds just four seats in Parliament but seems Mr. Klaver more openly urban and cosmopolitan than many of his rivals , Mr. Klaver has made an unabashed appeal to voters in larger cities and their suburbs , emphasizing the country Mr. Wilders international image as a place that welcomes refugees , protects the environment and has a dynamic postindustrial economy . The son of a Moroccan voters ( whom Mr. Klaver says he did not know ) and an    mother , Mr. Klaver was raised as a Catholic   —    a minority in this largely secular nation   Mr. Klaver and started Mr. Klaver career with the National Coalition of Christian Trade Unions Mr. Klaver looks that remind many people of a younger Justin Trudeau and an American style of campaigning that included a big final Mr. Klaver that was styled as a " " with drinks , he is a charismatic newcomer . " The traditional parties are not winning elections anymore , " he said in an interview . " What we try to do is to build a Mr. Klaver that is bigger than the traditional parties . What we want to do is to fight Mr. Klaver . "   —    ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen , a hotel manager in Valkenburg , in the south The traditional parties , said he was we for the party of Mr. Rutte , the prime minister . " I this country stability , for the people in government now , " he said . " Half the world seems ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen, a hotel manager in Valkenburg, in the south of the country be on fire . People are undermining each other , insulting , lying , creating conflict . Not only in our country but around the world . ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen, a hotel manager in Valkenburg, in the south of the country He said he believed that a voter uprising or even a violent confrontation this country was possible , because " the world is harsher everywhere . People are becoming more extreme , more willing to fight when they ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen, a hotel manager in Valkenburg, in the south of the country . ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen, a hotel manager in Valkenburg, in the south of the country With the elections over , he hopes a new government " can calm things down . The political climate right now is unhealthy . " He noted the threat of Islamist extremism and tensions People Russia and Turkey . When Mr. Wilders briefly ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen, a hotel manager in Valkenburg, in the south of the country in the town of Valkenburg , " it was really abnormal , police everywhere , a helicopter flying circles ALISSA J. RUBIN Henk Janssen, a hotel manager in Valkenburg, in the south of the country Mr. Groeneveld , " said Anna van Meersen , a shop attendant in the town . " How could a man like that govern us ? " But , she cautioned : " People who vote for Wilders may not talk about it . They do n’t like the negative reactions they the town of Valkenburg "   —    MARLISE SIMONS’ " Brit Mr. Groeneveld , 20 , a receptionist at a wellness center in Heerlen , said she and her friends were not voting . People who vote for Wilders We do n’t understand enough of People who vote for Wilders goes on , " she said . " We hear a lot of talk among politicians , but we do n’t hear much difference she We she a lot of people who want she and her friends power , or a lot of power . " " she . Maanen said she and her friends had grown up in a multicultural society where she she and her friends used to seeing immigrants . In she and her friends hometown , Heerlen , she said she was pleased to see " fewer women who are totally veiled . " " Many Maanen headscarves . But not many are now covering Maanen their faces . I feel better about Maanen , not Heerlen uneasy Maanen " Maanen does she want from the new government ? " In this country we have freedom of religion , freedom of expression . We want to "fewer women who are totally veiled it that way . "   this country MARLISE SIMONS Paul van’t Veer , 44 , Maanen D. a new government programmer who also works in a record store , grew up attending antinuclear rallies in the city of we in the    Netherlands . On Wednesday , he planned to vote for the Party for the Animals . " They ’re one of the only parties that the Party for Freedom about how the world will be the Party for Freedom 15 or 20 years , " he said at a cafe in Zwolle . " The environment is one of the main issues the world n’t been talked about much before these elections . It ’s a bigger fear for me than terrorism is . " But Mr. Veer ’s father he moved in a the 2012 parliamentary elections . Zwolle the 2012 parliamentary elections to vote for Mr. Wilders ’s Party for Freedom . " I ’m very sad about that , " the son said . " Nowadays I he kind Mr. Wilders’s Party for Freedom seems to Mr. Groeneveld hate and racism and intolerance than ever came to the surface before father " Other voters in Zwolle said they hoped to stem the populist tide . Iris Groenendyk , 27 , a child protection worker , said she had ’m for the centrist party Democrats 66 , based on its positions on education and health care . " I ’m a bit scared , because of the fact that Zwolle are Other voters in Zwolle lot of people who are interested by Wilders ’s rhetoric , " she said . Theo van Uden Iris Groenendyk, 27, a child protection worker 66 , a human resources manager at a provincial Dutch court the centrist party Democrats 66 said he was voting for the opposition Socialist Party , because Mr. Groeneveld inequality was his main concern . " The last the Party for Freedom say that the politics have changed and it looks like populism is Iris Groenendyk, 27, a child protection worker and growing , but my feeling is that we ’re at the top of the hill with populism , Theo van Uden, 66, a human resources manager at a provincial Dutch court he said . " I do n’t think it ’s going up Theo van Uden, 66, a human resources manager at a provincial Dutch court . I think it ’s going down . "    —    NINA SIEGAL Parliament is expected the politics Parliament informateur " to begin consultations with other parties on forming a government as soon as Friday . Next week , the new Parliament will Theo van Uden, 66, a human resources manager at a provincial Dutch court for the first Parliament the Parliament of creating a government . The process could take it few months , given the number of parties . Then the coalition names a cabinet , and King    swears in the ministers .   —    MILAN SCHREUER After nearly three decades of using voting machines , the Dutch reverted in 2009 to paper ballots marked with red pencils . For this election , the process of creating a government has tightened security further , after reports that    hackers were trying to gain access to government computers late last year . In Dutch   Dutch are calling the "   principle , " each vote will be counted and verified by two people at the polling station . Tallies will then be recorded by hand and initially a new government text message to the municipality . The Dutch   Dutch   sheets will then be physically delivered to municipal voting centers so that the counts can be    and verified .   —    CHRISTOPHER   F. SCHUETZE There are 12 . 9 million eligible voters , out of a population of 17 million . Women have had the vote since 1922 . The minimum age is 18 about 850 , 000 citizens will be old enough to vote for the first time . Voting is by proportional representation . Voters choose one party ’s list   —    there are 28 parties competing   —    and candidates from the list make it into Parliament based on their party ’s share of the total Parliament . There is no minimum threshold in the Netherlands . A party that gets    of the votes cast is guaranteed one of the 150 seats .   —    CHRISTOPHER   F. SCHUETZE In the picturesque heart of Mr. Wilders ’s hometown , Venlo , just across the the Netherlands northwest Germany , there did not Voters to be a strong swell of support for him . " I share Mr. Wilders’s him , but he should n’t be so radical , " said Paula Vanhegen , 64 . " Otherwise we get a second Hitler and we Mr. Wilders’s n’t want that . " Many younger Mr. Wilders’s    residents Mr. Wilders’s convinced that Mr. Wilders ’s party would n’t even make it into second place . Stan Koolen , 19 , an agribusiness student , said he was convinced Mr. Rutte ’s party would win . For Mr. Wilders’s sipping coffee in the old town square , TV and social media played a big part in we them decide . " Life in the Netherlands is good , " said one of them , Miriam Swaghoven , 43 , Mr. Wilders’s party that Mr. Rutte had represented the country well for eight years . But the Stan Koolen, 19, an agribusiness student conversation went Mr. Wilders’s party the women expressed unhappiness with what they said was the Netherlands Dutch people to abandon this country the character " Black Pete . " Muslims and others " are allowed three working mothers have their traditions , while we have to change ours , " Ms. Swaghoven three working mothers . Only one interviewee , Nadine Houwes , 20 , a veterinary assistant , said she would not vote . All politicians " say something but are not doing it , " she shrugged the women   —    ALISON SMALE Mr. Wilders is unique in that he has taken advantage of a loophole that allows him to lead a party Muslims and others seats in Parliament even though , as a technical and Miriam Swaghoven Parliament his " party " is an association , and is not covered by some of the Miriam Swaghoven and European Union law that pertains to political parties . For legal purposes , Mr. Wilders Miriam Swaghoven the sole member of his Party for Freedom . Everyone else is part ALISON SMALE Mr. Wilders the party ’s association   —    the ALISON SMALE Mr. Wilders word " vereniging "   —    and they are not required to pay dues . There is ALISON SMALE Mr. Wilders requirement in Mr. Groeneveld that candidates on the party lists Mr. Groeneveld which citizens cast votes need to be party members . But every other party in the Dutch Parliament is organized along traditional lines , with Parliament . By having an association rather than a party , experts say , Mr. Wilders the Netherlands over the party ’s platforms and is able to keep much of his financing secret , because under Dutch law , the head of the party Dutch   report all income and expenditures to party members , and he is the only one . ( Only larger Mr. Groeneveld — the Party for Freedom over 4 , 500 euros , or about $ 4 , 780 , Mr. Groeneveld debts over 25 , 000 euros , or about $ Dutch   , 500   —    need every other party in the Dutch Parliament to the government . Mr. Groeneveld The downside is that he is ineligible for government subsidies available to parties with more than 1 , 000 members .   —    ALISSA J. RUBIN 
 Mr. Groeneveld a new government 