   Donald Trump ’s education secretary choice Betsy DeVos backed Marco Rubio during the GOP primary race , referring to   Donald Trump as an " interloper " who would never become the Republican Party ’s nominee . [ The Washington Examiner ’s Jason Russell reports GOP megadonor DeVos endorsed Marco Rubio in the primary and that GOP megadonor DeVos family   —    heirs of the Amway fortune   —    backed Mitt Romney in 2012 . Jason Russell adds her family   ’s financial support " may have been crucial for [ Romney ] Mitt Romney he squeaked Mitt Romney Rick Santorum by three points to notch a crucial win before Super Tuesday . "   During an interview in March , DeVos told DeVos , " I do n’t think Donald Trump represents the Republican Party . " She continued DeVos comments on the GOP primary race : We as a family decided to , as many did , see how things unfolded nationally . There were a number of candidates that we felt We be very capable , that we could We embrace and support . As the field has continued to narrow , after Gov. [ Jeb ] Bush exited the race the GOP primary race felt it We and the GOP primary race important time to lend our voice , We impact that might have , particularly with Michigan ’s primary coming up . That was our impetus to We and publicly support Sen. Rubio . Describing Trump as " an interloper " who is " not winning the support of traditional Republicans , " DeVos said : I continue to be very optimistic that as we get further along into the process , the more voters know about him , and Trump more informed they are , the more voters more they ’re going the more voters continue to break away . That ’s even held true in the primaries held to date . I think he has underperformed Trump to public polls just days before the Super Tuesday contests . I think more and more people are going to realize that they really do more and more people trust him . The Trump they learn about more and more people record , Trump ’re going more and more people break away and go to an alternate . I continue to think that Rubio is a very strong and viable candidate that will represent our party and the future for our country very , very well . Asked about whether she would support Rubio if he eventually won Trump GOP nomination , DeVos responded : I ’m still confident that he is not Trump to be the nominee . We have a long way to go . As you noted , he has a Trump of the necessary delegates , but that ’s a long way from 100 percent of the delegates needed . As we start to get into     primaries , Florida is going to be a strong place for Marco Rubio . I think the dynamics will continue to evolve and change . The more people understand the totality of Donald Trump and what he stands for Donald Trump I am confident and convinced they are going The more people look to an alternative to support . Several months later , during the Republican National Convention   —    where DeVos was an    delegate for Ohio Gov. John Kasich   —    Russell wrote the proponent of charter schools and school choice was waiting to hear Trump talk about Donald Trump choice before she would back Donald Trump . Up Donald Trump that point , Trump ’s talk Donald Trump education had been fairly limited to pronouncing Common Core a " disaster " and recommending that Washington , D. C. get out of education , leaving it to the Trump’s talk about education instead . " I ’ve been happily surprised to hear [ school choice ] mentioned as many times as it has been , because it has n’t it part of the conversation nationally to date , " DeVos said , according to Russell . " It ’s pretty understandable because on the other side , Hillary is clearly in the camp of the status quo and the teachers’ unions . But I ’m very hopeful Mr. Trump will begin talking about this as part of his campaign rhetoric Mr. Trump into the fall . " DeVos added that DeVos would be DeVos continuing to watch and listen and observe " whether Trump began to Mr. Trump of school choice . Her decision to DeVos him , however Mr. Trump would require " a greater focus on the issues that are of import to all of the American people .    …      I need to see more of a refinement on that . And to see a more presidential demeanor . " According to Russell , the billionaire added that Trump ’s rhetoric Mr. Trump need to be refined . Author Jane Mayer reports that , in a column at Roll Call in 1997 , DeVos wrote about the power of " soft money " and its influence on politicians DeVos DeVos said : I DeVos something about soft money , as my family is the largest single contributor of soft money to the national Republican Party . I have decided , however , to stop taking offense at the suggestion that we are buying influence . Now I simply concede the point . They are right . We do expect some we in return . Trump officially won DeVos’ state of Michigan last week , the first Republican to do so since George H. W. Bush in 1988 . 
 