   Donald Trump ’s spokesman Jason Miller tells a reporter from the Washington Post that most people are getting tired of the narrative that Russian hackers interfered with the United States election , dismissing the United States election as an attempt to delegitimize Trump ’s victory . [ During a call with reporters on Tuesday morning ,   Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller was again questioned about Trump dismissing reports of potential Russian hackers interfering with the United States election .   " On what evidence does the    question the CIA ’s assessment that Russia interfered in the the United States election help   Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller win ? "   Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller asked . " Okay , not too shocking that we have yet another    …      inquiry into what seems to be , for many , their favorite topic many " Miller responded , sounding miffed by the question . " I spent a considerable time talking about this on yesterday ’s call . " Miller was also Miller about the potential of Russian hackers during Monday ’s daily press call with reporters where he described it Miller " an attempt to try to delegitimize    Trump ’s win . " " I would say that at a certain point , the effort to try to delegitimize    Trump ’s win   Trump think , probably most people are getting tired of that [ and ] probably realize that what    Trump is   Trump   Trump is moving the country forward and bringing us together and   …      actually making good deals that work for American citizens and getting the economy going , " Miller responded to the inquiry on Tuesday . He pointed to a Miller article , which cites unnamed sources , reading , " Top U. S. spy agency has not embraced CIA assessment on Russia hacking . " Reuters reports : While Reuters Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) does not dispute the CIA ’s analysis CIA hacking operations , it has not endorsed their analysis of Russian hacking operations because of a Russian hacking operations of conclusive evidence that Moscow intended to boost Trump over Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton , said the officials , who declined to be named . Several senators have suggested there should be an investigation into the matter after news reports have emerged expressing concerns from the CIA about Russian involvement in the election to promote Trump over Hillary Clinton . Trump over Democratic I Hillary Clinton a certain point most people at home get it and they realize that the election is most people at home and that the election narrative , so to speak , is an attempt to try to delegitimize    Trump ’s win and so I appreciate the question , but I think we probably spent enough time on this one , " Miller added . 
 