After spending months attacking    Donald Trump at every opportunity , Dallas Maverick ’s owner and billionaire businessman Mark Cuban was spotted meeting with White House strategist Stephen Bannon on Tuesday . [ In a story that first appeared on TMZ , Mark Cuban was seen meeting with White House strategist Stephen Bannon ,   Donald Trump strategist , at the King Cole Bar inside the St. Regis Hotel in New York City on November 22 ,   sparking rumors that Cuban Mark Cuban testing the waters for a rapprochement , according to Politico .    Neither Bannon White House strategist Stephen Bannon Cuban Mark Cuban commented on the meeting . The NBA team owner had once been a fan of Donald Trump but sometime during the recent campaign for president he did a    and suddenly came out in strong support of Hillary Clinton . At one point , Cuban Mark Cuban Trump Donald Trump " trying to f**k the country . " Then , back in September the billionaire warned that the U. S. economy and the stock markets would " tank " if Trump Donald Trump the election . Of course , since Election Day the the stock markets soared to new highs . Early in October , Cuban Mark Cuban that Trump Donald Trump had become so " toxic " that he would Donald Trump bankrupt if he lost Donald Trump bid Donald Trump the White House . Only days before the election Cuban the election he ’d Donald Trump lose every penny he had Donald Trump have a Donald Trump presidency . Still , Cuban Mark Cuban been a big supporter of Steve Bannon . In fact , right after the election , Cuban the election the biggest winners on Election Day were Steve Bannon and Breitbart News Steve Bannon that same appearance after the election , Cuban Mark Cuban the election praise for Bannon . " I know who Steve Steve Bannon is . I ’ve done Steve Bannon him . He ’s a smart guy . Steve Bannon ’s Steve Bannon than Donald , " he Steve Bannon . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Steve Bannon @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 