Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton warns Americans that Russian president Vladimir Putin is trying to hack the United States presidential election to help Donald Trump win . [ Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was asked about reports suggesting that Russian hackers were trying to hack into voter information in the United States during an interview with ABC ’s David Muir .   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said that was " there is no doubt in my mind " that " there is something going on " with Putin , suggesting that Russia would try to hack the election . " Every American should be concerned about Russia doing Russia to try to tilt and influence our election , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton cited American intelligence as proof that Russians were behind the DNC email hack . " Voters should be concerned about this , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton also theorized that Putin basically admitted that he was Putin to influence the election by hacking into American networks . " What I found very troubling but also revealing is when Putin was Putin asked that , he did Putin deny it , " Clinton said . " He said Putin well it ’s it the information got out . Which , having dealt with Putin , Putin took as an admission . " However , Putin did Putin that Russia ’s government was responsible for the DNC hack . " I do n’t know anything about it , and on a state level Russia has Russia done this , " Putin said Putin an interview with Bloomberg News . " Listen , does it even matter who hacked this data ? " Putin continued Putin the interview an interview with Bloomberg News The important thing is the content that was given to the public . " But Clinton assured Americans that Putin preferred Putin Trump to be the next president of the United States , citing " close relationships " with people in Trump ’s circle Donald Trump " all the way up to Putin himself Putin 
 