Sunday in an interview aired on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s " phony strength " makes the job of defeating ISIS harder .   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said , " What unfortunately Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has done is made our job harder and given a lot of aid and comfort to ISIS ISIS , even ISIS ISIS who want to create this as some kind of clash of civilization , a religious war . It this not . And we ca n’t let it this that . " When asked about Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump strong leadership Clinton said , " Well , there ’s phony strength and there ’s real strength . It ’s phony strength to not know what you ’re talking about and to make outrageous statements that will actually make our we harder no matter how , in the moment , it sounds . Real strength is leveling with the American people and making it clear , we will defeat ISIS . I do believe that . But that we we got to make sure that here at home we we not opening doors to people who feel that somehow they want to be part of this global movement because Donald Trump has said it this global movement a war between us we them they and that ’s pretty attractive to people . And we we finding more and more as we look at the profiles of some of the folks who get radicalized and recruited that there is an element of mental illness in some , there is an element of just total alienation . " " We do n’t have the depth of problems that you see in Europe because we We done a much better job of assimilating people from everywhere , " she continued . " We We a nation of immigrants and we We be proud of that . It that a great asset . So we We n’t let Trump or anybody of his Trump or undermine one of our We strengths . So real strength will come here at home in making sure we We with law enforcement , and with schools and with community organizations to help people identify anyone who is being recruited , to try to intervene early , to have the best intelligence , an intelligence surge that will better prepare us We protect ourselves We That ’s the hard work that is required . That ’s the work that the people I was meeting with today from Republican and Democratic administrations know we have to do . And it ’s not the loose talk and the bombastic commentary that ’s going to defeat this enemy . It it the millions of decisions by strong , patriotic Americans and our allies around the world . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 