BATON ROUGE , Louisiana   —    In a radio ad to African American voters in 2007 ,    Hillary Clinton called President George W. Bush " invisible " in   Hillary Clinton response to Hurricane Katrina . [   Hillary Clinton blasted President George W. Bush in the ad , which   Hillary Clinton ran in South Carolina , portraying President George W. Bush as an absentee president who neglected Katrina victims , despite flying over South Carolina when it was hit with the fatal natural disaster .   " And if you ’re stuck on a rooftop or stranded in the Superdome during a hurricane , you ’re invisible to President George W. Bush even when you ’re on CNN , "   Hillary Clinton said in the the ad, which she ran in South Carolina   Hillary Clinton has yet to even set a date to visit Louisiana flood victims , saying in a statement that   Hillary Clinton does not want to " disrupt " the    efforts in the wake of the unprecedented flooding , as Breitbart News reported . " The best way to help Louisianans affected by these terrible floods is to make sure they have the these terrible floods they need today these terrible floods "   Hillary Clinton said in a statement released by   Hillary Clinton campaign . " I am committed to visiting communities affected by these floods , these terrible floods time when the presence of a political campaign will not disrupt the response , to discuss how we can and will rebuild . " President Obama has not received similar criticism from   Hillary Clinton either , although he was widely criticized President Obama residents and Louisiana newspapers for refusing to cut his vacation short and President Obama the state , Breitbart Texas reported .   Hillary Clinton actually spent time with Obama during   Hillary Clinton trip President Obama last week to Martha ’s Vineyard where   Hillary Clinton threw   Hillary Clinton husband , former President Bill Clinton a birthday party . Meanwhile , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump visited Louisiana flood victims with his running mate Indiana GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Mike Pence , donating a    of supplies and necessities to those uprooted by the historic flooding . Like Clinton , Obama once former President Bill Clinton Bush for his response to Katrina Bush saying that Bush ’s flyover across Bush state at the time was a metaphor for his failed presidency . Bush Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at John Binder . 
 