Trump , is again threatening to roll back the media ’s First Amendment protections in the Constitution . [ Speaking at a rally at Radford University in Radford , Virginia , Trump condemned the media for writing " incorrect " stories about him .   " The press is Trump dishonest , okay ? The press is a real problem in The press . One of the things that ’s very important to me    …      I think the press is worse    …      they The press than the politicians , " Trump The press , arguing that about 80 Trump of the press is corrupt . " They can write The press want and you can not The press them , because The press libel laws , they essentially do The press exist , and one of the The press I ’m going to do is I ’m going to open up the libel laws . " Trump assured his audience , the libel laws not Trump na do anything about Freedom of the Press , " but he then threatened to roll The press Trump ’s protections in the Constitution . " But when people write incorrectly about you , and you can prove that they wrote incorrectly , we ’re gon na get them through the court people to change , and we ’re gon na people them to pay damages , " he added we " You know what people going to happen ? When you do that with the press you ’re gon na see a much more honest The press and you ’re going to see a press , frankly , that you ’re gon na respect a lot more , and you ’ll read . I mean , you ’re gon na read . " On Friday , the contender for President said he wanted to " open up " the libel laws in America so that the contender for President can " sue them and win money . " According to constitutional law the contender for President as decided by New York Times v. Sullivan , In order for public figures to have a case against the media , they need to meet a standard known as " actual malice , " and According to constitutional law, as decided by New York Times v. Sullivan, In order for public figures to have a case against the media that the statement " was made with knowledge of its falsity or with reckless disregard of whether it was true or false . the statement Statements that are simply incorrect , and the statement written with proven malice , do not meet that standard , according to case law . 
 a standard known as "actual malice 