Many corporate executives are now ducking    advocacy because Many corporate executives ’ve seen how Target Corp. ’s    push sparked a painful customer boycott , says Ed Vitagliano , executive vice president of the American Family Association . [ The economically damaging boycott of Target " makes it easier for [ other ] company officials to address gay groups , transgender groups , and say ‘ We have a responsibility to We shareholders and We do not want to anger We customer base , and so We ’re not taking your side or the other side,’ " in political fights , he told Breitbart News .   Vitagliano praised Breitbart ’s    against    Kellogg ’s , which recently announced Kellogg would join a progressive campaign to block Internet advertising on Breitbart ’s news site . a progressive campaign to block Internet advertising on Breitbart’s news site is intended to get companies to restrict the free speech of mainstream political news companies , such as Breitbart , which do not comply with progressives’ ideological agendas . In response , Breitbart is urging Americans to deter corporate suppression of    by joining the popular and effective boycott of Kellogg ’s products . " We applaud Breitbart ’s boycott , support it wholeheartedly and encourage people to sign on to this important effort , " said the AFA . " Kellogg ’s Kellogg is ] a company that has surprisingly revealed itself to Kellogg a leftist corporation that scorns conservatives , " said the AFA the AFA April 2016 , Target said it would Kellogg    bathrooms and changing rooms , and would force its customers and    to pretend that a person ’s sex is decided not by biology , but by their wishes , its customers and employees their    " its customers and employees identity . " More than 1 million people quickly signed up with the AFA ’s boycott to reject this     " transgender ideology . " The company ’s stock dipped by 20 percent , slashing almost $ 10 billion from the company ’s The company’s market analysts downgraded their expectations of company revenues market analysts   The boycott is the AFA’s boycott to reject this    "transgender ideology Vitagliano said . " What we ’re hoping is that [ boycott ] pressure will continue to grow on Target in the holidays , and they ’ll just have to make [boycott] pressure will continue to grow on Target in the holidays concession [ that ] it was not a good idea , " he said . The boycott was Vitagliano the AFA’s boycott to reject this    "transgender ideology coverage in Breitbart , he added .   " Breitbart has Vitagliano instrumental in helping the Breitbart Family Association get the word out about our immensely successful boycott of Target . the American Family Association he said .   Since the boycott Breitbart , the the AFA’s boycott to reject this    "transgender ideology responded by cutting prices , the American Family Association analysts predict the company will lag behind its rivals . For the American Family Association a series of market the American Family Association now predict the company ’s stock will drift down to $ 75 the American Family Association next year , keeping it almost $ 9 behind its    peak of almost $ 84 the company’s stock April 2016 . Target the company’s stock rivals have done better during 2016 —    Kohl ’s stock value is up 10 percent , Amazon ’s value is up 10 percent and WalMart is down only 5 percent . In the competitive ,     world of retail , Target is falling behind those rivals because its executives preferred to play Target politics instead of Target’s rivals shareholders Target customers what they wanted . Ironically , Target has done transgender politics in the market segment transgender politics no dressing rooms Target required   —    the online sector , where customers shop from their own homes .   With Target penalized by the AFA boycott , customers other retail stores staying Target , gay advocacy groups have relied on their allies in universities and Silicon Valley to push their      campaign . neutral, gay advocacy groups    campaign was inflicted on North Carolina in neutral, gay advocacy groups , when the their     campaign decision by the city of Charlotte . The city had earlier voted to eliminate any recognition of the two sexes   — the city of Charlotte and female   —   when it passed an ordinance allowing people to use any public toilet , regardless of sex . the city of Charlotte gay groups , led by the Human Rights Council , worked quietly with President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton to persuade their business allies to cancel sports events , entertainment events and even investments in the state President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton Obama also sent his Attorney General to sue the state for supposedly violating claimed legal rights of transgenders . Obama state ’s progressive media the state the    economic boycott of the state on GOP Gov. the state who subsequently lost the 2016 election by just 10 , 000 the state   That success for the gay groups , however , was offset by the shocking presidential election loss to Donald Trump ’s    populist coalition . Since then , Trump has nominated GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions to serve as his Attorney General , and he is likely to enforce Donald Trump privacy laws GOP protect men and women , boys Donald Trump girls , in their Donald Trump and restrooms .   Since the election , progressives and gay groups are begun trying to use their commercial allies to hurt mainstream media outlets , such as Breitbart , by claiming they ’re selling " fake progressives and gay groups . " The progressives are hoping that executives in Internet and advertising companies , progressives and gay groups as Facebook and Google , will agree to gradually block the visibility and advertising of the increasingly popular mainstream publications . That campaign is designed to aid progressive media outlets , such as the New York Times and CBS , to regain control over the public ’s political debates .   So far , more than 400 , 000 people have joined Breitbart ’s boycott against Kellogg ’s . By participating in political conflicts , companies " put themselves in a very tough spot , " said Vitagliano . " When you pick a side in the culture companies , it is very difficult to extract yourself . " 
 