Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman John Podesta is blaming the FBI , after Russians successfully hacked the Democratic National Committee ’s emails . [ Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta complained that the FBI the FBI to physically send an agent to warn the DNC , even though FBI the FBI repeatedly called the the DNC warn it of Russian cyber attacks on their network .   " What takes this from baffling to downright infuriating is that at nearly the exact same time that no one at the the FBI be bothered to drive 10 minutes to raise the alarm at DNC headquarters , the DNC agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department were in Denver visiting a tech firm that had helped maintain Clinton ’s email server , " he said . two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department called the two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department the FBI " saying it spent more the FBI investigating Hillary Clinton ’s email server than protecting Democrats from hacking . " As the former chair of the Clinton campaign and a Clinton target of Russian hacking , I understand just how serious this is , " he said . Podesta two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department list of two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department even longer . He grumbled that agents were two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department investigating Trump ’s ties to Russia or investigating Roger Stone for his communications with WikiLeaks . two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department The election is over and the damage is done , but the threat from Russia and other potential aggressors Russia urgent and demands a serious and sustained response , " he said .    Donald two agents accompanied by attorneys from the Justice Department appeared to respond Trump’s    on Twitter . " Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate ? " he asked . But those emails Trump’s from Podesta ’s private Gmail account , where it was revealed that CNN contributor Donna Brazile gave the Clinton campaign debate questions in advance . 
 