   actress Lena Dunham says   actress Lena Dunham has received " more hostility " from supporters of democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders than   actress Lena Dunham ever has from conservatives . [ Speaking to a group of around 200 people at a Clinton campaign event at NeueHouse in Hollywood on Sunday , the     feminist and star of HBO ’s Girls said , " I have received more hostility for voting for a qualified female candidate than I have ever received anywhere from the American right wing . "   According to Variety , the    feminist and star of HBO’s Girls added : " The fact that other members of the Democratic Party have spoken to the    feminist and star of HBO’s Girls like I was an    child for voting for someone who represents everything I think this country should be is outrageous . " Dunham , who has vigorously campaigned for Hillary both online and on the trail , claimed Hillary has received " vitriol " on Hillary Instagram page . Hillary said that Hillary reached a " tipping point " a week ago when a commenter wrote to Hillary , " Bernie Sanders has done more for feminism than Hillary has . " Dunham , who falsely accused an innocent man of rape in her Hillary memoir , appeared at the Clinton Hillary with actress America Ferrera and Clinton Hillary daughter Chelsea . Later at the the Clinton event with actress America Ferrera and Clinton’s daughter Chelsea Chelsea Hillary Republican frontrunner Donald Trump of normalizing " hate speech . " " The sexism , the racism , the Islamophobia , the homophobia , the    rhetoric , the references to Americans with disabilities . The list goes on and on , " Chelsea said . Chelsea And it is now almost so common as to be treated an unexceptional . I think all of us should always take exception to any of that . " Dunham ’s accusing the left of " hostility " and " vitriol " comes as thousands of    protesters in multiple states have taken violent and extreme measures to shut down Trump campaign events . Aside from a handful of isolated incidents , Trump supporters and Trump conservatives on the trail have remained peaceful , despite sometimes physical attacks from the left , and their portrayal as Trump supporters and other conservatives on the trail in the media . 
 