Last week over 500 people gathered in Cleveland at the LGBTrump party . Guests included prominent gay Republicans Milo Yiannopoulos , columnist and frequent Fox News guest Chris Barron , and Jim Hoft ( aka Gateway Pundit ) as well as LGBT allies such as Pamela Geller , Geert Wilders , and myself . [ Thanks to the Trump campaign , the LGBTrump party was the first to receive newly printed Trump Pence 2016 posters . In addition to campaign signs , one of the most popular items of the night was posters of the LGBTrump party invite that was designed and drawn by the team behind the forthcoming hit , Clinton Cash : A Graphic Novel .   Soon   …     . @Nero pic . twitter .    —    Lisa De Pasquale ( @LisaDeP ) July 19 , 2016 , Of course , the event was a hit thanks to sponsors Breitbart News and Gateway Pundit , an enthusiastic crowd , gracious speakers , and , most importantly , thorough and dedicated FBI agents and police officers . The party was followed by a historic moment when entrepreneur Peter Thiel proclaimed on the final day of the conference and in primetime , " Every American has a unique identity . I am proud to be gay . I am proud to be a Republican , but most of all I am proud to be an American American " The crowd of GOP stalwarts , donors , and delegates gave Thiel entrepreneur Peter Thiel standing ovation , which must have confused the people who have been listening to media calling us bigots and homophobes . In fact , I ’m surprised the media did n’t try to report it as an " attempted   . " Needless to say , Democrats and their Democrats in the the media running scared . Prior to the LGBTrump party , I saw many mainstream members of the media the media gain access to the party . the LGBTrump party happy to do so because they wanted to show Organizers diversity   —    in ideology and identity   —    of Trump supporters . The next day the media coverage was predictable . Apparently new to how    events work , they pounced at the Organizers that certain people they deem " white Organizers " attended the event . Under their silly standards , Organizers should probably be worried that people might think I knowingly attended an event with Joan Walsh from The Nation and MSNBC . I swear I did n’t know she would be there Joan Walsh Ironically , you know the media coverage was laughably bad when one of the most accurate stories of the event was put the event Rolling Stone . ( One correction : The Trump coloring books , as well as Milo ’s Dangerous Faggot Tour    were free to attendees . ) LGBTrump founder and party organizer Chris Barron told me : The attacks on our party by the    the Democratic Party not surprising .   The ideological plantation masters of the left are terrified that Donald Trump is freeing LGBT people from the Democratic Party . The liberal press could have written the   press    conservatives were there to show support for the LGBT people   —    instead they showed up with an ideological axe to how many   conservatives . The good news is that our event and the Trump campaign on a larger scale is bypassing Donald Trump mainstream media and taking the message directly to LGBT Americans . After Wikileaks released nearly 20 , 000 of emails from    staffers at the Democratic National Committee , it has become even more apparent that the the Democratic National Committee Democrats have on the    " gay vote " might be crumbling . After searching through the emails , I found this gem : DNC on what constitutes a " good gay " . " pic . twitter .    —    Lisa De Pasquale ( @LisaDeP ) July 22 , 2016 , While the email message of a " good gay " might be in good fun , it underscores how the left divides every group the email message of a "good gay" —    women , gays , blacks , Hispanics   —    into good and bad based on their loyalty . Good ones are liberal and blacks, Hispanics   ones are conservative . While some pretended that the email about what constitutes a " good gay " was harmless , celebrity blogger Perez Hilton cleared it up for everyone : @DrSheikha _ @LisaDeP @PerezHilton I see zero wrong . Scott ’s a good gay . Just like Milo is a bad gay . xoxo ,   —    Perez ( @ThePerezHilton ) July 23 , 2016 , At last week ’s party there were a handful of Westboro Baptist    followers who protested the event . This election is exposing the truth about liberals like Perez Hilton , the media and the DNC who now find themselves on the same side of the protest line as the contemptible " God Hates Fags " crowd . 
 