New York State GOP Chairmain Ed Cox came out Thursday morning endorsing GOP frontrunner , business mogul , and fellow New Yorker Donald Trump after New York State GOP Chairmain Ed Cox swept New York State in the primary on Tuesday . [ " Donald fellow New Yorker Donald Trump remarkable potential to not only beat Hillary Clinton , but to restore the American dream by jumpstarting our economy and creating jobs , fixing our nation ’s finances and building a strong national defense . " Cox said in a statement regarding the endorsement on Thursday .   " As a newcomer to elected office , Donald Trump fellow New Yorker Donald Trump remarkable political skill that has energized Americans who have felt disenfranchised by a government that has n’t worked for them , " remarkable political skill that has energized Americans Chairman continued " He has a the Chairman of cutting through bureaucratic dysfunction and his message to the Chairman Make America Great Again’ is exactly what we need after two failed terms of President Obama . " Donald Trump released a statement regarding this very important endorsement from the NY chairman the Chairman ’m honored to have Ed ’s endorsement and I look forward to working with him and the entire New Ed’s Republican Party as we head toward victory in November . " In an interview with Breitbart news last week , Breitbart News was very hesitant the Chairman to anyone currently running . " My duty to the state party , to the the entire New York Republican Party to myself as chairman of the state the Chairman , that ’s the most important the state committee planned that from the start , " he told Breitbart News . He the Chairman on to say : the Chairman ’s why the state committee did not endorse anyone at its convention , the state committee n’t even a resolution to endorse anyone the state committee We all had the strategy . We suspected we would end up in this position , working with former We all Patterson We all was then my counterpart as Chair , we decided we would have our primary on the 19th , being the We all state We all the 19th We all With at least a couple weeks run up to that the 19th weeks to run up to it . With only three other smaller primaries in between . Following the release of Donald Trump ’s statement , Carl Paladino , the Trump campaign ’s NY    released a statement : In the wake of Donald Trump ’s complete domination of the recent New York primary , I welcome Donald Trump Republican Party Chairman Ed Cox aboard the Trump train . I look forward New York with Ed in the weeks ahead to Donald Trump our state ’s delegation stands equally as strong for Donald Trump as our voters did on Tuesday . Carl Paladino , who nearly accurately Donald Trump Trump ’s landslide our in New York in an interview with Breitbart news leading up to the primary last week , said , " I think we are going to reach 65 percent . I think he is going to beat my 63 Carl Paladino, who nearly accurately predicted Donald Trump’s landslide victory in New York in an interview with Breitbart news leading up to the primary last week that I polled when I ran against [ Rick ] Lazio . " Read the text of Chairman Ed Cox ’s endorsement of Donald Trump here . 
 Donald Trump’s 