New York Times columnist David Brooks argued that Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz has " dark and satanic tones " and that fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio is starting to adopt on Friday ’s " PBS NewsHour . "   New York Times columnist David Brooks said , " you begin to see little signs of liftoff . Trump ’s sort of    out . Carson ’s collapsing . And Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz is somehow beginning to get some momentum from Iowa and elsewhere . And so people are either mimicking him , which Rubio ’s doing a little , by adopting some of the dark and satanic tones that Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz has , and so   —   . " Brooks added , " Well , if you go to a Cruz   —    if you watch a Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz speech , it ’s like , we ’ve got this enemy , we ’ve got this enemy , we ’re going to stomp on this person , we ’re going to crush that this person we ’re going to destroy that person this person is an ugly world in Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz ’s world . And it ’s combative . It it ’s angry , It it ’s apocalyptic . It Brooks did alter his description of Cruz Brooks " satanic " to " Mephistophelian , maybe . " He then continued , Brooks But it ’s dark , and combative , and , frankly , harsh . It ’s a harsh it —    he gets some jokes Brooks the beginning , but then it ’s just , it have enemies . We ’re in an we situation . We ’re on the we of the abyss . You need a tough guy to beat that back . And that ’s his personality . That is not Marco Rubio ’s personality . He ’s a sunny Marco Rubio’s —    he ’s been running Marco Rubio’s youthful optimism campaign , but he ’s beginning , Marco Rubio’s prevent Cruz from getting liftoff , to mimic sort of that , get a piece of that . I personally think it ’s a mistake , because inauthentic   —    inauthenticity almost never works . And so , if Cruz starts to go Cruz   —    I mean , if Rubio starts to go like Cruz , he just Cruz n’t Rubio like himself , and that Rubio people . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 