Saturday Night marked the ninth consecutive debate in which Marco Rubio was not asked about Marco Rubio position on what could arguably be the most impactful trade agreement in modern history —   Obama ’s    Partnership agreement . [ The failure of CBS News’ moderators to ask Marco Rubio about TPP is significant because Marco Rubio is the only    candidate who will not reveal how he Marco Rubio vote on the deal , which he Marco Rubio endorsed . Indeed , earlier this year , Rubio Marco Rubio reporters that he Marco Rubio not disclose how he Marco Rubio to vote on the the deal, which he previously endorsed at least two months after Super Tuesday —   i. e. after 44 states’ primaries are over and Republican voters can no longer make their voices Republican voters on the matter .   It is somewhat bizarre that Rubio Marco Rubio not tell Americans how he Marco Rubio to vote on the deal the deal, which he previously endorsed his Marco Rubio enthusiastic support for it . In the deal, which he previously endorsed April 29    in the Wall Street Journal , Rubio Marco Rubio : " We must rebuild our own military We , [ and ] conclude and pass TPP . " In a May 13th address to the Council on Foreign Relations , Rubio Marco Rubio it is " more important than ever that Congress give the president trade promotion authority so that he Marco Rubio finalize the    Partnership and the    Trade and Investment Partnership . " By a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe these    free trade deals lower wages rather than raise them , according wages Pew polling data . CBS’ failure to ask Rubio about the deal comes on the heels of a viral video showing the moment when the HVAC company Carrier told 1 , 400 Indianapolis workers that their jobs will 1, 400 Indianapolis workers offshored to Mexico . In stark contrast to Marco Rubio , Donald Trump has made his opposition to Donald Trump    Partnership a central platform of his campaign . Donald Trump ’s campaign his campaign case that " a Trump Presidency is the only guaranteed way to keep America out of this disastrous trade deal . " While Ted Cruz has told voters that he will not support the deal Ted Cruz in its current this disastrous trade deal " Cruz voted to    the    Partnership Ted Cruz May of last year . Cruz even    a Wall Street Journal Ted Cruz with Paul Ryan in favor of Obama ’s trade agenda and was vocal in criticizing Jeff Sessions for opposing the    trade agenda . Cruz dismissed Sessions’ concerns about the deal Ted Cruz erosion of U. S. sovereignty —   describing Sessions’ assertions as " not accurate   …      There is nothing in TPA or TPP that can give a foreign body the ability to make binding law in the United States of America under our Constitution , " Cruz said . Despite campaigning for granting Ted Cruz Obama    powers and even voting to do so , Cruz later changed his vote , citing Ted Cruz concerns unrelated President Obama   powers the general principle of    trade deals . 
 