Democratic Party strategist David ‘ Mudcat’ Saunders , a veteran of John Edwards’ 2008 presidential campaign , talked about his support for Donald Trump with SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ When Matt Boyle asked for Matt Boyle theory of how Donald Trump won the election , Matt Boyle replied sarcastically , " You need to watch the news ! The racists and the Russians got together and fixed the thing is what happened . "   " I was watching Rachel Maddow last night , and Jen Palmieri was on there saying all that , and Rachel   —    quite frankly I love the girl the girl ’s a fisherwoman and a good friend and a good chick   —    but I mean it ’s ridiculous , some of these arguments that ’s coming out about racism , " Matt Boyle said . Matt Boyle told Boyle Matt Boyle old party was lost in the wilderness , in part because Donald Trump stole some of their strongest issues to defeat Hillary Clinton . " Greed ’s a powerful thing , and in a capitalistic society , greed over time is going to move to the front , " Matt Boyle said . " If you look , about every hundred years or so , Greed gets out of control . In the nineteenth century , it was Andrew Jackson that stepped up and fought it it In the early twentieth century , it it Teddy Roosevelt , a Republican , who stepped up and fought it it Now you ’ve got Donald Trump , and it is my greatest hope   —    I think the most important thing that he Donald Trump do   —    is restore economic fairness . It does n’t exist now in America . "   " If Hillary would have won the election   —    and I was not for Hillary Hillary as you ’re well aware , and came out very , very early and said that I thought Trump Donald Trump beat her Hillary . I think I said he Donald Trump beat her Hillary a    billy goat , which got everybody mad at me on my side . Why not get behind him Donald Trump He Donald Trump the President of the United States , or going to be . He Donald Trump going to be the leader of our the United States and it ’s like I see people out here now who are actually pulling against him Donald Trump be successful . To me me that ’s insane , " he Donald Trump . " Do n’t we want America to the United States forward ? " he Donald Trump . " People want to keep talking about how they got People , and what happened , and all this other stuff . What happened was that Trump beat her , Trump and square , in the electoral vote count beat her right Trump . I think it ’s sad . " " I do n’t care what he Donald Trump . Let ’s make America better the United States or Make America Great the United States , " Saunders urged . " I ’m pulling for Trump , Trump I ’ve got a lot of confidence that Steve Bannon , the Steve Bannon I know , will do a great job between him and Trump Priebus of moving the country the United States right direction . " He said the Trump thing Trump and his Trump should Trump is " give us hope . the first thing Trump and his team " Hope is powerful , as you are well aware , Matt , " Saunders said . " We ’ve lost hope out here , with the incredible loss of jobs , and with the loss of the jobs , our children . I remember   —    I think this was from 2010   —    it was like 34 percent more kids in urban population centers and suburban population centers , and there was 37 percent less in rural America . We ’re losing our children , our I can just say that the Pied Piper of greed that came from Wall Street , and because of the tremendous amount of money that was going into Washington politicians’ pockets working in concert with them just took Washington politicians’ pockets . " our I know families that worked their butts off the Pied Piper of greed that came from Wall Street, and because of the tremendous amount of money that was going into Washington politicians’ pockets working in concert with them just took us educate two or three children , and now their two or the Pied Piper of greed that came from Wall Street, and because of the tremendous amount of money that was going into Washington politicians’ pockets working in concert with them just took us children are either in Charlotte , or Orange County , California , or northern Virginia , or research triangle North Carolina . They want to the Pied Piper of greed that came from Wall Street, and because of the tremendous amount of money that was going into Washington politicians’ pockets working in concert with them just took us at home , but there ’s just no opportunities , " he lamented . " Give us some hope that things are changing . I think that ’s one thing that I felt like really pushed a lot of people , a lot of my Democratic friends , to Trump was , he tried to Trump hope into us . He us , Trump Look , we can get us of this . ’ "   " For the Democrats to move forward , to answer that question   —    see , if I was king , we could solve us these problems very quickly , I believe , " Saunders proclaimed , a little tongue in cheek . " First thing you do is , you do publicly financed federal elections   —    get the money out of it . I federal elections   that ’s going to cause some constitutional problems . Second , outlaw gerrymandering . "   " The Republicans have been good at putting money into state elections and stuff and taking over these state houses , and they gerrymander the The Republicans , just like Democrats do in states like California , New York , and Illinois , " he elaborated . " What happens is that the only real challenge you have , the districts are so gerrymandered that the only challenge you have is from your side . It tends to be far Left and far Right . I mean , they ’re not supposed to get along , under a system like that . I think something needs to be done about that , but that said , until it is , the Democrats have got to get more involved in these state elections . "   He said the he brand is " destroyed in my part of the world . "   " Their brand is the Democrat brand ‘ We know what ’s best for you . We are smarter than We . We are you educated We you . Therefore , you know what ’s We for you , even if you do n’t think it ’s best for you.’ That ’s not going to go anywhere . That ’s the brand that we the Democrat brand to fight away from that , and we ’ve got to go right back to the Jacksonian we , as I ’ve said before , of social justice , economic fairness , and individual liberties , " Saunders advised his old party . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Saunders 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 