Ricky Gervais stole the show as host of the 73rd annual Golden Globe Awards Sunday night , mixing Ricky Gervais signature brand of politically incorrect humor with some sharp barbs aimed at Hollywood ’s best and brightest . [ This year ’s ceremony featured a number of big upsets Gael Garcia Bernal ( Mozart in the Jungle ) beat out Jeffery Tambor ( Transparent ) for Best Actor in a TV Comedy or Musical , and Mr. Robot won Best TV Drama , beating out perennial favorite Game of Thrones . In a bit of a controversial move , The Martian was entered and won the Best Motion Picture Comedy category ( " To be fair , The Martian The Martian a lot funnier than Pixels . But then again , so was Schindler ’s List , " Gervais quipped ) .   But apart from those upsets , everything pretty much went as planned Leonardo DiCaprio won Best Actor for The Revenant , and Brie Larson won Best Actress for Room ( both are favored to repeat the win at next month ’s Oscars ) . Jennifer Lawrence picked up Best Best Actress a Comedy or Musical for Joy , and Matt Damon won the same award for The Martian . In a sweet moment , Sylvester Stallone got a warm standing ovation when he picked Sylvester Stallone    ever Golden Globe , Best Supporting Actor for Creed . On the TV side , Jon Hamm earned his second Jon Hamm Actor Golden Globe for Mad Men , while Empire‘s Taraji P. Henson took home Best Actress . Christian Slater ( Mr. Robot ) and Maura Tierney ( The Affair ) won the supporting actors’ categories and Oscar Isaac delivered a win for HBO ’s miniseries Show Me a Hero . Below , check out some of the highlights ( and lowlights ) from Sunday night ’s show . 1 . Ricky Gervais ’s monologue , Gervais did Ricky Gervais let anyone off the hook in his opening Ricky Gervais Jennifer Lawrence , Sean Penn , Roman Polanski , Bruce Jenner , and Jeffery Tambor all got roasted in the evening ’s first few minutes . " You disgusting ,    sexual deviant scum , " the comedian began . " I ’m going to do this monologue and then go into hiding . Not even Sean Penn will find me   …      snitch . " Some of Gervais ’s sharpest lines : " I ’m going to be nice tonight . I ’ve changed not as much as Bruce Jenner Bruce Jenner . Now Caitlyn Jenner , Bruce Jenner . What a year she ’s had ! Gervais became a role Gervais for trans people everywhere , showing great bravery in breaking down barriers and destroying stereotypes . She did n’t do Gervais lot for women drivers . But you ca n’t have everything , can you ? Not at the same time . " " Jennifer Lawrence made the news when she demanded equal pay Jennifer Lawrence women in Hollywood . She received overwhelming support Jennifer Lawrence people everywhere . There were marches on the street with nurses and factory workers saying , ‘ How the hell can a     live on $ 52 million ? ! ’ " "   remakes are the big thing . There ’s a female remake of Ghostbusters . There ’s going to be a female remake of Ocean ’s 11 . And this is brilliant for the studios because they get guaranteed box the studios results and they do n’t have the studios spend too much money on the cast . " But the best part of Gervais ’s speech was when he said exactly what Gervais viewers watching at home were thinking : " Remember if you do win tonight , no one cares about that award as much as you do . Do n’t get emotional , it ’s embarrassing . that award award is , that award , worthless . " 2 . Jamie Foxx Makes Fun of Steve Harvey , After reading the nominees for Best Original Score , Jamie Foxx announced Straight Outta Jamie Foxx the winner . There was just one problem : it was n’t nominated . Salute Jamie Foxx # GoldenGlobes pic . twitter .    —    Nigel Int’l D. ( @Nigel_D ) January 11 , 2016 ,   " I ’m sorry , folks , I made a mistake , " Foxx joked in a parody of Jamie Foxx ’s    Miss Universe blunder . Funny stuff . 3 . Quentin Tarantino Makes Ennio Morricone ’s Original Score Win All About Himself , and Falsely Says the Quentin Tarantino Has Never Won an American Award . Also causes an uproar by using the word " ghetto . " Ennio Morricone won the Best Original Score Golden Globe for The Hateful Eight . Accepting on his behalf was Quentin Tarantino , Ennio Morricone boasted of Tarantino just one but two Ennio Morricone , for 1986 ’s The Mission and 1998 ’s The Legend of 100 . Twitter users were quick to call him out . Also , Tarantino caused a    when he said that Morricone was the    composer , and not just The Legend of 100 the " ghetto " of movie composition . Tarantino Tarantino to say " niche , " but the word caused an audible gasp in the room . Jamie Foxx was Tarantino amused . 4 . The Revenant Wins Big , DiCaprio ’s win for Best Actor makes him the    favorite to repeat at next month ’s Academy Awards . Credit Leo for steering clear of the global warming hysteria in his acceptance speech , save for a vague reference to saving the planet for future generations in the closing moments . Most Credit Leo expected Spotlight to grab the award for Best Motion Picture Drama , but there was The Revenant to steal it away in the evening ’s closing moments . Alejandro Inarritu also won Best Director for the film , and surprise surprise The Revenant no politics this time , a refreshing development . Spotlight , the    film about The Revenant Globe‘s investigation into the Catholic Church sex scandal , failed to take home any awards . 5 . NBC Censors the Good Stuff , One of the best segments of the night came when Gervais introduced Mel Gibson as a presenter , after having infamously trashed him during the 2010 Globes . " Listen , I ’m sure it ’s embarrassing for both of us , " Gervais said Mel Gibson " I blame NBC for this terrible situation . Mel blames   …      we know who Mel blames . Gervais , I still feel a bit bad for it . Mel ’s forgotten all about it us   — Mel that ’s what drinking does . I want to say something nice about Mel before he comes out , so : I ’d rather have a drink with him in his hotel room tonight than with Mel Cosby Mel " Gibson was apparently not amused , telling Gervais he would put Mel to Mel " in another way . " So Gervais came back out and said something to Gibson before Gibson left the Gibson , but the censors were all over it and Gervais it out . Viewers at home were Gibson tantalized Gibson what they could n’t hear , particularly after the camera the censors over to the censors Cumming , who looked like he ’d never heard anything Viewers at home offensive in his entire life . The ballroom ’s reaction when @rickygervais is on stage # GoldenGlobes Gibson pic . twitter .    —    Gibson Globe Awards ( @goldenglobes ) January 11 , 2016 ,   After much speculation , the offending Twitter What the f —   k does    even mean ? ! " Mark Wahlberg , Amy Schumer , and Jonah Hill also drew the wrath of the sensors over the course of the night . Twitter was annoyed . 6 . Stallone Gets a Standing O ( and Takes Heat for Failing to Thank Black   ) Sylvester Stallone won his first Golden Globe for his supporting role in this summer ’s Creed and got a really nice standing ovation from everyone Stallone . The Stallone moment was    as Stallone actor apparently forgot to thank    Michael B. Jordan and director Ryan Coogler during his acceptance speech . Stallone reportedly returned to the stage after the broadcast cut to commercial and thanked both Jordan and Coogler . Not to worry Michael B. Jordan though : Selma director Ava DuVernay and others were there to remind everyone what happened . 7 . Gervais Again ( Because He Really Was the Best Part of This Whole Thing ) Gervais really saved the night with his brief    appearances after the opening monologue . Gervais comedian introduced Matt Damon as " the only person Ben Gervais has n’t been unfaithful to Gervais " and Eva Longoria and America Ferrara as " two people who your future president , Donald Trump , ca n’t wait to deport . " At one point , the broadcast resumed after a lengthy commercial break to see the visibly annoyed Gervais standing forlornly at the podium : " Kill me , " he deadpanned . And Gervais could n’t resist Gervais in as Gervais credits rolled : " From myself and Mel Gibson , Shalom Gervais " Here is Gervais complete list of the Golden Globes winners : Best Motion Picture , Drama : Gibson , Best Actor in a Motion Picture , Drama : Leonardo DiCaprio , The Revenant , Best Actress in a Motion Picture , Drama : Brie Brie Larson Room , Best Motion Picture , Comedy : The Martian , Best Actress in a Motion Picture , Musical or Comedy : Jennifer Lawrence , Joy , Jennifer Lawrence in a TV Series , Drama : Taraji P. Henson , Empire , Best Director , Motion Picture : Alejandro González Iñárritu , The Revenant , Best TV Series , Drama : Mr. Robot , USA Network , Best Original Song , Motion Picture : " Writing ’s on the Wall , " Spectre , Best Actress in a    or TV Movie : Lady Gaga , American Horror Story : Hotel , Best Foreign Language Film : Son of Saul , Hungary , Best Actor in a TV Series , Comedy : Gael García Bernal , Mozart in the Jungle , Best Screenplay , Motion Picture : Aaron Sorkin , Steve Jobs , Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture : Sylvester Stallone , Creed , Best Animated Feature Film : Inside Out , Best Actor in a Motion Picture , Musical or Comedy : Matt Damon , The Martian , Best Actor in a TV Series , Drama : Jon Hamm , Mad Men , Best Supporting Actor in a Series ,    or TV Movie : Christian Slater , Mr. Robot , Best Actor in a    or TV Movie : Oscar Isaac , Show Me a Hero , Best TV Movie or   : Wolf Hall , PBS , Best TV Series , Musical or Comedy : Mozart in the Jungle , Amazon Video , Best Supporting Actress in a Series ,    or TV Movie : Maura Tierney , The Affair , Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture : Kate Winslet , Steve Jobs , Cecil B. DeMille Award : Denzel Washington 
 