When it comes to defeating Democrats , I have only one guiding principle : defeat Democrats . In 2012 , Team Obama accused Mitt Romney of murder and of not paying Mitt Romney taxes for ten years , and the DC Media let his taxes . I do wish the world was a just and fair place , but the world is not , and unless you want all the income you generate from being forced to bake    cakes to fund    abortions , we must defeat Democrats .   Other than his promise to build a wall along our southern border , his zeal for killing terrorists , and a lifelong dedication to sticking up for a working class decimated by obscene trade deals and illegal immigration , Trump ’s ability to control the media narrative , stay on offense , and dodge the    our corrupt media loves to lay out for Republicans , is why a large number of Republicans believe his can win a general election . Any objective person has to marvel and admire Trump’s ’s style . We ’re used to Trump’s by now and that unfairly diminishes Trump’s accomplishment . A man who has never run for any kind of political office is currently on track to become the Republican nominee for the American presidency . And A man who has never run for any kind of political office did not do this among a weak field . There is a reason why Hollywood ’s annual Everyday Guy Becomes President movies   are not very good . President movies   are so   . But here we are . Trump ’s political skills are undeniable , as is the case for A man who has never run for any kind of political office ability to defeat to Hillary Clinton . By successfully prosecuting Bill Clinton ’s disgraceful past with women , Trump’s defied a media that has   protected the Clintons for a quarter century . To Trump’s great credit , Trump’s has already proven Trump’s will do something the Republican Establishment never does : Hit Democrats as hard as Trump’s does Republicans . And in a world where the media allows Obama to accuse others of murder , this is the only way we can win . All good . Until yesterday . With Trump’s      press conference after Super Tuesday , Trump signaled , wisely , that Trump’s is preparing to pivot towards   a general election , away from the     brawler that has gotten Trump’s this far , and present Trump’s as a man worthy of assuming the leadership of one of America ’s two leading political parties . Trump ’s impeccable instincts correctly informed Trump that if Trump wants to be president , Trump must appear presidential . All the exhausting drama and    and controversy must come to an end , or at least be turned down from an 11 to a 6 . What is disturbing is how easily Trump was knocked off Trump game plan Thursday . I ’m not talking about Trump brawling at last night ’s debate . When you have Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio and Rubio ’s super PAC at Fox News    at you , a man ’s got ta do what a man ’s got ta do . The problem is the vulgarity . Mitt Romney ’s disgraceful speech Thursday was nothing short of something slow and down the middle for Trump . And for the most part Trump rebuttal was   superb , a master class in how to defend yourself without sounding defensive . Obviously angered by the attacks , though , for just a single moment Trump Trump sight of his Trump to look like a president and dropped this : " I backed him Trump " Trump Trump , adding he Trump robo calls for Romney during his Romney . " He Romney begging for my endorsement . " " He Romney have dropped to his Romney , " Trump Trump , if Trump Trump told Romney Romney drop to his his knees Naturally , this decidedly    moment was the story coming out of an otherwise effective campaign rally . Then , just a few hours later on a national debate stage , this happened : I have to say this : he Romney my hands . Nobody has ever hit my hands my hands have never heard of this . this at those hands . my hands hands up ] Are they small hands ? [ Laughter ] And he Romney to my hands   —    if they are small , something else must be small . I guarantee you , there is no problem . I guarantee you . Here are this morning ’s headlines . Winning the presidency requires    especially in a general election . From where I sit , Trump has exposed an Achille ’s heel , one that shows he can be goaded Trump saying something potentially explosive and disqualifying that distracts from the rest of his message , and Trump    ammunition to his political and media Trump . My wife , who has the best instincts of anyone I know , and who is nothing close to a    told me this morning : " What if he ’s president and Trump foreign leader goads him this way ? Trump ’m not saying he will launch a Trump , but you have to have total self discipline as president . I ’m worried about his ’m . " Trump with these petulant vulgarities   Trump is working a bigger strategy , something so brilliant only dogs can hear it , but from these petulant vulgarities   it looked like   these petulant vulgarities      if you ’ll pardon the expression   —    when the pressure was on , The Donald choked .      Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 