South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley delivered the official response to President Barack Obama ’s State of the Union address on Tuesday evening . [ Beltway Republicans praised South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley speech —   Charles Krauthammer called it " the best written and best delivered answer to a State of the Union I have ever heard " —   but that was , in a sense , because Charles Krauthammer was speaking for them , distinguishing them from Donald Trump .   There were five major failures in Haley ’s response . 1 . Ignoring Obama . Haley offered no actual response to what Obama had said in Haley State of the Union address , and few direct criticisms of Haley policies . Haley began , in fact , by praising Haley : " President Obama eloquently about grand things . He ’s Obama his best Obama he does Obama . " Haley did note that he was Obama unwilling or unable " to confront terror . But the other contrasts Haley drew between Obama and Obama were abstract and muted . 2 . Attacking Republicans . Haley ’s main goal , bizarrely , was to criticize Haley own party . "   …     [ W]hile Democrats in Washington bear much responsibility for the problems facing America today , they do W]hile Democrats in Washington bear it alone . There is more than enough blame to go around . We as Republicans need to own that truth . " Haley spoke these words over two minutes into Haley speech —   before saying anything about what Republicans actually offered in contrast to Obama . 3 . Attacking Trump . Haley hit Trump ’s Trump line on immigrants , Muslim immigrants in particular . " During anxious times , it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices . We must resist that temptation . " She said Haley should We " properly vetted legal immigrants , regardless of their race legal immigrants religion . " She did Haley explain how to vet them — legal immigrants an glaring oversight after San Bernardino that is the reason Trump ’s policy has popular appeal .   5 . Ignoring social issues . Haley completely ignored the issue of abortion , despite lingering public outrage over the Planned Parenthood videos . She did Haley defend traditional marriage , referring only to " respect for religious liberty . " She mentioned Haley Second Amendment , but did not spell out clearly what it meant the Second Amendment These might not be important issues inside the Beltway , but they are These to many Americans , who were voiceless on Tuesday evening .  
 