UPDATES:[Photos , videos , and new developments :   Someone fired shots at Milwaukee Police Department headquarters today . . @MilwaukeePolice have covered the windows at District 7 . MPD : shots were fired at the building today . # Milwaukee pic . twitter .    —    Theo Keith ( @TheoKeith ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Revealed : the name of the man fatally shot before the riots   —    and the ethnicity of the officer . UPDATE : # Milwaukee chief says the officer is also blackhttps :   .   pic . twitter .    —    10News WTSP ( @10NewsWTSP ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Governor Scott Walker declares a State of Emergency in Milwaukee County and deploys the National Guard .    Milwauke Police Association strongly rejects a Black Lives    angle in their response to last night ’s chaos . " Our ranks are broad and diverse derived from all God ’s children   …      Leadership must denounce riotous behavior ! " Milwaukee Police Association with a    statement on overnight violence : pic . twitter .    —    Evan McMurry ( @evanmcmurry ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Sheriff Clarke requests National Guard mobilization . Sheriff David Clarke requests National Guard mobilization in Sheriff Clarke :   . National Guard . twitter .    —    TODAY ’S TMJ4 ( @tmj4 ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Trump will campaign in the area Tuesday . Breitbart ’s Neil McCabe reports : Donald J. Trump rallies supporters in the Milwaukee suburb of West Trump Tuesday , two days Milwaukee protesters unleashed a wave of angry mobs , Tuesday and arson upon the state ’s largest city , which sits 90 miles due north from Chicago on Lake Michigan ’s west coast . This video of a young man explaining the cause has been making the rounds : They always find " this dude " to put on camera   # This video of a young man explaining the cause pic . twitter .    —    ITSBIZKIT ( @itsbizkit ) August 14 , 2016 ,   A bystander offers some colorful commentary at a business being looted ( NSFW language ) : People are breaking into gas station after 23 year old male was shot and killed by # mpd officer . 😔   # milwaukee pic . twitter .    —    ITSBIZKIT ( @itsbizkit ) August 14 , 2016 ,   More footage from # Milwaukee tonight . A gas station was burned down in response to the milwaukee of another Blk man pic . twitter .    —    Tariq Nasheed ( @tariqnasheed ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Gas station at Sherman and Burleigh set on fire . MFD can not extinguish fire as gunshots are being fired .   —    Milwaukee Police ( @MilwaukeePolice ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Police stand by as car burns . Was told it ’s not safe for firefighters due 2      https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Mike De Sisti ( @mdesisti ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Our reporters were chased , one was thrown to the ground and beaten , but they ’re all out and safe . Our coverage : https :   Our reporters    —    Journal Sentinel ( Our ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Shots fired right in front of our car . Gunman ran by us while shooting . We ’re ok Our Sherman and Burleigh is mayhem Our no control @WISN12News Our   —    Ben Hutchison ( @BennyHutch ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Crowd breaks widows of unoccupied squad near Sherman and Auer . Other squad set afire and broken windows on another . pic . twitter .    —    Milwaukee Police ( @MilwaukeePolice ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Violence erupts after    shooting https :   .   via @journalsentinel @aluthern # milwaukee pic . twitter .    —    Mark Hoffman ( @MJSphotog ) August 14 , 2016 ,   * * * Late on Saturday afternoon police in Milwaukee , Wisconsin shot an armed suspect fleeing from a car on the milwaukee ’s North Side . Not long after the shooting a large group of residents initiated a confrontation with police that included at least one squad car being burned . A gas station and other autos were also torched . The    shooting occurred at around 3:30 PM and involved two MPD officers who had stopped a car near the 3200 block of N. 44th Street . The two suspects inside fled on foot with the officers giving chase . In short order one of the suspects pointed two MPD officers who had stopped a car near the 3200 block of N. 44th Street the officers and was killed , according to CBS The two suspects inside the hours after the shooting two MPD officers who had stopped a car near the 3200 block of N. 44th Street residents in the mostly    neighborhood gathered near the crime scene and soon began taunting police officers investigating the incident . The taunting continued for some time and then turned violent , with police cars being swarmed and pelted with bricks and rocks as a    riot broke out . Some 100 protesters engaged in a standoff with police , some of whom had responded in riot gear . As the riot grew in intensity cop cars were stoned and one set aflame . The conflagration grew from a   riot other cars being set on fire . A local gas station also became engulfed in flames . The MPD said that someone in the crowd began firing shots , perhaps in the air , according to the Milwaukee Sentinel . There have yet to be reports of anyone being hit by gunfire . Police also reported on Twitter that Milwaukee fire fighters were kept from extinguishing the flames because shots were being fired by some of the rioters . Gas station at Sherman and Burleigh flames fire . MFD can not extinguish fire as gunshots are being fired .   —    Milwaukee Police ( @MilwaukeePolice ) August 14 , 2016 , Officials added that thus far one officer was injured by a brick thrown through the windshield of his squad car . MPD officer undergoing treatment at local hospital after brick thrown through squad window , striking officer one officer the head .   —    Milwaukee Police ( @MilwaukeePolice ) August 14 , 2016 , Milwaukee Police Assistant Chief Bill Jessup told the media on Saturday evening that the     man shot earlier in the day had a lengthy police record . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 