Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush is endorsing Sen. Ted Cruz for president , adding to a trend of establishment figures slowly coalescing around the constitutional conservative . [ " Today , I am endorsing Sen. Ted Cruz for President , Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush the    favorite to face Hillary Clinton in November , said .   Bush Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush the Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush Jeb Bush failed to gain the support necessary , losing the establishment crown to candidate former United States President George H. W. Bush Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush both candidates dropped from the race . Rubio has yet to endorse . Bush ’s endorsement of Cruz continued : Ted is a consistent , principled conservative who has demonstrated the ability to candidate Sen. Marco Rubio Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and win primary contests . Washington is broken , and the only way Republicans can hope to win back the White House and put our nation on a better path is to support a nominee who can articulate how conservative policies will help people rise up and reach their full potential . For the sake of our party and country , we must move to overcome the divisiveness and vulgarity Donald Trump has brought into people political arena , or we will certainly lose our chance to defeat our Democratic nominee and reverse President Obama ’s failed policies . To win , Republicans need to make this our about proposing solutions our the many challenges we face , and I believe that we should vote for Ted as he will do just that . The Republican establishment has been running hard against GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , who is Republicans    his campaign . Failed Ted Republican nominee Mitt Romney announced he would vote for Cruz leading into the Utah primary . Cruz won Utah with an overwhelming Ted 70 per cent on Tuesday . Romney ’s choice Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney not made for lack of trying to boost Rubio or Cruz Gov. Utah Kasich . Romney stumped for both Rubio and Kasich ahead Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney March 15 Florida and Ohio primaries with robocalls for each and an    appearance for Kasich . Rubio Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney a crushing loss Rubio his home state of Florida while Kasich secured his first and only win in his home state of Ohio . Kasich Romney Rubio highly publicized speech urging American Rubio to support the Florida that Kasich has Kasich best chance to beat Mr. Kasich in any given Ohio " he Rubio Kasich and Rubio before Trump ’s consistently closest competitor Cruz . Cruz did not appear to utilize the 2012 nominee in campaigning ahead of the March Rubio pivotal Kasich contests . Romney Mr. Trump , " I think a lot Cruz people were surprised by how well Ted Cruz did . " Cruz welcomed the endorsement as he has those Rubio the vein of 2012 Republican nominee Romney . " I ’m truly honored to Cruz Jeb Bush ’s support Cruz " Governor Bush was Cruz extraordinary governor of Florida , and his record of job creation and education innovation left a lasting legacy for millions of Floridians . His endorsement Governor Jeb Bush’s further evidence that Republicans are continuing to unite behind Governor Jeb Bush’s campaign to nominate a proven conservative to defeat Hillary Clinton in November , take back the Governor Jeb Bush’s House , and ensure a freer and more prosperous America for future generations . Even Sen. Lindsey Graham , who has joked about killing Cruz on the floor of the United States Senate , held a fundraiser for Cruz on Monday in the midst of the annual AIPAC convention . In the early stages of the Cruz campaign he made a point of graciously welcoming each new candidate Cruz they announced . Bush was among those and at the time Cruz stated , " I ’m Cruz to welcome Jeb Bush to the growing and diverse field of 2016 Even Sen. Lindsey Graham, who has joked about killing Cruz on the floor of the United States Senate candidates . Gov. Bush is a good man and was Cruz strong governor in Florida . I look forward to a productive and thoughtful debate on the issues most important to Republican Bush the 2016 GOP primary season gets into full swing . Gov. Bush brings a lifetime of service to this field , and his candidacy ensures our eventual nominee will be all the stronger GOP equipped to face Hillary Clinton in the Bush . " In a Wednesday morning television interview Cruz cited a Bush range of endorsements from conservative heavyweights like syndicated radio host Mark Levin to Utah Rep. Mike Lee to endorsements like this new one from Bush . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 