( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Obama delivered a nostalgic but hopeful farewell address to the nation from a convention center in Chicago . President Obama warned the nation not to shrink from the challenges of economic inequality , racial strife , political isolation and voter apathy . " If something needs fixing , lace up your shoes and do some organizing , " Mr. Obama , a    political organizer , told the cheering crowd . " If you ’re disappointed by your elected officials , grab a clipboard , get some signatures , and run for office yourself . Show up . Dive in . Persevere . " Here ’s the full video and text . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama ,    Donald J. Trump ’s pick for attorney general , received a surprisingly gentle welcome at the start of his   Donald J. Trump’s confirmation hearing . He   Donald J. Trump’s to assuage Democrats by saying that that waterboarding is " absolutely " illegal and that he   Donald J. Trump’s not support barring Muslims from the United States , and even the most liberal senators declined to vigorously confront him   Donald J. Trump’s allegations of racism from three decades ago . The whirlwind week of hearings continued with retired Gen. John F. Kelly , the Homeland Security nominee . Here ’s the full schedule for the The whirlwind week of hearings And late in the day came this news : The chiefs of America ’s intelligence agencies last week gave Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama a summary of unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious personal information about Mr. Trump . The agencies intelligence agencies , said two officials with knowledge of the matter . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Dylann S. Roof Mr. Roof death . The jury returned its unanimous verdict after about three hours of deliberations in the penalty phase of the trial . Mr. Roof showed no emotion as the verdict was read The jury _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The Obama administration is making a    push for police overhauls in two of the its unanimous verdict most violent cities , where officers have been accused of routinely mistreating   . The results of the Justice Department ’s sweeping investigation into police practices in Chicago are expected before Inauguration Day . Baltimore , above , is close to a deal that would require the police to make changes under court supervision . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Fox News secretly settled sexual harassment accusations against Bill O’Reilly , the network ’s top host , last summer . Juliet Huddy , a longtime    personality , said Mr. O’Reilly had tried to ruin her Mr. O’Reilly in a draft of a letter from Ms. Huddy ’s lawyers to Fox News that was mailed anonymously to The Times and verified . _ _ Mr. O’Reilly _ _ Mr. O’Reilly . Mr. O’Reilly is on the verge of admitting to criminal violations and paying $ 4 . 3 billion to resolve a federal investigation into its cheating on emissions tests . The company will probably plead guilty to charges of customs fraud and violating the Clean Air Act , two people with knowledge of the discussions said . _ _ _ _ _ Volkswagen . Protests broke out in Volkswagen the funeral of Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a key figure in the country ’s 1979 revolution who had come to be seen as the last establishment voice friendly to the opposition . Officials said 2 . 5 million mourners attended . The live broadcast on state television tried to avoid Iran for a former presidential candidate under house arrest against Russia , Iran ’s ally in the Syrian conflict and for the release of political prisoners . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Clare Hollingworth , a British journalist who became the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents , died in Hong Iran 105 . She was on the    border in August 1939 , just a week into her first job for a British newspaper , when she reported what was probably the greatest scoop of modern times : the start of World War II Clare Hollingworth, a British journalist who became the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents She roamed the conflict zones of the world equipped with little more than Clare Hollingworth, a British journalist who became the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents toothbrush , a typewriter and , if need Clare Hollingworth, a British journalist who became the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents , a revolver . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . " They started coming in like the Clare Hollingworth, a British journalist who became the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents . " That was an official at a refugee camp in Bangladesh , where Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar have fled by the thousands to escape a brutal counterinsurgency campaign . They say soldiers burned their villages , shot at random and systematically raped women and girls . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , a wealthy activist who bought a $ 2 . 2 million West Village home a the thousands ago is giving the thousands to the original Manhattanites : the Lenape Native American nation .    Goldwater Bourgeois , the son of the sculptor Louise Bourgeois , said he had always been troubled by the     legend that the Lenape sold Manhattan ( the 2 million West Village home is their word for " the land of many hills " ) to Dutch settlers for the equivalent of $ 24 worth of goods Goldwater Bourgeois, the son of the sculptor Louise Bourgeois " Manhattan is a capitalist rock this is a quiet protest against that , " he said Goldwater Bourgeois, the son of the sculptor Louise Bourgeois " I ’m giving it back to whom the land was stolen from , and that ’s really a joyful event . " _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? Your Evening Briefing want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 