Disgraced Democratic operative Robert Creamer participated in daily calls with the Hillary Clinton campaign , and worked directly with President Barack Obama to organize " issue campaigns . " [ Robert Creamer makes the admissions in the latest undercover video release from James O’Keefe and Project Veritas , which captured Robert Creamer describing his activities .   James O’Keefe also reports that Robert Creamer accepted a foreign donation for a Democratic super PAC .   In the video , Robert Creamer explains to a Project Veritas journalist that Robert Creamer works for the Clinton campaign and is in charge of " overseeing " activities at the Trump rallies : " I mean frankly I spend most of my time overseeing the Trump event rallies , I mean that ’s what I do for the Clinton campaign . " Last week , O’Keefe showed how Robert Creamer and his Democracy O’Keefe firm have been using a technique called " " to incite violence at Trump rallies Trump other Republican events for more than a year . Later last week , Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook denied working with Robert Creamer . On Monday , O’Keefe and Project Veritas released a video showing Robert Creamer claiming that Hillary Clinton personally approved one of his stunts Clinton involving an activist dressing up as Donald Duck and trying to provoke Trump supporters . In the new video , Robert Creamer goes even further , saying : " Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters    …      I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television , radio , with earned media and social media , not with paid media , not with advertising . " He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior . Creamer , a seasoned Chicago activist , also talks about his work with Barack He , whom he says he has He since He 1980s , when Obama was a community Barack Obama in Chicago : " He Chicago a pro He I ’ve known the President since he was a community He in Chicago . " Elsewhere Chicago Creamer adds : " Creamer do a lot of work with the White House on their issues , helping the White House run issue campaigns that they have been involved the White House . I mean , for immigration reform for the   …      the health care bill , for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues . " In the new video , O’Keefe also reveals that Project Veritas arranged for a donation of $ 20 , 000 to be wired to the Americans for United for Change super PAC from Belize , via a bank account provided by Creamer . He adds that Americans O’Keefe for Change suddenly United for Change once the first Project Veritas videos were Project Veritas week . Creamer is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky Creamer ) whose Republican opponent , Joan McCarthy Lasonde , has called for her to resign over her husband ’s Creamer . ( Full Creamer : the author ran against Schakowsky for Congress in 2010 . ) Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 