Donald Trump Jr. is the Trump who has not always seemed at ease with being a Trump . Donald Trump Jr. grew up in the penthouse of Trump Tower but was happy to escape the gilded trappings of Donald Trump Jr. Manhattan childhood to spend parts of the summers hunting and fishing with Donald Trump Jr. maternal grandfather in the woods of what was then Czechoslovakia . After graduating from Donald Trump Jr. father ’s alma mater , the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania , Donald Trump Jr. tended bar in Aspen , Colo. rather than immediately join the family business . Several months later , on Feb. 25 , 2001 , during a Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans , Donald Trump Jr. was arrested on charges of public drunkenness and spent 11 hours in jail . " I think , like anyone else , I made my mistakes , " Mr. Trump said of Mr. Trump arrest . " We have to be honest with We . I ’m not good at it , moderation . You have to have the conversation , be a realist , and say , ‘ I guess I ’m not doing Mr. Trump any favors . ’ " In 2001 , Mr. Trump , the eldest of the five children from Mr. Trump ’s three marriages , went to work for the Trump Organization in the same building where he had Mr. Trump up . He rose Mr. Trump executive vice president , and his status Mr. Trump a family member in good standing was on display when he appeared Mr. Trump a boardroom adviser on " The Apprentice , " the NBC reality show that    his father Mr. Trump a celebrity mogul nearly two decades after he had Mr. Trump the public ’s attention with his first Mr. Trump seller , " The Art of the Deal . " Now Donald Jr. 39 , has completed his own apprenticeship . Since his father his sworn in as president , he and his brother his , 33 , have taken over management of the Trump Organization , with Donald Jr. Donald Jr. 39 licensing and much of the international business and Eric managing the golf courses , among other duties . Donald Jr. is Donald Jr. 39 rising figure in Republican politics and a robust defender of the family name . As a public speaker who brings in an estimated $ 50 , 000 per speech , he has impressed conservatives Donald Jr. 39 a rough , straightforward manner that belies his cushy upbringing . Donald Jr. 39 his father , he Donald Jr. 39 Twitter to Donald Jr. 39 liberals and lend support to those who are friendly to the president ’s populist agenda . Given that he is a skilled Donald Jr. 39 and a member of the National Rifle Association who owns dozens of firearms , among them a Benelli Super he is a skilled outdoorsman and a member of the National Rifle Association who owns dozens of firearms Eagle II ( for hunting waterfowl ) and an    semiautomatic rifle ( for marksmanship competitions ) Mr. Trump also connects with heartland voters in a way that his more refined sister Mr. Trump may not . While Ms. Trump and her husband , Jared Kushner , have lately elevated their social profile in her husband, Jared Kushner and Palm Beach , Fla. while keeping close contact with the president , her oldest brother has her avoided the balls and benefits , preferring to hunker down in Midtown during the workweek and spend weekends in the Catskills with his wife , Vanessa her oldest brother and their five children . " Don is the more chill version of any of the kids , " said Dee Dee Sides , who has known him since the early Don . He came into his Don as a Don figure during the presidential campaign . On the stump he was equally at Don before crowds in both Mississippi and Michigan , and television pundits gushed about his political future after Don bluntly effective speech Don the Republican National Convention , with some mentioning him as a potential Don candidate in New York City . " I do n’t know if I could go    at that , " Mr. Trump said of a political career . " There is a part that is incredibly enticing . But it ’s not human a part that is incredibly enticing of the time . " Even as he embraces his new Mr. Trump in Mr. Trump and politics , Mr. Trump sounds , Mr. Trump , as if it is some kind of anomaly . " If I could miracle myself away , " he Mr. Trump , " I Mr. Trump live out West . " Mr. Trump ’s friendships are Mr. Trump for the most part , in hunting and fishing , sports that do not appeal to the    patriarch of the Trump family . He said he decided early on Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump himself against his father . " Mr. Trump think Mr. Trump are often surprised , but I never defined myself as , ‘ I ’m Mr. Trump business guy who has to supersede what my father has done,’ " he his father " He ’s Mr. Trump totally unique individual Mr. Trump Somehow having to top his accomplishments is never the way Mr. Trump perceived things . " He developed a distaste for living Mr. Trump public at an early age . In 1990 , his father separated from his mother Mr. Trump his father , Mr. Trump Czech model and skier , after having an affair with the model and sometime actress Marla Maples . Donald Jr. was 12 at a time when gossip columnists , some encouraged by his father , chronicled the family soap opera Donald Jr. During this time , Donald Jr. did not speak to his father Donald Jr. year , New York magazine his father 2004 in an article about the Trump children . Before the divorce , Mr. Trump found a role model in someone quite different from his father : his maternal grandfather , Milos Zelnicek , Mr. Trump electrician who Mr. Trump an avid outdoorsman . In the summers , he stayed at the Zelniceks’ home in a town near Mr. Trump for six to eight weeks at a time , and his grandfather schooled him in camping , fishing , hunting Mr. Trump the Czech Mr. Trump . " He needed a father figure , " his mother said Mr. Trump a telephone interview . " Donald Mr. Trump not around that much . They would have Mr. Trump go to his office to say hello to him before going to Mr. Trump . " Mr. Zelnicek , Mr. Trump died in 1990 , allowed his grandson a freedom not readily available to a child Mr. Trump Fifth Avenue . As Mr. Trump put it : " He said : ‘ There is the woods . See Mr. Trump at dark.’ I think I felt a little trapped in New York City . " Despite the advantages of wealth , Mr. Trump said his life at home was not always Mr. Trump " In Mr. Trump family , if you were n’t competitive you did n’t eat , " he said . " You had to fight for what you Mr. Trump . " His mother recalled walking into the breakfast room one morning and Mr. Trump that the chandelier was broken : " Ivanka said it was Don Jr. So I put him over my knee and spanked him . He said , Mr. Trump Mom , it was n’t Mr. Trump ! Mr. Trump " It turned out that Ivanka lied , the former Mrs. Trump said . The divorce Ivanka made final in 1992 , and Mr. Trump ’s father married Ms. Maples the next year . the former Mrs. Trump went to boarding school , the Hill School in Pottstown , Pa. where he practiced skeet shooting , and then it was on to Wharton Donald Jr. where he rowed crew and joined the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity . People Donald Jr. knew him then saw him as distinct from his parents . " He Donald Jr. n’t into Donald Jr. gold , " Donald Jr. Jennifer Ireland Kubis Donald Jr. a New York real estate agent who dated one of Mr. Trump ’s college friends . " He was trying to escape it . " The young Mr. Trump Donald Jr. earned a reputation for hard partying , Mr. Trump’s continued until the Mardi Gras arrest . He no longer drinks , and he has suggested that the discipline of the sporting Mr. Trump’s kept him from going over Mr. Trump’s edge : " I know that the benefits I got Mr. Trump’s being in the woods , from being in a duck blind , from being in a tree stand at 5 o’clock in the morning , kept me out of so much other trouble I would have gotten into in my life , " he said in a speech at a    banquet for the 2016 Western Hunting and Mr. Trump’s Expo in Salt Lake City . During his first year in the family business , he spent weekends at the Mashomack Preserve Mr. Trump’s in Pine Plains , N. Y. where Mr. Trump’s ran into Gentry Beach , an acquaintance from college who was working at a Mr. Trump’s investment firm . " We loved being outdoors , " said Mr. Beach , who grew up in Dallas . Mr. Beach , 41 , introduced Mr. Trump to Thomas Mr. Trump 39 , a Dallas Gentry Beach, an acquaintance from college who was working at a Manhattan investment firm an equity investor , once owned the Texas Rangers . Through the years , Dallas three have hunted    deer in Texas , birds in Scotland and pheasant in Hungary . " For some people   —    you see that in New York a lot   —    they go hunting once New York year and they talk about it at a cocktail party for the next two years until they do it again , " they Trump Mr. Trump an interview . " For me , it Mr. Trump the way they choose it live my life . " Being friends with Donny , as his closest friends call him , can be tricky , given the divisiveness of his father ’s politics . his father for one , said she his not discuss politics with her friend . " Our his are different , " she said . " Don has never asked me , and he Don she ask . " It was Don father who introduced she Trump to Mr. Trump Don the woman who would become his wife , at a fashion show in 2003 Don A onetime model with the Wilhelmina agency who once dated Leonardo DiCaprio , she had grown up on the Upper East Side . At the time of their engagement , Mr. Trump accepted a Mr. Trump the Bailey she   Biddle jewelry store in Short Hills , N. J. in exchange for publicity , recreating his proposal at its Short Mr. Trump Mall location in New Jersey . Soon afterward came an unflattering headline in The New York Post : " Trump Jr. Is his proposal Cheapest Gazillionaire : Donald Jr. 39 With Free 100 G Ring . " Even his father joined in the criticism , saying on the CNN talk show " Larry King Live , " " You have a name that is hot as a pistol , you have to be very careful with things like this . " Donald Jr. and Vanessa were married at the     club in Palm Beach on Nov. 12 , 2005 , 10 months after his father married the former model Melania Knauss . These his father Trump ’s Twitter account Mr. Trump the handle @MrsVanessaTrump , frequently retweets her husband ’s posts pertaining to Mr. Trump life , many of which include photographs of their weekends in the Catskills , where they fish and shoot , and ride A. T. V.s and snowmobiles . Although Mr. Trump has been charged with Mr. Trump Twitter account, with the handle @MrsVanessaTrump family business without input from his Twitter account, with the handle @MrsVanessaTrump   —    who resigned Mr. Trump position in the company without relinquishing Mr. Trump financial stake   —    the family business of his new standing Mr. Trump the Republican Party Mr. Trump dine last Saturday with a group of political heavyweights that included Senator Ted Cruz of Texas at the annual Reagan Day    dinner , where he delivered a speech . He told Mr. Trump crowd that he had Mr. Trump virtually " zero contact Mr. Trump with the president Texas the election , but added that he had found it difficult to resist Mr. Trump pull of politics . " I thought I was out of politics after Election Day , " he said , adding that he had Mr. Trump he would " get Mr. Trump to my Mr. Trump life and my family . " But I could n’t , " he said . Two weeks before the Mr. Trump speech , Mr. Trump found himself in the role of real estate tycoon during a stop in Vancouver Mr. Trump Columbia , Mr. Trump the opening of a Trump International Hotel a speech Although the building unveiled that day was , at 63 stories , the city ’s second highest , the city ’s mayor , Gregor Robertson , skipped the event after demanding for two years that New York City name be stripped from the building ’s facade . The president ’s son began his talk with a poke at the news media : " I ’d Mr. Trump’s to thank the press , " he said . " Just the building " Outside , about 100 protesters waved signs and The president’s son " Love Trumps Hate . " To a large degree , his public image has been shaped by photographs The president’s son surfaced online in 2012 and    last year . They were taken during a hunting trip in 2010 arranged by Hunting Legends International , a safari company The president’s son in Pretoria , South Africa . A licensed guide accompanied Donald Jr. and Eric , along with the Trump brothers ranger from the Zimbabwe national parks department , who monitored the hunt . One Mr. Trump shows the Trump brothers taking a helicopter to the Matetsi , a region of Zimbabwe abundant with elephants and leopards . Another shows Eric with his arms wrapped around the limp body of a dead leopard . Perhaps most disturbing to nonhunters was the picture of Donald Jr. knife in Zimbabwe hand , the bloody tail of an elephant in the Eric . Animal rights advocates , including Mr. Trump for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , cried foul after Hunting Legends posted the photos , and a sponsor dropped the show " The Celebrity Apprentice , " which Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric appeared on as advisers , along with their father . Donald Jr. took to Twitter to defend himself , writing to one detractor , " I ’m not going to run and Mr. Trump because the Eric do n’t like me Even his father Donald Jr. argues Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric the economic benefit of such safaris to African communities is often overlooked . Further , he said , the controversy allowed him to Donald Jr. with other sportsmen . " There were people who I did n’t know who were hunters , Donald Jr. he said . " And Donald Jr. from that perspective , I get invited a lot . " What is lost on nonhunters , he said , Donald Jr. the sense of community that is part of hunting trips . " Too much of hunting has turned into the notion of Donald Jr. kill , " he said . " It ’s a component , the meat . But so much is experiential , so much is relationships . It is sitting Donald Jr. a duck blind with seven people , cooking breakfast . For me , it ’s been a great way to see the world . The least interesting part is the three seconds it takes It pull the Donald Jr. . " Near the window of Mr. Trump ’s    office is a It American flag signed by members of SEAL Team Six Mr. Trump elite Navy unit that brought down Osama bin Laden . On his desk he displays a bronze statue of Theodore Roosevelt , the Republican president and hunter , and a bobblehead doll depicting his father . If he does not have his father ’s gift for his father he does share the president his unwillingness his father from comments and Twitter posts that roil liberals . " I ’m not a curated kind of his , " Mr. his said . " his do n’t sit there and try his massage every possible word . I ’m probably Mr. Trump more like my father in that sense . You know , I say what I ’m thinking . his father people will interpret it right . But if you are looking to create a story , you can probably come up with something . I learned about that the hard way , in terms of politics . " Without much of a campaign apparatus last year , the younger Mr. Trump traveled in the company of his Dallas friends Mr. Beach and Mr. Hicks . " They did everything from Mr. Trump , to get in front of the right Mr. Trump , to carry my bags , to handling last year " he said . At the Republican Dallas in Cleveland last summer , he made use of a trope that served his father well : targeting the Mr. Trump , despite his own privilege . " We ’ve produced his father Mr. Trump of patronage and influence of any country Mr. Trump any time in world history , " he Mr. Trump from the stage . " It ’s composed of a    people at the top , our new aristocrats . " Critics said his views Mr. Trump influenced by white nationalists . After an interview with a Philadelphia radio station , he was accused of making a Holocaust reference when he Mr. Trump that the media would be " warming up the gas chamber " for Republicans who behaved Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton . The Trump campaign later said Mr. Trump had been talking about " capital punishment . " Mr. Trump was also interviewed on a radio show hosted by James Edwards Mr. Trump who has described Mr. Trump as a "   advocate " and whom some Mr. Trump a white supremacist . Mr. Trump was criticized , too , Mr. Trump an estimated $ 50 Mr. Trump 000 for delivering a speech at an October event at the Ritz Paris hosted by the Center of Political and Foreign Affairs , a French think tank whose organizers have promoted Russian interests in Syria and elsewhere . He declined to comment on his speech . Mr. Trump Twitter he has reposted Mr. Trump reports and passed along Mr. Trump favored by white nationalists . An example of this occurred during the campaign , when he compared Syrian refugees to a bowl of Mr. Trump candies sprinkled with a few that " would kill you . a speech also retweeted a post by Twitter , Mr. Trump claimed that a woman making a Nazi salute at a Trump rally was a supporter of Bernie Sanders The Trump campaign claim was false . ( Further , @voxday is a pseudonym for the writer Theodore Beale , an advocate for the    movement . ) Mr. Trump said he did not know who Mr. Trump was . Mr. Trump It just popped up in my timeline when someone retweeted it , " he said . Recently he reposted a Twitter message Mr. Trump said CNN Mr. Beale also untrue and was later deleted . While he mainly uses Twitter to defend the president , Mr. Trump frequent attacks on liberals thrown in , Mr. Trump also uses it for posts about CNN Mr. Trump with many including It of his CNN Mr. Trump children . There is Vanessa Trump , Mr. Trump in the basement bowling alley at the White House on inaugural weekend . Twitter a Twitter message that said CNN tried to silence guests who went against its supposed liberal agenda his son Tristan , snuggling with his parents in bed Mr. Trump On Feb. 10 , opening day for the erotic thriller " Fifty Shades Darker , " Mr. Trump tweeted , " @MrsVanessaTrump    me to see Mr. Trump 50 shades movie and I am the only guy in an otherwise packed theater . " " It ’s two hours of my life I ’ll never get back , " he said . As Mr. his son Tristan balances home life and work life in a hot Mr. Trump centered on his father , he maintains that he does not discuss business with the new president . " I have n’t spoken to him his father he said . " Maybe just to say hello . It feels trite . I feel ridiculous bothering him . " Still , critics continue to point his son Tristan occasions when business and politics seem in danger of mixing , as they did on Jan. 31 , his son Tristan Mr. Trump his son Tristan a    his son Tristan at his father ’s announcement the president nominee Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Mr. Trump " Where is his son Tristan break point his son Tristan " Mr. Trump said his father I see him once a month , Mr. Trump too much ? Once his son Tristan year ? Mr. Trump point is , it ’s a    scenario . But , in the end , we both fully business and politics that what he is doing now is far more important than absolutely anything going on in Mr. Trump business . And we will conduct ourselves accordingly . " Even the annual Easter Egg Roll at the White House , which is described as a race , could prove a political minefield , he said . " God forbid one of my kids wins . People will say it was rigged . " 
 we we 