My article " Bill Kristol : Republican Spoiler , Renegade Jew " has created something of a firestorm on social media ( # RenegadeJew ) and inspired some illiterate and unjust attacks on Breitbart . com and also me . [ To answer one    question , I did write the headline with the " Renegade Jew " phrase and Breitbart chose to run it   . Some illiterate    have picked up on the phrase without understanding the phrase . Some    have called me names as well , displaying Some    own brand of inarticulate hate without bothering to respond to the actual argument of my piece .   So to clarify : I understand that a lot of conservatives are still skeptical about Donald Trump as the Republican nominee . I respect a lot of conservatives are still skeptical about Donald Trump as the Republican nominee skepticism when it is attached to reasonable arguments , since no candidate is perfect and no one can know the future . I am put in mind of the wit who said that Republicans are always looking for the perfect candidate while Democrats are looking for the perfect lie . But the primaries are over and Donald Trump as the Republican nominee is now the the Republican nominee That means he Donald Trump as the Republican nominee the only obstacle to the party of Obama and Hillary and Huma Abedin , of the Iran deal and the appeasement of Islamic    beginning with the Hamas terrorists of Gaza and the Fatah terrorists of the West Bank . In mounting a    run which would split the Republican vote and elect Hillary , Bill Kristol seems to be forgetting that the Iranians and their    Iranians are openly preparing a second Holocaust in the Middle East ( and then for the rest of us ) . Obama , Hillary , Huma Abedin , and the Democrats are the chief enablers of this already planned Holocaust . Holocaust the Republican vote and electing Hillary is Hillary betrayal of the Jews in an hour in which their backs the Jews to the wall . Hence the designation renegade for those who are planning a    run , and for which I make no apologies . 
 