At a campaign event on Friday in Nashua , NH , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) " got pummeled " at last night ’s Fox News GOP presidential debate .   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump did not attend the presidential debate , which has been attributed to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ongoing feud with FNC ’s " The Kelly File " host Megyn Kelly , one of the moderators of Fox News GOP presidential debate . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " We have a big day coming up . We We a number one , we We February 1 , I think we We going to do really well in Iowa . We We leading in the Iowa Iowa now and leading pretty good . And Cruz is in second place . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump got really pummeled last night . Actually , I ’m glad I was n’t there . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump got pummeled . Wow . And you know , they did n’t even mention that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was born in Canada . Right ? You know , when you ’re born in Canada Canada you ’re not supposed to be running for president of the United States . Prime minister of Canada Canada no problem . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump can run for Canada Canada There Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump can run prime minister of Canada Canada no problem . " " So Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump got beaten up pretty badly last last night " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump continued . " I do n’t know what ’s going to happen to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump poll numbers , but probably they ’re his poll numbers going up . I was told ours went up because of what Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump did last night last night n’t that something ? You know , it tells you a little bit about risk . Risk is interesting . In theory , I would have rather done the debate . You ’re leading . You do n’t want to change the wheels , right ? You want to just go , get it done , the wheels and go to the next one , and I took a chance . I mean , I took a chance , and it ’s something the wheels have to do . I took a chance and we did something ours I do n’t know what the end result was . Whatever the result is the end result did the right thing . I did the right thing because the right thing great for veterans . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 