WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    The longest , loudest standing ovation of the Kennedy Center Honors gala was n’t reserved for Al Pacino , Mavis Staples or the Eagles . Instead , it went to the man sitting to Al Pacino, Mavis Staples or the Eagles left , attending the man sitting to their left eighth and most likely the man sitting to their left last honors presentation : President Barack Obama . [ While politics were absent from the tributes to the performers who were recognized for influencing American culture on Sunday night , the arts community ’s affection for President Barack Obama —    and its President Barack Obama about    Donald Trump   —    was palpable in the Kennedy Center Opera House .   The president and first lady Michelle Obama were introduced last , after Pacino and his Pacino honorees : gospel singer Staples pianist Martha Argerich    James Taylor and Don Henley , Timothy B. Schmidt and Joe Walsh , the surviving members of the Eagles . The Kennedy Center Honors are in their The Kennedy Center Honors year , a period that has included six presidents   —    three Republicans , three Democrats   —    and all have taken time to welcome the recipients . But the 2016 election was noteworthy for the way    performers lined up behind Obama and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , while Trump had relatively few celebrity endorsements . Although the president has no say in who receives the awards , Colbert joked that next year ’s honorees would include Scott Baio , Gary Busey and Meat Loaf . " For the past eight years , the White House has given us a leader who ’s passionate , intelligent and dignified , " Colbert Colbert , and the crowd rose for another prolonged ovation , prompting Obama to stand and wave . " Sir , I do n’t even know why you stood up . I was talking about Michelle , " Colbert Colbert . Earlier , at the the White House Obama welcomed the Obama at a reception and said participating in the gala was " one of the perks of the job . " " The arts have always been part of life at the White House the White House are always central The arts life , " Obama said . " That Obama why over the past eight years Michelle and I have invited some of the best writers , musicians , actors and dancers to share their gifts with the American people some of the best writers, musicians, actors and dancers to help tell the story of who we are . " Kennedy Center chairman David Rubenstein also thanked the Obamas , noting that the president is n’t required to attend the honors or host a reception . He offered them a " golden Kennedy Center chairman David Rubenstein " the president isn’t required to attend the honors or host a reception for free admission to any event at the center . " Parking is extra , " Rubenstein said . Another standing ovation Kennedy Center chairman David Rubenstein to Bill Clinton , who made a surprise appearance on stage to talk about how Taylor ’s music resonated with him and the American public in Kennedy Center chairman David Rubenstein that tested the nation ’s resolve . " Our nation was reeling from the the nation’s Vietnam , " Clinton said . " James was there to satisfy our hunger for both intimacy and authenticity . " Politics aside , the honors proceeded as usual , with musicians and actors taking the stage to pay tribute to the honorees , who stood on a balcony , waving and applauding as they wore the event ’s signature    garlands . The ceremony will be broadcast Dec. 27 on CBS . The tribute to Pacino included remarks by Sean Penn and recitations of Shakespeare by Laurence Fishburne and Lily Rabe . Chris O’Donnell and Gabrielle Anwar    the tango that Pacino danced with Anwar in " Scent of a Woman , " the 1992 movie that won Pacino his    Oscar . Kevin Spacey gave a virtuoso tutorial on how to impersonate the actor whose passionate delivery has helped create some of the most memorable lines in American cinema . The keys are to look surprised and exhale loudly , Spacey said . " Al seems to Kevin Spacey a lot of air , " he said . Garth Brooks , Sheryl Al and Darius Rucker performed medleys of Taylor ’s music . Yitzhak Perlman played violin and Yuja Wang played piano to honor the    Argerich . Staples’ songs were performed by Elle King , Bonnie Raitt and Andra Day , and actor Don Cheadle spoke about the civil rights legacy of Staples and her family , who were close to Bonnie Raitt Luther King Jr. and performed at John F. Kennedy ’s inauguration . " She ’s still fighting . She ’s Bonnie Raitt singing freedom songs , Bonnie Raitt Cheadle said . The Eagles were originally actor Don Cheadle to be honored last year , but the band opted to delay participation because The Eagles member Glenn Frey ’s poor health . Frey died in January at age 67 , founding member Glenn Frey’s the event a bittersweet one for the surviving Eagles , who were joined by Frey ’s widow , Cindy Frey . Henley founding member Glenn Frey’s the band will never perform again . Bob The Eagles Vince Gill and Kings of Leon performed the Eagles’ music on Sunday . " I want to dedicate this evening to our brother Glenn , " Henley said as the band accepted its honors Saturday night Henley the The Eagles . " The Eagles was so much a part of our success . He our brother Glenn the driving force in this band our He believed our brother Glenn the American dream . The Eagles band ’s longtime our brother Glenn , Irving Azoff , sobbed as The Eagles a glass to Frey . " For our Eagles family , our brother Glenn he said , " 2016 could n’t have our a harder beginning or our brother Glenn more appropriate ending . " 
 