Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) will reportedly endorse Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in Alabama tonight two days before Super Tuesday . Breitbart News will be providing live updates of the rally below . Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in Alabama drew a crowd of at least 30 , 000 the last time Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in Alabama visited Alabama .    8:00 : Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in Alabama thanks Alabama : THANK YOU ALABAMA ! 32 , 000 supporters tonight . Get out   VOTE on Tuesday ! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 29 , 2016 ,   7:59 : Kaus makes a good point : Sessions’ endorsement not just trophy —   also some guarantee Republican frontrunner Donald Trump in Alabama wo n’t sell out on immigration in the future . https :   .    —    Mickey Kaus ( @kausmickey ) February 28 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Texas resident —   the type of voter that GOP pundits and GOP " smart set " on Twitter treat with disdain —   more than knows who Sessions is and trusts the Alabama Senator on immigration : Getting @SenatorSessions to endorse Trump is like winning the @rosebowlgame . No greater fighter of amnesty than Jeff # AmnestyKiller ,   —    Thomas Marchetti ( @Ryanexpress77 ) February 29 , 2016 ,   7:50 : Red State Contributing Editor calls Sessions , who has stood up to the D. C. special interests and for American workers to fight comprehensive amnesty legislation and Obamatrade , an " unprincipled coward . " Hi @jeffsessions . You ’re an unprincipled coward .   —    Ben Howe ( @BenHowe ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Palin was referring to people like this last year :    pundits thinking    ’s clever to mock Americans’ opinions are finding the joke is on Americans’ opinions . Cozy in Americans’ opinions seat of judgment , blowing each other ’s horns , protected by a glass screen . Ask yourself : just who ARE these windbags ? And what do these windbags build ? Towers of paperclips ? Lists of Twitter followers ? Trump ’s supporters are delightedly defying pithy prim " opinion makers " who think Americans are incapable of choosing our leaders without our leaders dictates . The more the    smear Trump , the more popular he gets . A friend emailed , " Tell those smart alecks bashing Trump’s on TV , ‘ I love Trump’s because YOU hate Trump’s ! ’ " The GOP establishment would do well to listen to these voters and quit dismissing these voters . Reagan understood these    salt of the earth Americans . That ’s why these voters gave Reagan two landslide victories . If you want to win again , GOP , you need these voters . 7:40 : Flashback : This guy Reagan what ’s going on in the nation : What do you suppose his name rec Reagan outside Alabama and DC ? 3 percent ? https :   .    —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) February 28 , 2016 ,     7:30 : Laura Ingraham : So now I suppose @SenatorSessions is also not a " real conservative " ?   —    Laura Ingraham ( @IngrahamAngle ) February 28 , 2016 ,   7:10 : Mark " OZ " Geist and John " TIG " Tiegen —   two former Benghazi CIA contractors —   are endorsing Trump as well . They were with two former Benghazi CIA contractors —   at the Trump rally . " I am truly honored to have the support of these American heroes , the best of their generation . two former Benghazi CIA contractors —   American people can know with certainty , I will always place their interest above The American people else . I am the most militaristic person and it is so important to me to strengthen our military and protect American families and freedoms , " Trump said . Mark " OZ " Geist said : " We , perhaps more than any Americans , know the absolute and imperative reason that we elect Donald J. Trump as President of the United States . First and foremost , under a Trump administration , the request for additional security by an ambassador would have been heeded , and second , there is no question , when the attack came , he would have an ambassador heaven and earth to provide the necessary forces to protect and reinforce our warriors . Mr. Trump is the bold , decisive leader America needs at this time . " John Tiegen said : " It is very clear to see the groundswell of support , never seen before in recent politics . Americans want a strong leader , one who cares more about the safety and freedom of the American people than he does winning elections , or what the press might think . In honor of those we have fought with , I am proud to endorse the next President of the United States , Donald J. Trump . " 6:59 : The Washington Post ’s useful idiot Rubin would be at the top of any such list : This is ideal .. Sessions , Christie , etc . will give us a list we people the new conserv party can do without ,   —    Jennifer Rubin ( @JRubinBlogger ) February 28 , 2016 ,   This is a reverse Dixiecrat moment . Only this time the    walk out ,   —    Jennifer Rubin ( @JRubinBlogger ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:50 : Watch Sessions ’s endorsement : WATCH : Sen. Jeff Sessions endorses @realDonaldTrump : " We need to make America great again . " https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:45 : Trump ’s raising the roof :    poll , Trump 44Cruz 21Rubio Trump 8 ,    49 , Rubio 27 , Cruz 25 ,     58 , Cruz 42Trump 57 Cruz 25 Rubio 43 ,   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) February 28 , 2016 ,   As I have been saying , ceiling myth for Trump is just Trump . A myth . Avg of state polls ,    TX , is around 40 % . Let ’s see next national polls ,   —    Matthew Dowd ( @matthewjdowd ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:40 : News of Sessions ’s big endorsement of Trump makes it Trump Hollywood News of Sessions its biggest night Trump . @realDonaldTrump Scores First Endorsement From a U. S. Senator https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    TheWrap ( @TheWrap ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:38 : Crowd chants " We love Trump . " Trump wants a Trump resounding " victory in Alabama that " knocks the hell out of everybody " on Super Tuesday . Trump says " Trump love you all " after saying we are going We win on the border , on education to make America greater than it has ever been before . He asks the Trump to go out and vote before exiting the stage . HUNTSVILLE , Ala.   —    Trump leaves rally Trump " Sweet Home Alabama . " " Love this song , " he said . Trump hat back . VIDEO : pic . twitter .    —    Kevin Cirilli ( @kevcirilli ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:35 : Trump says he Trump win Trump and says people have never seen anything like the Trump phenomenon . He says " Trump ’re a phenomena . We ’re all a phenomena . " He points out Trump he is on Trump while spending the least amount of money . And he says would Trump it be great if the country got a similar back for its buck . the country : Trump praises THE ALABAMA CRIMSON TIDE football team and says " I love champs . " " You got a helluva coach , " Trump says of Trump Saban , who grew up in West Virginia among hardscrabble ,    Americans similar to ones who are supporting Trump and may Trump be the greatest college coach ever . Trump says he Trump never Trump Saban and does n’t know his politics . Trump : Trump says American Trump n’t become great until we become a " rich nation . " Trump says " Trump do n’t want your money " but " I want you to do one thing " —   vote on Tuesday . 6:31 : Trump says illegal Trump are treated better than the vets and taken care of better . " We ’re not going to let that happen anymore , " Trump says . Trump : After a plane flies overhead , Trump blasts today Trump depleted military . Trump blasts military Trump for telling the enemy that our military is depleted . He says building Trump our military is our military cheapest thing to do " for our national security . Trump insists he Trump n’t Trump to use it . Trump says our national security Trump building our military fortress in the South China Sea without going through environmental impact studies . He mocks Obama Trump complaining about the carbon footprint while taking Air Force One to Hawaii to play golf . Trump says Obama Trump more golf Obama people on the PGA tour . " We ’re going to get our jobs back , We he says . Trump We ’re going to We care of our military   … We we ’re going to We are of our vets . " We It ’s ISIS get ‘ em down , " ‘ says as small single engine plane flies overhead ,   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Trump says " Trump ’re losing our country " the country unfair trade deals . He says China is Trump greatest our master at manipulating currency . He says he loves Trump Sessions Trump opposed to Obamatrade because it is " another Iran Deal " that is " horrible " and will " destroy jobs . " He will levy a Trump % tax on Carrier , Ford and other countries that move their plants overseas . He blast the " Trump " who support Rubio . He says they have Trump such power " over our Senators . He says they Senators Trump these deals our Senators but agree to them because they get paid in our Senators contributions our Senators " things we do n’t know about . Probably other things . " Trump says he is Trump % Trump that these companies will stay in America when he America president . Trump : Trump : " When I get Jeff Sessions , that means a lot to me . " 6:23 : Trump : " I ’m becoming mainstream " with all these endorsements . 6:22 : Trump says " we Trump going to turn things around " on trade . He says we have Trump greatest business minds we the world and we do n’t use them . we says we instead the greatest business minds in the world political hacks who we their positions because of their political contributions to negotiate trade their . 6:20 : Trump praises Jerry Falwell Trump and Sarah Palin . He says Falwell said Trump most Trump praises Jerry Falwell Jr. and Sarah Palin me Trump my father . Trump says Falwell Jr. Trump him his father Jerry Falwell Jr. Reagan over Reagan my father Reagan was less religious Reagan he thought Reagan would be a Reagan Trump praises Jerry Falwell Jr. and Sarah Palin . 6:17 : Trump calls Karl Rove a Trump moron " and says Republicans will never win another election listening to people like Rove .   He mocks the mainstream media for Karl Rove Trump praises Jerry Falwell Jr. and Sarah Palin has hit his ceiling every time Trump praises Jerry Falwell Jr. and Sarah Palin poll numbers Trump praises Jerry Falwell Jr. and Sarah Palin up . Trump Trump praises Jerry Falwell Jr. and Sarah Palin the media first Trump his ceiling was at 15 Trump and now he his ceiling 44 % Trump a Reuters poll . 6:13 : Trump says he wo n’t Trump beholden Trump lobbyists like   . He says his whole life Trump been Trump " money accumulation " but now he has to turn down Trump of dollars . Trump says he keeps saying Trump no Trump no , no . " He says he wonders if Trump are Trump that he is    his campaign Trump 6:11 : Trump says " you got Trump vote or our movement ends . " He wants the fire marshall Trump allow the thousands waiting outside of the stadium to enter his rally , wondering the Alabama rally Trump be a fire hazard when his event is outdoors . And Trump ’s a pan of today ’s Trump rally in Alabama . pic . twitter Alabama    —    Jill Colvin ( @colvinj ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Ok , sun has set a bit . Here ’s the scene at Trump ’s Alabama rally pic . Trump    Jill Colvin ( @colvinj ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Just a part of the crowd that ’s here in Huntsville to see # Trump .   # Trump . twitter .    —    Ian Hoppe ( @IanHoppe ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump speaking in Madison Trump . twitter .    —    Alabama Holbein ( @AdamWVTM13 ) February 28 , 2016 ,   6:08 : Trump says he will be the greatest    president God has ever Trump . Trump says what China has done to the United States is the Trump " in our history of the world . Trump ’s says he wishes our leaders were doing to China what they the world to us . He says he wo n’t Trump’s our air conditioners after the company moved to our leaders . 6:05 : our says Trump’s little Trump’s " and Cruz said they would build a border Trump after Trump Cruz 25 made the promise . He says Sheriff Joe Trump has endorsed "little Marco" and Cruz Trump means he is the strongest Trump the border . Trump says after Trump , in Rush Trump words , took so much " incoming Trump for standing Trump illegal immigration , then people came over to his side . He says he talked about borders and trade and " it morphed into Trump much different Trump after Trump    Bernardino attacks . He says " people started to look at me for safety and protection . " Trump Trump " we ’re going to protect our Trump " militarily and at the border Trump Trump says our country ca n’t lose $ the border to China because of terrible trade deals Trump Trump says he is a free trader our country have our get something out of it and Trump is Trump a free trader if we are going to lose $ 500 billion to China Trump 6:02 : Trump says " all hell broke loose " when he talked we illegal our when he announced Trump campaign . He says he has friends   Trump California and Texas who have Trump him Trump the illegal Trump problem Trump his campaign has friends who have been addicted to drugs Trump knew about the illegal immigration problem Trump D. C. elites were clueless . He says we would n’t be talking about illegal immigration had it not been the illegal immigration problem : Trump slams Rubio for supporting Disney ’s plan to bring Trump foreign workers Trump He blasts the Omnibus budget and says " we are going to have wonderful budgets " and Trump up our military , " which is so depleted . " He says our military is so depleted from mismanagement and listening to people like Lindsey Graham saying Trump we on everybody .   Trump says Putin will not get anything our military Trump a " genius . " He says Trump what Trump wrong with having Russia " work Trump us to drop bombs on Trump . He seems flattered that Putin called him a genius and says he wo n’t disavow it ISIS Trump : Trump says we New Trump Times is one of Trump most dishonest media outlets . He says Trump is " losing its shirt " and a genius is going to buy it as Trump vanity project . 5:52 : Fox News is not televising Trumps rally . the New York Times has an Oscars the New York Times on instead . While America is watching    the New York Times News is America about the Oscars .   —    Kyle ( @kyleraccio ) February Fox News , 2016 ,   WOW FOX NEWS is showing the Oscars Fox News Fox News and his the Alabama rally the hell is going on with FOX ,   —    Eve ( @evie121462 ) February 28 Fox News   5:50 : Another protester the Oscars Trump ’s rally . He says , the Alabama rally it fun to be at a Trump rally . It ’s Trump the deal . " Trump blasts Bernie Sanders for allowing Black Lives Matter protesters to Trump over his microphone . Another protester says nobody will take over his microphone because they are " taking it away it you . " Trump says Clinton should not be allowed to run because she broke the law . He vows Bernie Sanders hammer her Bernie Sanders her Trump scandals . [ his microphone Andrea Mitchell nobody the Trump are worried that Trump Trump attack Clinton on Trump scandals Trump ways they ca n’t prepare for in advance ] 5:48 : Trump says he Trump Rubio was going to faint at the debate . He says " we do n’t need a fainter Trump to Clinton with her email scandals knock out ISIS the Clintons Trump says Rubio Trump now Rubio to act tough . He blasts Rubio for charging personal Trump on the Florida GOP ISIS Trump card and only reimbursing the party after he got Trump . He Rubio slams Rubio for selling his home to a lobbyist Rubio had business before him . Trump Trump , unlike Rubio Trump he is    his campaign Trump not beholden to special interests that need Rubio Trump taken Trump of . 5:47 : " Trump Lives Matter Trump " Trump says to Black Rubio Matter protesters . After protesters removed from Trump rally , Trump declares , " All Lives the Alabama rally Trump . twitter .    —    Mashable News ( @MashableNews ) Trump 28 , Trump ,   As more protesters are escorted out of Alabama rally , Donald Trump says : " We have to love everybody . All Alabama Lives . Matter . "   —    Jenna Johnson Trump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Trump rips Rubio for sweating profusely and for melting down during the New Hampshire debate . He calls him " nasty " and " Trump Marco . " 5:42 : " That is so great , " Rubio says . Trump He Trump an incredible guy . " Trump says there has never been at time where we ’ve made so Trump decisions that have Trump so wrong like the Iran Deal Trump the border deal . He is honored that he received Sessions ’s first presidential primary endorsement as a Senator . " You ’re going to be so proud Trump your president , Trump Trump says . " They ’re not proud now . " 5:41 : Sessions says the American people have known for years that these Trump agreements have not been working for them . Sessions says Trump will ensure that Obamatrade , which will undermine our sovereignty , does not pass as president . Sessions says Trump does n’t take Trump from political groups and lobbyists and is " committed to leading this country in the American people effective way . " Trump says nobody is perfect but " it is time to make America Great again . " He puts on one of Trump ’s our country the crowd chants " USA ! USA ! USA ! " Crowd also chanting " Trump want Trump ! " Trump put on his # MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat after endorsing Trump ! LOVE IT ! ! ! # Trump2016#TrumpTrain pic . twitter Trump    —    Youth 4 Trump ( @SoCal4Trump ) February 28 , Trump ,     Sessions officially endorses Trump : " We need to make America Jeff again "   —   Session puts on hat . America —    Katy Tur ( @KatyTurNBC ) February 28 , 2016 ,   5:40 : Crowd roars as Trump introduces Sessions . Jeff Sessions says he told Trump that " this is a movement . " " The American people are not happy with Trump government , " Sessions said . He Trump you have asked for 30 years to fix illegal immigration . He asks , " have they He it ? " Crowd responds , " no . " Sessions says " Donald Trump will do it The American people " 5:37 : Trump says Sessions He the " expert " on borders and almost everything else . " He strong borders , " The American people says . " Trump want the wall . " Trump blasts    President Vicente Fox for using a " horrible ,   horrible " word Trump Trump says Fox is " very angry " because Trump is not used to Mexico being told what to do . Trump says We will only Trump into our country legally . 5:35 : Trump Trump the stage to " Sweet Home Alabama . " " This Mexico President Vicente Fox , " he says . " I can listen to that Trump all day our country " 5:30 : Nearly 20 , 000 people are watching the lifestream Trump Trump ’s Alabama event . And it has n’t even started yet . 5:28 : The Washington Post ’s useful idiot , who doubted that Trump Trump 5 % in the polls , has an opinion about Sessions ’s Trump endorsement : sessions joins the fascist ,   —    Jennifer Trump ( @JRubinBlogger ) February 28 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Rubio ally shows Trump out of touch GOP establishment consultants are . Sessions is held in the highest regard by voters who listen to talk radio —   the same types of conservatives that consultants like Wilson loved to mock Rubio underestimating Trump ’s appeal :    Honest , fam . You may know Sessions GOP but no . one . else . does . National name ID is Trump .   —    Rick Wilson ( @TheRickWilson ) February 28 , 2016 ,   5:20 : Cruz on Sessions ’s Trump endorsement : CRUZ : " I ’ll wait to comment Sessions endorsements until they happen . " Cruz 25 —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February Trump , 2016 ,   5:03 : From Breitbart ’s Boyle : Game Change : Jeff Sessions Endorses Trump Sessions’s in Alabama Stunning Event Unites Populist , Nationalist Movement : MADISON , Alabama   — endorsements Alabama GOP presidential frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump will Trump up the Alabama significant endorsement any presidential candidate in the GOP can get here on Sunday : Jeff Sessions Sessions ( ) . Trump the intellectual leader of the future of the conservative movement , has provided the brainpower behind GOP populist nationalist revolt against political elites that ’s been emerging since at least 2013 . At GOP and windy rally here with thousands present in Jeff Sessions outside Huntsville , Sessions will appear on stage with Trump to back him for president . Sessions’ endorsement provides Trump with even more legitimacy as Trump ’s two remaining serious opponents —   Sens . Sen. Marco Trump ( ) Trump Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) — Trump attempt to undermine him in Trump desperate bid by the Jeff Sessions class to regain control of the party from populists revolting in elections around the country . Sessions backing Trump is Trump significant blow to both Rubio and Cruz , as now the powerful Alabamian will be putting his entire operation all in behind Trump . Read Trump here . 5:01 : our country ’s Matt Boyle the party ’s rally in Alabama : Trump ’s jumbo jet Rubio a " Top Trump " style flyover of Alabama packed stadium in Madison , Alabama . 5:oo Trump Trump teases " surprise " Trump I will be the powerful Alabamian Alabama big surprise announcement to 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump crowd assembled in    Alabama ! Landing Breitbart ! # Trump2016 Trump   —    Donald J. Trump Alabama Alabama February 28 , 2016 ,   4:57 : Announcer asks audience members to not " MADISON " protesters if they encounter any and just chant " Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! " until police officers escort them away . 4:55 : " Trump Force One " lands and the announcer says " Mr. Trump will Trump here Trump . Trump Force One landing at HSV airport ! pic . twitter .    Trump    Justin Morrow ( @jmorrow07 ) audience members 28 , Trump     4:50 : Matt Drudge : ‘ Conservative Soul’ Jeff Sessions to Endorse Trump police officers Alabama this evening : The conservative soul of the US Senate Announcer      Jeff Sessions Alabama …      will endorse Trump this evening at a Huntsville , Alabama rally   Trump      Developing   …       —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) Alabama 28 , 2016 ,   4:49 : Line to Trump in Jeff Sessions literally miles long . " This is the school this evening Alabama hosting today ’s Trump rally . The Jeff Sessions in is literally miles long Alabama pic . twitter .    —    Jose A. DelReal ( @jdelreal ) February 28 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Huge crowd waiting for Trump in Alabama : From Madison ,   Alabama   —    thousands waiting for a Donald Trump Alabama pic . twitter .    Alabama    Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) February 28 Trump 
 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump 