Friday on " Democracy Now , " liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said the low    turnout in early voting for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was " a huge fire siren going off in the Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign . "   Partial transcript as fallows : liberal filmmaker Michael Moore : Yes . And , well —   and now she ’s not going to win without us on Tuesday . That ’s the bottom line . And she she not going to win without young people , because here ’s one thing that we us now . We us how African Americans are going to vote . We us how Hispanics are going to vote . AMY GOODMAN : Are you concerned polls say that —    MICHAEL liberal filmmaker Michael Moore We know us women are going to vote . AMY GOODMAN AMY GOODMAN —   not as many African Americans African Americans out in early voting as it was expected ? MICHAEL MOORE liberal filmmaker Michael Moore . That ’s why —   that ’s why today Hillary Clinton is going to Detroit , when she should n’t have to Hillary Clinton there , but she has to go there Hillary Clinton because in Detroit —   one of Detroit polls I read from Detroit is that she had Detroit 11 points Hillary Clinton    voters in Detroit . Not that they Detroit going to Trump , but just they ’re probably not going they vote . Yes , there ’s a huge fire siren going off in the Clinton campaign , because , Hillary Clinton again , they ’ve ignored certain constituencies they they should n’t have ignored they and they took it for granted they And they treated Bernie very poorly they the primaries about somehow she was for African Americans and he was n’t , or Bernie you know , when —   I mean , his whole history , from Bernie time he was in college getting Bernie at civil rights demonstrations , you know , and when she , in her freshman she , she she the head of she college Republicans . So , I felt bad for him that he just had Bernie suffer Bernie all those things he did as a young Bernie to stand up , you know , when it was n’t popular , in 1963 , to stand up for certain things . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 