Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s campaign stated Wednesday in a press release ’s campaign raised $ 51 million from fundraising in the last week of May through the month of June . This comes after ’s campaign had been widely criticized for being behind presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in fundraising numbers last month . [ According to the ’s campaign it received ’s campaign 26 million from fundraising emails and efforts .   " This was made possible with over 400 , 000 supporters , with 94 % of our supporters giving under $ 200 , " the campaign press release states . It continues This The first email solicitation , which contained an unprecedented $ 2 million match from Donald J. Trump , exceeded our goal our collecting over $ 3 million in contributions in one day . Donald J. Donald J. Trump $ 3 . 8 million to the campaign ’s campaign which brings total contributions to $ 55 million . The results from this month show the enthusiastic this month campaign has ’s campaign People want to invest in a better future for America and Make America Great Again ! The campaign very America ’s campaign broad support . The Republican National Committee ( RNC ) with the Trump campaign , held ’s campaign . These Donald J. Trump took place " throughout the country for Trump 22 fundraising events with contributions exceeding $ ’s campaign ( which includes the last week of May and June ) . The Campaign is committed to working with the ’s campaign support its important operations for the Republican Party . RNC fundraising efforts came from Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and the RNC ’s Lew Eisenberg over a short period of time . " We just started our fundraising efforts in the last week of May and we Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and the RNC’s Lew Eisenberg extremely pleased Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and the RNC’s Lew Eisenberg the    support in the last five weeks for Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and the RNC’s Lew Eisenberg Trump Campaign and Trump Victory . We want to thank our many volunteers and contributors that are committed to electing Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and the RNC’s Lew Eisenberg J. Trump as Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and the RNC’s Lew Eisenberg in November , " Mnuchin stated in the press release . 
 