The terrorist attack in Orlando that ended 49 lives is another reminder of the threat we face from Radical Islam .   There is a deadly element of Islam spreading like a cancer throughout our country and we must unite to confront it .   [ Democrats’ bludgeoning of Americans with political correctness has weakened our resolve .    Their hesitation to confront Radical Islam , or even utter the term , has emboldened the jihadists   —    and not for the first time .   During Bill Clinton ’s presidency , Islamic terrorists perpetrated the following attacks against America :   1 ) 1993 World Trade Center bombing 2 ) 1996 Khobar Towers 3 ) 1998 Embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania 4 ) 2000 bombing of the USS Cole .   Each attack was followed with little to no response .   Islamic terrorists felt victorious .   They Islamic terrorists invincible .   And even worse , they Islamic terrorists not fear us .   This of course culminated in the    attacks .   Ironically , the day before    President Clinton told an audience that he President Clinton could have killed " September 11th mastermind Osama Bin Laden in 1998 . The the day 2 , 977 Americans were killed by Bin Laden ’s    terrorist group .   Under the Obama presidency we have endured attacks on Ft . Hood , Benghazi , Boston , Chattanooga , San Bernardino , and now Orlando .    In 2009 , President Obama referred Obama massacre at Ft . Hood that killed 13 Americans as " workplace violence " . Benghazi was blamed on a " YouTube " video .   At every turn , President Obama and Hillary Clinton have been soft on terror and refused to utter the words " Radical Islam " as the jihadist death march against America continues .   President Obama even naively referred to the Islamic State as a " JV team " .   Incredibly , he and Hillary Clinton President Obama increasing Hillary Clinton to America despite known ISIS pledges to exploit the America and universal agreement that we can not vet these individuals   —    how delusional .       President Obama and Hillary Clinton have irresponsibly exploited terror attacks to Hillary Clinton agenda of Democrats by calling for things such as gun control .   Maybe Secretary Clinton has never heard of suicide bombers . Hillary Clinton she forgets that nearly 3 , 000 Americans were murdered Hillary Clinton    without a single shot being fired .   We can not afford another terror denier as commander in chief .   History repeats itself .   Their political correctness and willful blindness leaves them talking in circles and Americans dead .   In Their fashion , Hillary delivered a speech on Monday blaming the Orlando terror Hillary Clinton on gun control .   There were some words about combating terrorism , but if Hillary is going to have credibility , the Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton stop accepting blood money from countries that export terror , oppress women and persecute gays .   Donald Trump has promised to use every tool at our disposal to go after Radical Islam .   He the Clinton Foundation to Americans with unequivocal clarity at a time Donald Trump clarity is required .   Americans know that Mr. Trump is right when he says we must " Donald Trump very tough , very Donald Trump and very vigilant . "   His plan to temporarily suspend immigration from areas with a " Donald Trump history of terrorism " could not be any more common sense .   I filed a bill to temporarily suspend the refugee resettlement program last December for the same reason . President Obama will say that rhetoric from some on the right is dangerous , but what ’s more dangerous is sitting idle as Islamic Extremists slaughter innocent Americans .   America can not afford another four years of willful blindness in the fight against Radical Islam .   President Obama and Hillary Clinton continue to endanger American lives with their politically correct assault on our common sense .   We President Obama and Hillary Clinton a decisive leader who will act in the best President Obama and Hillary Clinton of this country to keep Americans safe .   We need Donald America 
 President Obama and Hillary Clinton 