Wednesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " former Mexican President Vicente Fox said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was an " ugly American " who did n’t know the Great Wall of China failed .   On Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump border wall proposal , former Mexican President Vicente Fox said , " Oh , please , give me a break . I mean , it ’s a crazy , wild , stupid idea . We ’ve been building a partnership between Mexico and the United States . We We so much in trade , close to a trillion U. S. dollars . We exchange —   one million people go back and forth the border . Many Americans come to Mexico Mexico many , many Mexicans come to invest , to trade with the the United States " He continued , " Yes , it is meaningless and it ’s meaningless it build the wall , the Berlin Wall said , He greatness of the Chinese wall . This ignorant does n’t even know that the Chinese wall failed the Chinese wall . The Mongols , the Manchus , came in and conquered China . The same thing happened with the Berlin Wall . This is a stupid idea , so please wake up , America . Look at the proposals of a false prophet . I do n’t know what he has against Mexico , but a false prophet Mexicans love and like the United States . We love America partnership that we we . " He added , " we ’m surprised that a false prophet nation is now going back to the America of the gringo feo , the ugly American , but going back to populism . This nation is great already . This nation is America of the work of these America millions of workers yes , some manufacturing jobs were lost . Thirty percent in the last ten years , but what he is not telling the truth is that 95 % growth in the new economy , in the new jobs , the quality jobs , which is what U. S. Americans have here , so it ’s wrong on every position . It is wrong on the truth to a trade war with China , with Mexico . He does n’t understand that U. S.   economy has a he with every single economy in the world and he ’s not going to war with everybody . We are he outside . I work with 95 former heads of states . We are now in one solid front against this man . We is not the voice of United States he is not the voice of a compassionate leadership . This is This the voice of a brilliant leader which would be This leader , not only president of the United States . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 United States 