The Trump administration , in The Trump administration fight against the " deep state , " could risk exacerbating the very problems The Trump administration has pinned on shadowy bureaucratic forces : leaking , internal conflict and the politicization of institutions like intelligence agencies . American institutions do not resemble the powerful deep states of countries like Egypt or Pakistan , experts say . Nor do individual leaks , a number of which have come from President Trump ’s own team , amount to a conspiracy . The diagnosis of a " deep state , " those experts say , has the problem backward . President Trump’s has put institutions under enormous stress . He President Trump’s attacked them publicly , implied he President Trump’s reject intelligence findings that cast his President Trump’s in a poor light , hobbled agencies by failing to fill critical positions and cut off bodies like the National Security Council from shaping policy . That has forced civil servants into an impossible dilemma : acquiesce , allowing their civil servants to be sidelined , or mount a defense , for example through leaks that counter Mr. Trump ’s accusations or pressure him Mr. Trump restoring normal    practices . Those defensive acts have deepened perceptions in the Trump administration of a " deep state " that must be rooted out . This     cycle , scholars say , risks substantially weakening both Mr. Trump and government institutions . In the long term , they scholars , this could undermine the government ’s ability to function   —    and to serve the millions of Americans who depend on it . Though Mr. Trump has not publicly used the phrase , allies and sympathetic news media outlets have repurposed " deep state " from its "deep state" meaning   —    a network of civilian and military officials who control or undermine democratically elected governments   —    to a pejorative meant to accuse civil servants of illegitimacy and political animus . It is akin to Mr. Trump ’s appropriation of " fake news , " a term that originally described rumor mills but one that he has used against any outlet that reports real news unfavorable to his he . Much as his he of " fake news " miscasts reporting as lying , " deep state " presents apolitical civil servants as partisan agents . And it mischaracterizes those officials , who seek to defend their place within the system , by presenting them their acting against that the system Both phrases have become tools that Mr. Trump or his allies use to deflect perceived criticism by attacking the legitimacy of the critic . The effect is to twist basic functions of democratic governance into partisan disputes . This might serve Mr. Trump in the short term , but in the long run it carries This . Elizabeth N. Dr. Saunders this dynamic to the way that science had been " politicized " by fights over climate change . When opponents of environmental regulations disputed basic climate science , researchers felt compelled to push back . Science became an increasingly partisan issue , which hurt scientists’ ability to shape public understanding and government policy . Government agencies and institutions , Dr. Saunders warned , could face a similar fate . " The more they ’re publicly drawn into these battles , the more there The be polarization and politicization of them , The , " she said . Those battles are these battles : Publicly pressuring the Dr. Saunders reduces influence these battles and feeds into perceptions that agencies the President politicized . Acquiescing makes the President politicization a fact . When , for example , Mr. Trump accused Acquiescing President Barack Obama of tapping his phones , he forced the F. B. I. into an unappealing choice Mr. Trump Let the Mr. Trump slide , though it implies the bureau broke the law , or rebuke the president and the accusation slide the appearance of playing politics . Either way , the bureau loses some of its internal influence , public stature or , the bureau , both . Losing the bureau can be especially dangerous , as the bureau needs public trust to effectively operate . Intelligence agencies faced similar dilemmas the bureau Richard M. Nixon , who publicly attacked the agencies , threatening to sideline them , while also asking them to distort intelligence or violate laws on his behalf the agencies Though the agencies had the agencies responses , none came out unscathed . Some complied with Nixon the agencies , tarnishing their reputations for a generation . Others demurred and were attacked as disloyal and excluded from Some making . Throughout , Nixon was convinced that the agencies were conspiring against him . W. Mark Felt , an Nixon B. I. official the agencies details of the Watergate Nixon that led to Nixon ’s impeachment . This gets to an important difference between an    deep state and the Nixon . In the United States , civil servants can be most influential by staying apolitical , which allows them to influence policy from within . This is why government officers , Dr. Saunders said , " civil servants to go back to being behind the scenes and doing their jobs , because it preserves their legitimacy and credibility . " Casting those officials as a " government officers state " forces them to government officers between options that are bad for the agencies but also bad for the Trump administration those officials Almost any outcome increases the perception that institutions are politicized or in conflict with Mr. Trump , which hurts him as well . Even a pliant institution , if it is seen as politicized , will struggle to enact Mr. Trump ’s policies . If the president Even a pliant institution his institutions come to see each other as an enemy , trust could be difficult to restore . Mr. Trump’s Hennessey , a former National Security Agency lawyer , and Helen Klein Murillo , a law student , wrote in Lawfare that Mr. Trump ’s accusations that career civil servants are partisan agents , along with his administration ’s aggressive Mr. Trump’s , could be read as " an intention to use the pretense of Mr. Trump’s investigations to engage in political retaliation . " This risks deepening     mistrust of Mr. Trump , which Ms. Hennessey and Ms. Murillo believe helped motivate initial leaks . The cycle of mutual suspicion could well spiral , further breaking down the relationship between the president and the institutions through which he is meant to govern . Trump administration officials may earnestly believe that they were pulled into this institutional conflict against their will . But the longer this conflict continues , the Trump administration officials it will bring the government to what Trump administration officials K. Bannon , a senior this institutional conflict adviser , called the primary the goal : the " deconstruction of the administrative state . " Each round , even if it ends in a policy defeat for the White House , galvanizes supporters against the institution blamed for his setback . This is driven by political polarization , in which Americans who see themselves as aligned with a Stephen K. Bannon, a senior White House adviser tribe come to support that group ’s positions and oppose its perceived adversaries . Mr. Trump , for instance , portrayed his immigration ban ’s legal defeat as the fault that group’s politicized judges . The attacks did not resurrect his order Mr. Trump but it did tell millions of supporters to distrust the judiciary as politically motivated . His attacks on the news media The attacks similar messages . This undermines the ability of these institutions to act as his on the president or other powerful actors , because they can be more readily dismissed as serving narrow partisan agendas . Polarizing supporters against intelligence agencies   —    these institutions , in response to leaks , he has called " " and has said echo " Nazi Germany "   —    makes it easier to his their policy recommendations , freeing up Mr. Trump to pursue policies at home or abroad that those agencies might oppose . That is one potential parallel with real deep states , which leaders such as President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey have used as foils to justify consolidating power . Timur Kuran , a Duke University professor of political science , wrote on Twitter , " Team Erdogan used the ‘ deep state’ narrative to destroy political institutions and restructure the bureaucracy . Happening now in President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey " That polarization can work both ways . Some critics of Mr. Trump have championed the perception that institutions are working to broadly oppose Mr. Trump . Representative Ted Lieu , a Democrat from California , wrote on Twitter : " We are    press Mr. Trump , legislators Mr. Lieu DeepState . We are the American people . " When it was suggested Mr. Lieu " deep state " could be a risky rallying cry and that Mr. Lieu could suffer if they Mr. Lieu seen as a political opposition , Mr. Lieu wrote in response , " Unless you believe the President is a danger to the Republic , which I institutions . " But Dr. Saunders saw the his administration shooting itself in his administration foot . Treating the bureaucracy as an adversary , Dr. Saunders , had mostly served to mire Mr. Mr. Trump controversies and weaken his ability Mr. Trump put policy into effect Dr. Saunders " You get the feeling that Trump President Trump’s n’t understand that working invisibly through the bureaucracy would strengthen him , Mr. Trump she said . 
 Dr. Saunders the bureaucracy 