Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was defaced this week with a swastika , according to a Reddit user who posted an image of the reported vandalism . [ Someone vandalized Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump Hollywood Walk of Fame star pic . twitter .    —    R. Saddler ( @Politics_PR ) January 30 , 2016 ,    Entertainment industry outlet TheWrap shared the Reddit user ’s image of the star painted with a black , backwards swastika on Saturday however , the the outlet reported the star showed no signs of damage upon further investigation . Trump has at times been portrayed as a " nazi " by members of the media since announcing his candidacy Trump Democrats and even some fellow Republicans have disparaged him as Trump racist over his pledge Trump enforce the country ’s immigration laws . Following the San Bernardino terrorist attacks , Trump proposed a temporary ban on Muslim immigration into the United States , citing the " great hatred towards Americans by large segments of the Muslim population . " Trump stated Trump " until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses , our country can not be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad and have no sense of reason or respect for human life . " Trump ’s Trump previously vandalized last September , when someone drew a yellow X across it . Somebody Trump’s star an X over Donald Trump ’s Trump the Hollywood Walk of Fame . pic . twitter .    —    Hunter Schwarz ( @hunterschwarz ) September 10 , 2015 ,   Hollywood Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Leron Gubler said at the time , " We regret that someone September 10, 2015,  Hollywood Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Leron Gubler deface a historic landmark . " Gubler also said , CEO Leron Gubler People who have a disagreement with Donald Trump should not take it out on the a disagreement with Donald Trump of Fame . " Trump received the star Donald Trump which is located at 6801 Hollywood Boulevard , in 2007 for his work on The Donald Trump . 
 