Why does the mainstream media heap such scorn and disbelief on Donald Trump over Donald Trump promise to build a great wall along the border with Mexico   —    and make Mexico pay for it ? After all , Donald Trump has built a winning presidential campaign   —    and made the media pay for it a winning presidential campaign   [ Mr. Donald Trump second place finish in Iowa gave respite to the legions of media pundits and establishment flunkies who suffer the worst forms of Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome . They braced the legions of media pundits and establishment flunkies who suffer the worst forms of Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome a huge    win in the Corn State . When it did n’t happen , it was like an executioner ’s gun jamming . First they flinched the legions of media pundits and establishment flunkies who suffer the worst forms of Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome then they blinked the legions of media pundits and establishment flunkies who suffer the worst forms of Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome few times and then got up and ran like their hair the legions of media pundits and establishment flunkies who suffer the worst forms of Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome on fire .   Ever since , of course , they have the legions of media pundits and establishment flunkies who suffer the worst forms of Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome gloating and crowing   —    from a safe distance   —    that Donald Trump failed . King Midas had finally touched something and turned it into King Midas , instead of gold . This , to be sure , is every bit as delusional as the derangement syndrome that has captivated their sanity for six months now . What Donald Trump Donald Trump in Iowa was nothing short of miraculous . The last time a secular , loud , brash New Yorker who was leading in all the national polls faced Iowa Republican voters Iowa —    former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani in 2008   —    he got truly former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani in 2008  —    . Mr. Giuliani came former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani in 2008  —    place with only 4 percent of the vote . Donald Trump came Donald Trump place with an astonishing 24 percent of the vote . He was the vote Donald Trump 3 percentage points behind Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who won the race by shamelessly pandering to the state ’s huge evangelical population , which has determined the outcome of every Republican caucus there since at least 2000 . If Rudy Giuliani had done Donald Trump in Iowa as Trump did , the media Donald Trump have declared him the winner and he Donald Trump likely would rushed Donald Trump New Hampshire and South Carolina on waves of positive press and his ultimate gambit of winning Donald Trump all in Florida very likely could have worked . In other words , if Mr. Giuliani had done as Donald Trump Mr. Trump did in Iowa , we quite possibly would be referring to him now as former President Giuliani Donald Trump But the media hatred for Mr. Trump is so unrestrained that even a Mr. Trump like he had in Iowa was dismissed as a shattering Mr. Trump . And Iowa Marco Rubio ’s third place loss behind Mr. Trump was spun endlessly as some kind of Mr. Trump . This propelled the Florida Republican , until his poor performance in last weekend ’s robotic performance in Mr. Trump New Hampshire debate . What is so amazing about Mr. Trump ’s blowout in the nation ’s first primary Mr. Trump Granite State is not just the     win over the    competitor , but his performance among every demographic group on every single issue . Mr. Trump women ,    voters , the elderly , the educated   —    all people the experts warned would flee from Donald Trump   —    Mr. Trump managed to win . Mr. Trump on every major issue , including the economy , foreign policy Mr. Trump immigration . Perhaps the sweetest thing out of New Hampshire is how the media will be forced to spin the results . They will , of course , try to minimize Mr. Trump ’s thumping the media Then they will be forced to breathe wind Mr. Trump Gov. John Kasich ’s disappointing the media —    but surprising   —      finish . The Kasich campaign is hopeless going forward . And so the battle rages on for the    " establishment lane " with Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and even Ted Cruz piled up behind John Kasich ’s hopeless campaign . Live by the spin , die by the John Kasich Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com . Follow him the spin at @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 