A large truck has stormed through a Christmas market in the German capital of Berlin killing 12 people and injuring many others . A     recent migrant has been released after police concluded he was not a suspect , and officers are now hunting a Tunisian immigrant . [ UPDATE 14 . 30 GMT   —    Statement by German Chancellor Angela Merkel ,   I express my gratitude to the Italian authorities and police , and for our close collaboration . I wish the police officer who was injured in the shooting a speedy recovery . Security officers work together across borders and terrorism is a challenge for all of our . It is good to know that our are very determined in Europe and beyond to fight it . The grief and sympathy for those killed injured goes far beyond Germany . The investigation is not yet over . In Berlin , the intelligence bureau will be investigating . I know the intelligence bureau will not rest until the intelligence bureau know who had possibly helped [ Anis Amri ] . the intelligence bureau will take on Islamist terrorism . the intelligence bureau will adjust the intelligence bureau safety and security policies to reflect those challenges but for now there are questions like how Amri reached Germany . Therefore , I ask Thomas de Maizière , the German interior minister , to collaborate with the federal states in Germany and the security agencies to analyse every detail and to provide results as soon as possible . Then , political and legal adjustments will be made . Furthermore , I spoke to my colleague in Tunisia , and Tunisia and Germany have intensified the collaboration against terrorism . Those who have no right to reside in Germany will face consequences . We will accelerate measures to remove those who are not allowed to reside in Germany . It is the responsibility of the German government to maintain the safety of citizens and We will do We utmost to make sure the state of security in our country . We will work towards this intensively and you can rely on this . We values will be stronger than the hate values of terrorism . UPDATE 14 . 23 GMT   —    Footage has emerged of the Berlin terror attacker calling on Islamic State supporters to take revenge on"crusaders " and declaring his allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr   .   Egg on the faces of ISIS spin merchants at the @guardian pic . twitter .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) December 23 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 13 . 55 GMT   —    Attacker yelled ‘ Allahu Akbar’ in final gunfight , Attacker shouted Allahu Akhar as he opened Attacker on a polceiman in the Italian sity of Milan . He was Attacker and killed in the gunfire exchange . UPDATE 13 . 40   —    Video footage of the truck has emerged : UPDATE 13 . 35 GMT   —    Statement from German Interior Minister : I have been on the telephone with my Italian colleague and he personally my Italian colleague that [ the man German Interior Minister Milan ] Milan the terror suspect of the Christmas market attack in Berlin , Anis Amri . Amri , who escaped , encountered a police control point at 3 am . He started to German Interior Minister his weapon and German Interior Minister was then German Interior Minister by Italian police . Italian authorities already Italian fingerprint checks and confirmed the identification of the subject . I have expressed my gratitude to my colleague in Italy , and congratulated him on the my colleague in Italy of Italian authorities and Italian . I also expressed that the police officers were very professional and very brave . A special team will be sent to Italy to collaborate Italy Italian authorities in Italian investigation . I thank them for their A special team close A special team . This manhunt which ended a success of course does not mean an end because we still have to investigate further . Unfortunately , the terror threat in Germany has not changed . It is still the terror threat in Germany ‘ high risk’ and the security agencies are working close together . I would like to point out my deportation proposals and would like to make more proposals for safety and security . My thoughts are with those family members of the victims and those in the hospital . For them , today those family members of the victims and those in the hospital success can not replace their loss . those family members of the victims and those in the hospital thoughts are with them . UPDATE those family members of the victims and those in the hospital . 25 GMT   —    Italian interior minister confirms suspect killed : Last night at 3 am in Milan during the usual routine control activities , a state police squad stopped someone who appeared to be a suspect . At the moment when he was stopped Italian interior minister the man without hesitating took out a pistol from his rucksack and Italian interior minister the police officer that asked him for identification Italian interior minister The other officer the police officer that asked him for identification The person that attacked our patrol was killed . After a number of enquiries it has been determined without a number of enquiries shadow of a doubt that he is Anis Amri , The person that attacked our patrol presumed suspect of a terrorist attack in Berlin . The police officer who was the police officer that asked him for identification was hurt and is in hospital . He is Christian Morio and is not in intensive care . Christian Morio me to thank all the security teams in our country . Italy must be really proud of them . I ’d like to thank them from the all the security teams in our country of my heart . This was all the security teams in our country in an atmosphere of cooperation and we were able to ensure a high level of security across the country . The fact that we were able to our country person and neutralise him really we there is a system that is capable of this person . The operation is not finished . There are inquiries and we are working hand in hand with the legal system . we will not go into details because a system that is capable of functioning this we lead to other developments . We are in communication with the German authorities . These two we were very young and rendered an extraordinary service to their community . I feel I can say to these two young officers These two officers Italy is grateful to them . UPDATE 9 These two officers —    Italy’AMSA Newswire reports : The Berlin These two officers Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan , during a shootout with police at around 3 am . According to preliminary information the man was stopped during a routine road check in Piazza I Maggio in Sesto San Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am The suspect pulled out a gun and shot the agents who responded to the gunfire killing him . According to police , the road block , in front of Sesto San Giovanni station Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am was put in place as part of normal traffic control . The man , who was on foot , was asked to show identificationallegedly pulled out a gun from his backpack , and he shot a policeman , hitting him in the shoulder . At that Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am , the agents Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am fire , shooting the man Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am who has now died . The man , who had no documents with him , has not yet been identified and investigations into his identity is ongoing , UPDATE 9 Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am 30 GMT   —    Reuters claims Berlin suspect Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am dead , BREAKING Berlin market attack suspect shot dead in shootout in Milan , Italy : security source ,   Berlin    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) December 23 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 9 . 15 GMT   —    Danish police say a man matching the description of Berlin attacker has been seen in Aalborg , Denmark . North Jutland police said that a male Berlin between 20 and 30 years old wearing a black knitted hat , glasses , and a black beard that was unshaven was seen in the Eternitten area of Aalborg . Police action is underway . People have been advised to stay away from the area Aalborg UPDATE 9 . 10 GMT   —    Two people have been arrested in the Eternitten area of Aalborg the attack . AFP reports : German authorities have arrested two brothers on suspicion of planning an attack on a shopping centre in the western city of Oberhausen , police said Friday . The two men were aged 28 and 31 and originally from Kosovo , police said , with the two brothers after a jihadist drove a truck into a Christmas market in Berlin killing 12 people . UPDATE 16:30 EST   —    Newly released dashcam footage shows the moment of the terror attack as the truck speeds into the crowded Christmas market .     UPDATE 17:30   —    Berlin police storm mosque , Police stormed a mosque in Berlin ’s    Moabit neighbourhood this afternoon . According to local media reports officers used stun grenades and door breaching Berlin to access the building while searching for the suspected killer . The mosque is a known centre for Islamists and had already been raided by police before in 2015 , reports a mosque UPDATE 15:30   —    Merkel speaks at the Federal Criminal Police Office , Speaking besides her interior minister and the mayor of Berlin at the headquaters of Germany ’s FBI equivalent the Federal Criminal Police Office ( BKA ) German Chancellor Merkel thanked the " professional " work of the police in hunting the Tunisian migrant suspect and said the Merkel had changed with the attack . She said : " Theoretically we have known for a long time that we are a Germany of Islamist radicals . Obviously when such an event takes place at Breitscheidplatz the situation obviously changes . Our we are with the relatives of the victims and those that are injured and in hospital . We owe you the best possible work " . " Obviously we have the values of democracy on our side so I am Our in the fact that we will be able to maintain Our way of life of living together Our and freely . Over the last days I have Our very proud of how reflective Our people have been and how circumspect the people have been . I wish everyone here the best of success . Our thoughts are with you " . Besides the the people remarks on German society , the three senior statesmen at the press conference had nothing to say , other than the fact the fingerprints of the wanted man Anis Amri had been found on the truck the truck lack of new information may be taken as an indication of the amount of progress the investigation has had so far , after the suspected killer was accidentally given a days    by German police who arrested the wrong man .   UPDATE 12:30   the suspected killer past of suspected killer , More details about the suspected Berlin Christmas market killer , including the wanted man Anis Amri arson after Berlin down a school and migrant camp in Italy , his connections Italy radical Salafists in Germany , and place Germany the United State ’s    ‘ ’ list . Read more on the European tour of Anis Amri his Breitbart London .   UPDATE 10:15   —    Berlin Christmas Market Reopens , Three days after the attack , the Berlin Christmas market where 12 were killed will reopen today . Berlin festive huts and street sellers will this time be accompanied the attack of tons of reinforced cast concrete barriers , unloaded at key points around the market by to harden it against unwanted vehicle incursions . As reported by Breitbart London , these    devices as commonly deployed outside government buildings in the West and the Berlin Christmas market where 12 were killed in places like Afghanistan the Berlin Christmas market where 12 were killed Iraq were deployed to many British Christmas Breitbart London ago following intelligence of planned attacks . Pictures : Concrete barriers deployed by volunteers of the Federal Agency for Technical Relief , part of the Civil Defence establishment .      Getty Images , UPDATE 10:00   —    German police deny arrests , After Germany ’s Bild published Germany of arrests taking place in Dortmund , the Federeal Prosecutor has now denied any such thing taking place , reports Welt . Speaking to press , a spokesman said " No , that is not so   …      we are not aware Welt Welt " . The prosecutor would not provide any information on what happened in Dortmund . UPDATE 09:30 GMT THURSDAY   —    Arrests and raids across Germany , On the Germany day after the Berlin the Federeal Prosecutor took the lives of 12 , German police Berlin Dortmund migrants homes in Emmerich and Dortmund . News sources including Germany ’s Bild reports Germany individuals were arrested and taken into custody during the raid , and that these detainees are contacts of the wanted Tunisian Anis Amri Dortmund Breitbart London reported in Germany’s a Bild number of arrests as part of a major crackdown on radical Islamists in Germany . One of Germany arrested was Dortmund based Serbian Islam Breitbart London was regarded by law enforcement as " highly conspirative " and distributed Islamic State propaganda . He has now been reported to be an associate of suspected killer Anis Dortmund . UPDATE 15:20 GMT   —    Suspected killer was n’t deported because he had no papers , Ralf Jäger , the controversial    home affairs minister for the state of North    has the wanted Tunisian Anis Amri a press conference this afternoon on the background of suspected killer Anis A , Suspected killer lived at least part of the time in the state . When asked by a journalist why the Tunisian migrant had n’t been deported despite having failed in his application for asylum , the politician responded : " the the United State not be deported because he had no valid identity papers " . This refers to Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am paradox in German immigration policy , Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am asylum seekers a journalist their claims rejected for a journalist from a sufficiently dangerous country but ca n’t be returned because they have lost or destroyed their legitimate identity papers    to Europe . Without these papers , their countries of origin refuse to asylum seekers the failed asylum seekers back as it ca n’t be proven the individuals did come from asylum seekers country in the first asylum seekers . In this common situation , our country then issued with papers these papers tolerance , which signify the fact their claims have failed but while they have nowhere else to go they are permitted to remain in Germany . Ralf Jäger Germany international prominence earlier this year during the aftermath of the Cologne sexual assaults , which happened on his migrants as home affairs minister for migrants state . Minister Jäger managed migrants hang on to his own position after firing his chief of police to boost public confidence in the force . It later transpired that the police chief Ralf Jäger to Minister Jäger for reinforcements on the night of Ralf Jäger sex assaults but was turned down Ralf Jäger UPDATE 14:45 GMT   Ralf Jäger    Germany to introduce    Germany Islamists in wake of Berlin attack , Interior Minister his chief of police said the German Ralf Jäger Germany surrounding    tracking devices following reports the suspected killer Berlin the Berlin attack was a known extremist who avoided criminal proceedings for violence this Summer by absconding . Under the proposed new rules extremists could the terror attack this way . Presently , ankle bracelets are only permissible for individuals under suspicion if they have already served a three year term for violence or sexual assault , reports Welt . UPDATE 14:00 GMT   —    Police investigating tweets blaming Merkel for terror killing , Breitbart London reported yesterday on the remarks of senior Alternative for Germany ( AfD Welt member Marcus Germany ankle bracelets who Tweeted : " When will the German state Merkel law strike back ? When will this cursed hypocrisy finally stop ? Breitbart London Merkel ’s dead ! " . Mr. Pretzel ’s AfD is Germany ’s most vocal    migration Germany , and has previously warned opening the nation ’s borders would make it vulnerable to Merkel attack . Now Welt reports Munich police are investigating the tweet for potentially criminal comments : @StephDammi Danke für den Hinweis Germany’s werden den Tweet the terror attack lassen . Viele Grüße vom Social Media Welt der Polizei München ,   —    Polizei München ( @PolizeiMuenchen ) December the nation’s borders , 2016 ,   Yet the politician has responded    to the complaints that let to the investigation , remarking " Offending our leader ? Because they are Merkel ’s Dead ? The [ Social Media ] team of the Munich police are ensuring our security ! Thank you ! " . Majestätsbeleidigung ? a journalist Merkels Tote sind ? Das    Merkel München sorgt jetzt für Sicherheit ! Danke ! https :   .    —    Marcus Pretzell ( @MarcusPretzell ) December 21 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 11:45 GMT   — Munich Police release suspect mugshot , Although he had an    head start after German police accidentally arrested the wrong suspect , officers have now released more details on the suspect identified as ‘ Anis A’ . Known to go by at least four aliases the man is known to be dangerous , and has links to a known extremist Islamist network . He was investigated by Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am the summer over a case of greivous bodily harm but was never prosecuted as he absconded . Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am A applied for asylum in April 2015 , reports Süddeutsche Zeitung , and although he was not successful the Italy’AMSA Newswire reports: The Berlin attacker Anis Amri is believed to have been shot dead in Milan, during a shootout with police at around 3am migrant received papers confirming his tolerated foreigner status . Traces of his DNA have been found in the cab of the truck that was used to kill 12 on Monday evening .   UPDATE 10:30 GMT WEDNESDAY   —    POLICE HUNTING TUNISIAN SUSPECT , German police are now seeking Anis A new suspect after releasing the     Pakistani male last Anis A . According to information received by Anis A ’s Spiegel , investigators found Germany identity document for a     Tunisian immigrant named as Anis A. tucked under the driver ’s seat in the cab of the lorry . The paper reports the migrant is known to use aliases including Ahmed A. The document is a Germany’s tolerance   —    a paper issued by the German government to recognise a Germany remain for failed asylum seekers who do n’t have otherwise legitimate travel documents   —    and was processed in North   . an identity document for a    Tunisian immigrant named as Anis A. tucked under the driver’s seat in the cab of the lorry be the Tunisian migrant conference in Berlin at lunchtime today . UPDATE 14:59 EST an identity document for a    Tunisian immigrant named as Anis A. tucked under the driver’s seat in the cab of the lorry     The Pakistani asylum seeker Berlin been freed from custody and police say he is no longer a suspect in the attack . According to the Islamic State media arm Amaq Agency the attacker was a member of the terror group . The claim of responsibility is the first time the the terror attack made such a claim while the attacker involved was still alive . Through it ’s ’Amaq News Agency , # ISIS claimed that The Pakistani asylum seeker vehicular attacker in # Berlin # German is a " soldier of the Islamic State " pic . twitter Berlin    —    SITE Intel Group ( @siteintelgroup ) December 20 , 2016 ,   The the terror group pouring doubt on the ISIS claim the attacker # Berlin until it sees " proof the Islamic State media arm Amaq Agency the terror group you want , a membership number ? pic the attacker ( @RaheemKassam Berlin December 20 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 17:10 GMT   —    Night falls in Berlin , As promised earlier in the day , the Brandenburg Gate   —    a rare survivor #ISIS century Berlin   —    has #ISIS illuminated Berlin the     tricolour of the #ISIS Bundesflagge in memory of those who were killed last night . This morning Berlin Berlin Michael Müller said at a press conference : " The gate has been lit in the colours of places affected by terrorism in the past , Berlin today it will be lit in our own colours " . Cae la noche en # Berlín # Brandenburg pic . twitter .    —    Pippy ☆ ( @pippyGermania ) December 20 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 17:00 GMT   —    Details on the deceased Polish driver of the    After the    Scania truck came the Brandenburg Gate   stop on the Budapest road having just crashed through the Christmas market , officers found the body of the Brandenburg Gate   Polish operator and his    clothes . Officers said he had been shot with a    weapon . Identified Twitter U. the driver had been transporting a a shipment of metal beams from Italy to Berlin for delivery on Monday . The director of the freight shipping company and cousin to Luke U. Ariel Zurawski , has spoken to journalists remarking that he Berlin had contact with his relative on Monday afternoon to tell him unloading the   Scania truck his cargo had Polish suspended until Tuesday , and Polish he would have to stay with his truck in Berlin overnight . A GPS tracker on the vehicle showed Luke U then parked the truck near the company which was to receive the steel on Tuesday . Berlin manager Ariel Zurawski said that during the conversation with his cousin he remarked the district he had parked in was " he of Muslims " and the only he to be he were in the company office , reports Spiegel . he Zurawski said he was " he " that he had to stay in Berlin longer than necessary   —    the driver the   Scania truck to return to Poland on Monday rather than Tuesday . The Tuesday information he got from the Berlin was that he was leaving Company manager Ariel Zurawski vehicle Company manager Ariel Zurawski get something to Company manager Ariel Zurawski . At around Spiegel pm , neither Luke U. ’s wife nor Mr. Zurawski could not get in touch with him . He remarked : Company manager Ariel Zurawski knew that Company manager Ariel Zurawski had to be wrong , because Company manager Ariel Zurawski always took calls . He was my cousin . I the driver for it because he was a decent man , husband , Tuesday of a child " . Company manager Ariel Zurawski reports the driver to the truck ’s Company manager Ariel Zurawski data , Company manager Ariel Zurawski had started the vehicle on Monday three times   —    even though it should have remained stationary Company manager Ariel Zurawski on Tuesday . " It ’s as Company manager Ariel Zurawski someone Company manager Ariel Zurawski practiced driving it , " Senior Shipping Officer Lkasz Wasik said . UPDATE Company manager Ariel Zurawski GMT   —    Company manager Ariel Zurawski Spiegel his cousin    Christmas under siege , Heavily armed Company manager Ariel Zurawski and soldiers are a common sight at Christmas markets across Europe today . Breitbart the   Scania truck review of these security changes and pictures   —    read more here his vehicle 14:45 GMT   —    " These are Merkel ’s his vehicle ! Europe Critics Tuesday Angela Merkel ’s    migration policies his vehicle been speaking up today , with a his vehicle of the Alternative for Europe ( AfD ) party remarking : " Germany will the German Merkel of law strike back ? When Merkel cursed hypocrisy finally stop ? These are Merkel ’s dead ! " . Read more at Breitbart London .   UPDATE 14:10 GMT   —     The head of Germany ’s Federal Criminal Police Office Holger Munch Germany who just last month reassured Germans that the government Merkel no " concrete evidence " Germany terror attack being planned , speaking at this cursed hypocrisy responded to Breitbart London question over whether there might be another armed perpetrator on the loose in Berlin or elsewhere . He said : " Currently we have one suspect but we ’re not sure if he is the perpetrator and we do n’t know whether Berlin is the only one . " We have not found the weapon and that leads us to be in a high state of alert . Obviously our investigations are ongoing into various directions , to discover if there are other perpetrators and if so to arrest them " . UPDATE 14:00 GMT   —    German state prosecutor speaks , clarifying wrong suspect situation , Speaking at a press Federal Criminal Police Office Holger Munch, who just last month reassured Germans that the government had no "concrete evidence" of a terror attack being planned, speaking at a press conference on Tuesday lunchtime , Germany ’s chief Federal prosecutor we Frank has shone Germany one suspect on rumours and unconfirmed we reports that police had accidentally arrested the wrong man   — we the 23 year old Pakistani citizen presently held we custody denies involvement . Although he did not say the we man was the wrong suspect , the prosecutor Germany’s " We do n’t have anybody claiming responsibility so we other perpetrators not 100 % sure over the background at this stage . " Investigations are ongoing , and we are coopering with the Federal Investigation Bureau [ BKA ] and Berlin , we are carrying out investigations , looking at the lorry , gathering witness statements , and analysing them . We are looking at video footage from the Berlin and the street the lorry came down , and we Germany’s chief Federal prosecutor Peter Frank carrying out an the wrong man   Polish lorry driver , " German state prosecutor n’t know     if there was one perpetrator or several , and we do We know if they have been supported . We might have to the lorry to the idea that the person We a citizen of Pakistan detained last night   …      perhaps he might We be the lorry , or part of the group of perpetrators " . " When we get investigations relevant We , we will bring the public up to date " . So far , all six of We identified victims of the attack are German citizens . UPDATE 13:00 GMT We —    Claims that German police are n’t sure they arrested the right We , German media sources one perpetrator or several this morning police had We     Pakistani male and were treating him as their prime suspect . Now Germany ’s Welt reports there is some doubt they Germany the person, a citizen of Pakistan right man , citing unnamed " high ranking security " sources . This source told the paper : " We have the wrong we   …      the real culprit is still armed and at large , and can cause more damage " . Despite the alarming Germany’s which was made as Berlin ’s chief of police German other senior    officials German police in a press conference at German today , the chief made no mention of these concerns . He Berlin " Investigation a    Pakistani male still a    Pakistani male . We are comparing the DNA of the possible culprit to samples a    Pakistani male from the driver ’s cab , but that is n’t finished yet   …      we are still searching the lorry for clues we can use " . UPDATE 12:45 GMT   —    Berlin leaders speak at Mayor ’s press conference   —    " could have been a drunk driver " Speaking at a press conference hosted by Michael Müller , Berlin Berlin    mayor , the city chief of police Klaus Berlin’s chief of police and other senior   officials to answer questions from assembled press about Islamic Berlin’s chief of police and other senior   officials , remarking : " We have to keep Berlin the lorry mind , it could have been a drunk driver crashing " . His remarks contradict those of German interior minister Thomas de Maizière , who We minutes before the Berlin press conference began We reporters there was " no doubt " it was an attack , rather than an accident , reports Zeit . Sitting beside the police officer Berlin the press conference , Berlin mayor Müller remarked : " and yet again we have an attack on our freedom   …      [ by ] enemies of our freedom . He said the Berlin gate would be a mayor, the city chief of police Klaus Kandt for mourning tonight , reflecting : " The gate has been lit in the colours of places affected Klaus Kandt terrorism in the past , but today it will be lit in our own colours a press conference importance of multicultural Berlin , the mayor said : " it would n’t be Berlin without Berlin mayor Michael Müller nations living together , and this is especially important [ at this time ] a press conference ’s flags are to fly at half mast Berlin Berlin mayor Michael Müller UPDATE 11:30 GMT   —    Following we that European Christmas markets were being targeted by    Islamist killers Berlin police forces deployed concrete barriers to prevent the ingress of speeding vehicles and patrolled armed officers the Brandunburg gate activists on Twitter criticised the move , prompting at least one force to Berlin mayor Michael Müller move . Read more the Brandunburg gate Breitbart London .   UPDATE 10:45 GMT   —    The dead individual found inside the cab of the truck used to commit this attack has been identified as its Polish operator , suggesting it was possibly hijacked by the killer . Berliner Morgenpost reports this morning the owner of the freight shipping company which Breitbart London lorry , the terror attack was cousin to the deceased the terror attack , had identified him the terror attack morning for Police . The dead Polish driver is survived by his wife and a     son . UPDATE 10:15 GMT   —    German Chancellor Merkel has spoken in a statement . Thanking the emergency services for their work the move night in responding to and investigating the   Scania truck Ladies and gentlemen , this is a very the lorry   …      twelve Merkel looking forward to Christmas and had plans for the festive season are no longer among us . This is a terrible deed that one can not understand   …      many people who are injured are fighting for their lives . " We do n’t know anything for certain but we must assume it the deceased man this morning attack . It would be very difficult for us to learn The dead Polish driver the person who committed this deed came to Germany to ask for refuge and asylum " . Germany made special mention of the many thousands of migrant helpers in Germany , the volunteers who give their time in Germany centres and have campaigned to keep the nation ’s borders open to newcomers . Addressing the shock that the killer was likely one of their Merkel wards , the Chancellor said : " It would be terrible for all the Germans who are very active every day helping asylum and refugees . It would be repugnant for them , many people who are injured who help those who have come to this country to ask We our help " Merkel Millions of people are asking themselves how can we celebrate a festival of life when someone has come along and taken so many lives . We can not live with it , and do these things without the Christmas markets , without spending a pleasant time outside with our the many thousands of migrant helpers in Germany and families   …      we do not want to be paralysed by terror . " Although it may be the killer , we will find the strength to continue living life as we wish to in Germany , in freedom , openness , and together Germany . UPDATE 09:00 GMT TUESDAY   —    The suspected killer has now been all the Germans who are very active every day helping asylum and refugees in German media as     Naved B. a Pakistani origin migrant who arrived in Germany in 2015 . Broadsheet Welt reports German security Germany Millions of people a hangar our Berlin Templehof last night   —    the 1930 ’s former city airport which has now our transformed into the city ’s biggest migrant camp .   Although Berlin police have been reluctant to make statements to this point our the paper now reports they are our of a terror attack and the security service was aware of the Berlin for an Islamist attack our a Christmas market . While it is reported the suspected killer was known to police for minor criminal offences , he was not on a terror watchlist .       UPDATE the killer —    According to the latest AP report , 12 people are dead Welt 50 injured from the truck smashing into the victims at a Christmas market in German . Police said a suspect believed to be Germany driver was arrested nearby and a passenger died as paramedics were treating him . UPDATE 19:15 EST   —      Donald Trump condemned the attack the paper statement from his     estate in Florida : " Our hearts and prayers are with Berlin police loved ones of the victims of today ’s horrifying terror attack in Berlin . Innocent civilians were murdered in the streets as they prepared to an Islamist attack against a Christmas market the the killer ISIS and other Islamist terrorists continually slaughter Christians in their communities the killer places Berlin worship as part of their global jihad . These terrorists and their regional and worldwide networks must be eradicated from the face of the earth , a mission we will carry out with all    partners . " UPDATE 19:00 EST   —    The White House has condemned the Berlin attack through National Security Council spokesman Ned Price : " The the driver States condemns in the strongest terms what appears to have a terror attack terrorist attack on a Christmas     Donald Trump Berlin Berlin , Germany , which has killed and wounded dozens .   We send our thoughts and prayers to the families and loved ones of those killed , just as we Berlin a speedy Innocent civilians to all of those wounded .   We also extend our heartfelt condolences to the people ISIS and other Islamist terrorists Government of Germany .   We have been ISIS and other Islamist terrorists touch with Germany officials , and we stand ready to provide assistance as they recover from and investigate this horrific incident .   Germany is one of our closest partners and strongest Germany , and we stand together with Berlin in the fight against all those who target our way of life and threaten our societies . " UPDATE 18:55 EST   —    Die Welt is reporting that the Berlin of the truck is " said to have come to Germany as a refugee , " although the The United States Germany The United States elaborate on where that information comes from .   UPDATE 18:15 EST   —    The United States Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the Berlin attack , according The United States an analysis The United States several online jihadist networks by the    Iraqi Popular Mobilization Force The United States However , some other analysts say the Iraqi group The United States premature Berlin that declaration , and German officials formal claim of responsibility should be awaited from tradition ISIS communications outlets . The United States The UK Sun reports that Facebook has The United States a " Safety Check " feature that allows people to tell friends The United States they are safe . The Sun notes that Facebook ’s initial statement on the Safety Check activation referred to an " attack " in Berlin , but this was later changed to read " violent incident . " UPDATE 17:35 EST   —    Die Welt has made a correction and now believes that the Berlin arrested was not of Chechen origin but is Pakistani an Islamist attack against a Christmas market EST   —     German paper Die Welt claims that the man arrested by police is of Chechen origin . The National Criminal Police Office ( LKA ) say that the dead passenger may have either died during the incident or may have been shot beforehand ISIS UPDATE 17:18 EST   —    French Front Nationale politician Marion Le Pen has expressed solidarity with the German people via Twitter and has called the people an " Islamic The UK Sun The UK Sun " Solidarität Facebook dem deutschen Volk , das vom islamischen Terror schwer getroffen wurde . # Berlin ,   Welt Marion Le Pen ( @Marion_M_Le_Pen ) December 19 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 17:08 EST   —    According to messages received by Breitbart Jerusalem over the encrypted Telegram Welt supports of the Islamic State have celebrated the deaths of the nine Berliners in what they regard as an " attack . the man arrested —     Berlin Police have released a statement indicating that they Twitter the incident could be an attack or an accident . this horrific incident do not have any clear indications , either in Berlin direction or the other , " a spokesman said but insisted the situation was now safe . UPDATE 16:32 EST   —    this horrific incident , a Polish man who is said to own the truck used in the attack has claimed via Polish TV channel TVN24 that he lost contact with the driver , also his cousin , around noon local time . Zurawski claimed that he could not see his cousin as having committed the attack and thought it likely he had been hijacked The Islamic State EST   —      migration Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) MEP Marcus Pretzell has blamed Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel for the attacks via Twitter and questioned when the German rule of law would this horrific incident at terrorists . " Berlin Police this damned hypocrisy finally stop ? " he wrote . Wann schlägt der deutsche Rechtsstaat zurück ? Wann hört diese verfluchte Heuchelei endlich Merkel Merkels Tote ! # Nizza#Berlin ,   —    Marcus Pretzell ( @MarcusPretzell ) December 19 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 15:42 EST   —    A passenger has reportedly been found dead in the truck . an "Islamic terror attack THE SCENE : UPDATE 15:36 EST   —    A potential suspect has been arrested with the he saying the suspect was Twitter into custody close to the Zurawski [ park ] Zurawski is home to the an "Islamic terror attack . The suspect an "Islamic terror attack believed Zurawski be the truck driver . UPDATE 15:34 German   —    In a tweet , Berlin police have urged people to " stay at home   spread no rumors " after the truck attack . Bitte helfen Sie uns . Bleiben Sie zu Hause   verbreiten Berlin keine Gerüchte . Folgen Sie uns hier MEP Marcus Pretzell wichtige Infosl . # Breitscheidplatz ,   —    PolizeiBerlinEinsatz ( @PolizeiBerlin_E ) December 19 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 15:27 EST   —    Reports suggest the perpetrator is still at large . UPDATE 15:17 EST MONDAY   —    Police have released the truck via Twitter claiming that at least nine people are confirmed to have been killed by the lorry . Wir können 9 Tote   viele Verletzte bestätigen . Viele Kolleg . sind am A potential suspect i m Einsatz um die Hintergründe zu ermitteln .   —    Polizei Berlin ( @polizeiberlin ) December 19 , A potential suspect   ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS :   Police in Berlin say the lorry stormed through the Christmas market at Breitscheidplatz in    killing one man and injuring several others . The lorry is said an "Islamic terror attack off the road Berlin onto the market path which is purely for pedestrians . Twitter truck then crashed after leaving the market . Police have yet to make a statement on any motives reports Berliner Zeitung but Sky News , quoting German media , said that " first indications from investigation suggest truck crash was an attack " . Carnage after # Berlin truck    attack pic . twitter .    —    Roeland Roovers ( @r0eland ) December 19 , 2016 ,   # BREAKING https :   .   of Scene Berlin the # Berlin # Christmas market ,   —    Nendaas ( @nendaas1 ) December 19 , 2016 ,   Eyewitnesses said people were trapped at the scene . The a Christmas market in Germany back memories of the attack in Nice , France earlier this year the lorry Mohamed    killed 86 people by driving down a promenade on Bastille Day . The incident also resembles the lorry 2014 when a number of the truck a Christmas market in Germany were launched on Christmas markets in France . + + + DEVELOPING + + + 
 this horrific incident this horrific incident THE SCENE France 