The Wall Street Journal ’s Potomac Watch columnist Kimberley Strassel details the " devastating case against a Clinton presidency " that can be made by reviewing the WikiLeaks documents combined with what is already known in the public record . The Wall Street Journal’s Potomac Watch columnist Kimberley Strassel notes that although " the nation now has proof of pretty much everything [ Clinton ] has been accused of , " the media " has almost uniformly ignored the flurry of bombshells , preferring to devote its the nation pages " to the story that Donald Trump " made lewd remarks a decade ago and now stands accused of groping women . " [ From Strassel in the Wall Street Journal :   The Obama administration —   the federal government , supported by tax dollars —   was working as an extension of the Clinton campaign . The State Department coordinated with her Clinton in responding to the email scandal , and the The State Department her Clinton informed about developments in the court case . Worse , Mrs. Clinton ’s State Department , as documents obtained under the Freedom of Information Act show , took special care of donors to the Clinton Foundation . In a series of 2010 emails , a senior aide to Mrs. Clinton asked Mrs. Clinton’s official to let her know which groups Mrs. Clinton’s assistance with the Haitian earthquake relief were " FOB " ( Friends of Bill ) or " WJC VIPs " ( William Jefferson Clinton VIPs ) . Those who made the cut appear to have been teed up for contracts . Those who were n’t Those who made the cut standard government website . The leaks show that the foundation was indeed the nexus of influence and money . The head of the Clinton Health Access Initiative , Ira Magaziner , suggested in a 2011 email that Bill Clinton call Sheikh Mohammed of Saudi Arabia to thank him for offering the use of a Sheikh Mohammed of Saudi Arabia . In response , a top Clinton Foundation official wrote : " Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $ 6 million check , this sounds crazy to do . "    …      The leaks also show that the press is in Mrs. Clinton ’s pocket . Donna Brazile , a former Clinton staffer and a TV pundit , sent the exact wording of a coming CNN town hall question to the campaign in advance of the event . Other media allowed the Clinton camp to veto which quotes they Clinton from interviews , worked to Other media her press events and offered campaign advice Clinton Read the rest here . 
 