Turns out the Clintons have been right all along : Lying really does work . [ Poring through all these purloined emails , you get the sense that these people spend every breathing second of these people day either lying , plotting to tell lies or lying about lies these people told in the past .   And each batch of stolen emails is worse than the last . Hillary Clinton is a liar . Hillary Clinton has terrible instincts . Hillary Clinton does n’t believe in anything . Hillary Clinton head is broken . Hillary Clinton does n’t know why Hillary Clinton should be president . Hillary Clinton is pathological . And Hillary Clinton is psychotic . Just ask everybody who works for Hillary Clinton . Just ask campaign chairman John Podesta . Just ask the people working the hardest to get President Bill Clinton . I mean , in Hillary Clinton most rabid streak of attacks on Donald Trump ’s alleged unfitness for office , Hillary Clinton does n’t call him " psychotic Donald Trump " Psychotic ! That is what her Hillary Clinton chairman called her Hillary Clinton Remember back when President Bill Clinton got into all that trouble molesting the young intern in his Oral Office President Bill Clinton Remember the first thing the lying , conniving , dissembling     did ?    Take a poll . And he found out Donald Trump he could skate Donald Trump on even this   —    even this ! But first   —    the poll told a poll — Donald Trump he had to Donald Trump for time . He had to Donald Trump about it for as long as he possibly could Donald Trump coming clean . And that was exactly what he did . Donald Trump he survived . Donald Trump good thing he survived so Donald Trump could go Donald Trump to haunt America another 15 years later . In the latest batch of leaked emails , one top Democratic operative is still grappling with " WJC Issues . " " How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did ? " Ron Klain asks in a list of questions worth posing to Mrs. Clinton . " Bill Clinton every woman should be believed . Why not the women who accused him ? " And , perhaps the best : " Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies ? " Answer Bill Clinton Not likely . Never apologize . Never admit . And always keep lying . That is the very heart of the ethos of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Bill Clinton . Lie all the time . Lie about emails . Lie about servers . Lie about national security . Lie about who knew what when . Lie about spilling classified secrets . Lie about dead soldiers . Exhaust the people with lies . And then , very flippantly , after months or years of lying , say whatever you have to say to make the press go away . " I am sorry you were confused . " " I have already said I wish I had done it differently . " " What difference , at this point , does it make ? " It is all it shameless and dirty and befuddling that it would make Niccolo Machiavelli blush . it Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 