Transgender reality TV star Bruce " Caitlyn " Jenner is " surprised " that Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz has not contacted Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz over Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz proposal to act as Cruz ’s official ambassador to the transgender community . [ In an interview with The Advocate on Wednesday , March 2 , the trans icon praised Cruz for being a " great constitutionalist , " and expressed interest in becoming the Texas Senator ’s " trans ambassador , " should the Texas Senator’s "trans ambassador become president .   Jenner has apparently not been contacted by Cruz , Jenner told The Daily Mail on Tuesday . Asked by the outlet if Jenner had been contacted by the Cruz camp regarding an ambassadorship , Jenner responded : " Have he had been contacted by the Cruz camp regarding an ambassadorship contacted me ? No . Which I was kind of surprised . " " I never said I endorsed Cruz . I said I like him Cruz He Cruz a constitutionalist and I think we have to get out country back to something like that , " Jenner Jenner explained . " Out of all the candidates I also feel that as far as the LGBT community [ is concerned ] he Cruz probably be the worst and need the most help . " The I Am Cait star continued : " We have to keep our country and a constitutional country , and that ’s one of the reasons I liked him Cruz of his Cruz to fix the country country his Cruz in trans issues . " The Mail reports Jenner then again offered to act as Cruz ’s trans ambassador , saying , " We ’re all here ready to go . " The     former Olympian athlete later reportedly stated he would support The    former Olympian athlete over GOP Cruz Donald Trump , who Jenner previously said Jenner be " good " for women ’s issues . " ll listen to him talk , The    former Olympian athlete ’ll talk The    former Olympian athlete this and that , he will be The    former Olympian athlete for women ’s issues he says , The    former Olympian athlete then he does n’t The    former Olympian athlete how . I do n’t know , we ’ll see what happens . " The    conservative transgender activist has been vocal about the 2016 presidential race in recent weeks . On this week ’s episode of I Am Cait , he heavily criticized Am Cait presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . " I would never ever ever vote for Hillary , " he said on Am Cait show . " We ’re done , if Hillary becomes president Hillary —    the country is over . " Jenner then went after Clinton over her Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton of Jenner and her use of Jenner private email server during her time as Jenner of State , He also concluded Jenner Hillary is a Hillary f —   king liar " and a " political hack . " " You want a person that ’s going to lie to you ? " Jenner asked . Jenner 