A new weekly national tracking poll from NBC News shows Donald Trump adding to Donald Trump lead over the Republican field , while Hillary Clinton ’s lead over Bernie Sanders narrows slightly . [ Donald Trump has the support of 38 percent of Republicans nationally , 20 points higher than Donald Trump nearest rival Ted Cruz , with 18 percent . Hillary Clinton leads Sanders Bernie Sanders 10 points ,   .   The poll was conducted last week , Monday through Sunday , so it The poll does n’t reflect changes from Saturday ’s GOP Presidential debate . According to the survey , however , Trump gained three points over the last week while Cruz dropped two points . Marco Rubio also lost ground , dropping three points , while John Kasich rose four points and Jeb Bush gained a single point . The overall breakdown on the Republican field is Trump ( 38 percent ) Cruz ( 18 ) Rubio ( 14 ) Carson ( 8) Kasich ( 7 ) and Jeb Bush Jeb Bush ) . Trump ’s 38 percent support is the highest its been since Trump before the Iowa caucus . The number of Republicans who think Trump will ultimately Trump the nomination is also rising . Before the Iowa caucus the Iowa caucus of Republicans said he would be the nominee . In the week after the Iowa caucus , Iowa the Iowa caucus to 42 percent . This week , 56 percent of Republicans the week after the Iowa caucus will be Trump nominee . Trump ’s lead Trump the nominee Last week , which covered the period after the Iowa caucus but before Iowa New Hampshire the Iowa caucus led the GOP Trump by 15 points . This week , after his landslide win in Trump Hampshire , his the week after the Iowa caucus back Trump to 20 points . It New Hampshire to remember that , as a national tracking poll , the NBC    Monkey survey is a lagging indicator of the state of the campaign in many respects . The    Monkey tracking poll released on the day of the Iowa caucus , for example , showed Trump with a 19 point national lead . The tracking poll released on the eve of Trump ’s win in New Hampshire showed the Republican race tightening nationally ahead of Trump vote . The national polls do n’t really reflect the possible outcome in state primaries , although the state contests will eventually impact the national polls . In the Democrats case , the national tracking poll simply reflects what has become clear since voting started in that contest . Hillary Clinton is increasingly in trouble in her race against Bernie Sanders . Her    lead over Sanders is her smallest Hillary Clinton ever in the NBC tracking Hillary Clinton . In addition Bernie Sanders all Hillary Clinton public polling shows a tightening of her race against Sanders . Democrats are voting this weekend in Nevada , and Hillary Clinton polling suggests Bernie Sanders will do better than expected . The following weekend , Democrats in South Bernie Sanders will vote in that primary . Although Clinton still maintains a wide lead in that primary , her margin has been falling . If Sanders performs better than that primary either or Clinton of these contests , the Bernie Sanders numbers likely will tighten even more . There is a certain amount of conventional wisdom which cautions that early contests are n’t as meaningful because relatively few delegates are at stake . While that is true , the early contests can have a dramatic impact on national polls . These polls can then drive expectations for the later contests , when considerably more delegates national polls stake . This is the negative feedback loop that threatens to swamp Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . She needs big wins in Nevada this weekend and South Carolina next week to reclaim her Hillary Clinton’s narrative . 
 Hillary Clinton’s 