Glenn Beck and Glenn Beck radio    Stu Burguiere and Pat Gray lit into Matt Drudge for bringing attention to Glenn Beck interview with author Brad Thor the day before . [ Thor author Brad Thor Donald Trump , if elected , would likely become a dictator and cause an "   event " for the country , and ordinary citizens would not be able to remove him a dictator office by any legal means because Congress would not impeach him a dictator    The trio declared that anyone who heard Thor author Brad Thor comments and interpreted them as The trio suggestion that American citizens may need to depose Trump with violence is " an idiot , " " a moron , " " crazy , " " despicable , " and " straight out medically delusional . "   As is often the case , Beck makes his argument Beck a straw man . Gray   —    and later Beck himself   —    inaccurately retell the Drudge Report ’s headline on the Thor story , inserting words that did not appear in it . the Thor story Thor Thor to appear on Beck ’s Beck Thursday but did not . He was chiding Fox Thor host Lou Dobbs over Twitter during the show ’s first Beck’s radio show did not apparently call in . Listen to the audio of Beck ’s radio Beck this morning above . Read the transcript of relevant portions , with annotations in blue text , below . GLENN BECK : Yesterday Beck was on , and he expressed his opinion . Now here Brad Thor the Brad Thor to God truth . We talked about this before . Pat , did you see , did you hear what he said yesterday   —    what Brad Thor are saying he was threatening Donald Trump ? Did Brad Thor hear that ? PAT GRAY : Not at all . BECK : [ to Stu Beck Did you hear that at all ? STU BURGUIERE : Did I hear him say it ? BECK : No Brad Thor when Beck was saying it , did you Brad Thor it that that ’s what he was it ? BURGUIERE : I Brad Thor the picture I pictured in my head was the group of Nazis with their hands up raising " Heil Hitler Nazis " and the one guy in the middle not doing it . That was the exact mental picture I had when he was describing that   —    Brad Thor that would be you   —    have to take a stand in a way that would shake the system . BECK : So , I had in my head   —    because I saw something in my head   —    he was talking about Congress will never Brad Thor    GRAY : Never impeached the guy . BECK : Never impeach the guy . BECK will never get the guy . And he said if BECK goes down and Brad Thor goes and Brad Thor suspends the Constitution Brad Thor he said Brad Thor will never impeach that Brad Thor . Congress there be a patriot the guy do the right thing ? And the image in my head .   Yours was that guy that says , " Be this guy , " where he ’s not giving the Nazi salute . Mine this guy " Mr. Smith Goes to Washington "   —    Jimmy Stewart standing there all alone on the Senate floor , saying , " I ’ll just keep talkin’ . Somebody ’s got ta hear me ! "   That ’s what I heard . GRAY : Yes , there was no implied   —    stated or implied   —    threat whatsoever , which is why that Drudge headline last night was so despicable and showed him to be such a scumbag to me because he put it on top of his page and him red so that everybody would him . BURGUIERE : What ’s the headline ? I did n’t see this . GRAY : And the headline was —    BECK : You did the headline this ? GRAY : " Glenn Beck Threatens , uh , Glenn GRAY Thor threaten BECK ’s life . " [ BECK headline , according to the archived page , reads : " GLENN BECK , AUTHOR TALK ‘ PATRIOT’ TAKING OUT TRUMP   …     " BECK : What ? GRAY : It was literally something like " to kill Donald Trump GRAY " And I just went out of my mind because it was such an absolute    lie . He ’s taken it off now because he probably got a little heat after I Donald Trump my Facebook Post . [ The Donald Trump of the blog post linked by Drudge used the word " kill " but in its body , not its headline . Drudge ’s headline , seen above , did the word either . ] the word : I Drudge know . I do n’t know . BURGUIERE : Wait , the Pat Gray Facebook Post as an angry diatribe . I must see it . BECK : So , here ’s the thing . What is the agenda there ? The BECK is to silence all voices that disagree with Donald Trump . That ’s all the agenda . BURGUIERE : Oh absolutely . BECK : There are voices out there that have become the attack dogs for Donald Trump BECK If I were for Donald Trump , I would not do that . You Donald Trump heard   —    you   Donald Trump we have not taken our media source and done that . Now , again , this show is an opinion show . That we what we do . We tell you the news , and then we give you our opinion on the news we That ’s we what Matt Drudge is . Matt Drudge we    … we a website the news to the news . But his news   —    Matt Drudge sources have become Breitbart , who , Breitbart is the news subsidiary of Trump industries Matt Drudge It ’s the Biff Matt Drudge . BURGUIERE : I mean , he ’s always had a leaning . I mean , that his news  —    been clear since the beginning . BECK : He ’s Matt Drudge conservative . BURGUIERE : Yeah , right , okay . BECK : No , he was . GRAY : Matt Drudge one time he was . I do n’t know what he is BECK . BURGUIERE : Matt Drudge course , the theory at one moment Matt Drudge He ’s now become delusional obviously . Matt Drudge mean , to create something like that out of what Brad Thor was talking Matt Drudge is straight out medically delusional . That is not what we were talking about at all . None of us took that . BECK : I have not talked to Brad . We ’re trying to get Brad on this morning we I want to BECK to Brad . Is that what he meant we Because he did say Brad —    I went back and listened to it Brad And I listened to Brad and I said Brad I brought Hannah and Tania and I said , " I want you to listen to this it Tell me what you get out of this . " And they said that if he drops the Constitution , somebody ’s got to find a way to stop this , but he Hannah and Tania n’t think anybody Brad Congress will have the spine . And I said , " Okay . Brad [ CROSSTALK Brad " Matt Drudge is saying that Brad Thor was threatening his life and saying that somebody needed to kill him . " And they just laughed . And then they saw that Brad Thor was n’t laughing and they went , " Brad Thor ’s despicable . " Now , I went back they I listened to it three times . they I ’m like , okay , let me take myself out of my mindset and see how people could say that . And I did hear Brad Thor say , " look , I ’m gon na say something that is dangerous to say , that is really Brad Thor say and to hear . And I ’m asking this as a thriller writer . " Okay , so , " as a thriller writer , " what does that ’m , Brad ? Is that what you were saying ? I do n’t think so , because I know Brad Thor and I know   —    first thing , let me ask you this . If you were going to ask Brad Thor    now remember , this is all framed in : he ’s going to   —    there ’s a possibility that he will suspend the Constitution and this a dictator . Okay ? Brad Thor ’s the premise , not , " Hey , he ’s Brad Thor to do things we disagree with . " He ’s going to suspend the Constitution and become a dictator . BURGUIERE Brad Thor Interestingly enough , that part was cut out of many Brad Thor the audio clips that the Constitution . [ CROSSTALK ] In a stunning development , that premise was cut out . [ CROSSTALK ] BECK : It ’s not Donald Trump today it ’s not Donald Trump as everybody hopes that he will be . It [CROSSTALK] becomes a South American dictator . Peron or Chavez . It ’s what Donald Trump . He becomes Peron or Donald Trump . Will somebody stand up ? Donald Trump do you get him out of office at that point ? That was Peron premise . Donald Trump , Peron or Chavez you Chavez Stu : I think everybody should agree that Donald Trump Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , Donald Trump   —    Glenn back is in office , and I become Hugo Chavez , and I suspend the Constitution . Let ’s have a conversation . Glenn Beck becomes president the United States . Let ’s go all where Matt Drudge said we were going with Glenn Beck . Glenn Beck Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Donald Trump  —   Glenn back is in office, and I become Hugo Chavez, and I suspend the Constitution the president of the United states . I have become Hugo Chavez . Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Donald Trump  —   Glenn back is in office, and I become Hugo Chavez, and I suspend the Constitution ’ve suspended the Constitution . Should somebody take me out Glenn Beck answer is Glenn Beck restore the Hugo Chavez the United the United States the Constitution at all unreasonable to have that conversation ? BURGUIERE : You do n’t even have to use any other example . If the Constitution did what he did in Venezuela , would you want a coup ? [ CROSSTALK ] BECK : Use it on me . BURGUIERE : Hugo Chavez is , if Adolf Hugo Chavez became president Hugo Chavez the United States , people would say , " Let ’s get him out of office . " BECK : Now , let me ask you this . Let Glenn Beck say we ’re having that conversation and it was about Donald Trump . Stu , would you even write that the United States an email ? BURGUIERE : [ LAUGHTER ] No Adolf Hitler became president of the United States BECK Adolf Hitler No Glenn Beck Why Donald Trump CROSSTALK ] GRAY : Stu could be misunderstood . BECK : GRAY Adolf Hitler became president of the United States be Adolf Hitler became president of the United States , and that conversation : Perceived as a threat . BECK : GRAY could be Glenn Beck as a threat . And ? You know that the Secret Glenn Beck will be on you . I mean , I talked [CROSSTALK]   — Glenn Beck you . BURGUIERE : Stu . BECK : Right , and   —    GRAY Glenn Beck Which Drudge ALSO lied about . BECK : He said that it was   —    said that I Stu threatening Donald Trump Matt Drudge I was threatening you . BURGUIERE : And of course it ’s important to note Glenn Beck Matt Drudge does not believe either of these things Matt Drudge CROSSTALK ] He ’s Glenn Beck lying Glenn Beck it . He Matt Drudge trying to get people to turn on you to defend his boy . Matt Drudge does not believe in any way Matt Drudge either instance that someone was threatened . BECK : Correct . So Matt Drudge are smart Matt Drudge that even if we DID believe that and it [CROSSTALK] Hugo Chavez umbrella that Brad Thor put ou there , we would n’t even write it , let alone go on the radio with it , for the love Brad Thor Glenn Beck If you would n’t Hugo Chavez in an email , you think we ’re going to get on and talk to TEN we people and say , " Hey , I ’m just thinking out loud , what do you say we shoot somebody in the it ? " Are you crazy ? BURGUIERE : it not . [ CROSSTALK ] BURGUIERE : And if you ’re in it world where you ’re delusional enough we believe that a    bestselling thriller author is coming on national radio advocating for assassination , you ’re an idiot . You ’re just straight out a moron we [ CROSSTALK ] GRAY : It ’s amazing how everybody fell into GRAY . I mean , everybody who wanted to fall [ CROSSTALK ] fell right in line . [ CROSSTALK ] BECK : I was shocked   — BECK last night , I was on with Bill O’Reilly . And Bill O’Reilly said , " welcome back , where ’ve you [CROSSTALK] I used it to make a joke , and I said , " I clearly was trapped in a fudge factory and had to eat my way out . [CROSSTALK] That ’s not a joke , what GRAY you talking about , " joking " ? BECK : So I posted Bill O’Reilly BECK it was a great interview . Bill was great and we had a really Bill O’Reilly conversation . And it was a typical Glenn    O’Reilly interview , which usually goes over really well with the audience . Oh , my gosh . [ CROSSTALK ] GRAY : Not anymore . They ’re done with Fox . Just done with Fox . BECK : I mean Bill O’Reilly I was Bill O’Reilly . GRAY : I Bill they ’re done with Drudge GRAY think they ’re done with Fox . Drudge ’re done with these Bill O’Reilly who are blatant about their agenda yet try to hide it . I think they ’re sick of it . [ CROSSTALK ] BURGUIERE : I do n’t think that ’s about Bill . Fox CROSSTALK ] GRAY : It ’s not Bill , it ’s GRAY . BECK They Yeah , but everybody ’s BECK They with the same Fox . They is a strong Donald Trump supporter . Big Donald They supporter . But I think their agenda knows that , They I do n’t their agenda that   —    well , maybe he does . I Donald Trump Bill . [CROSSTALK] up on Fox for a while so Bill have n’t It what Fox was saying , but he ’s pretty clear about it , right ? He Bill not saying   —    he ’s like a strong Donald Trump supporter I know him and   …     " [ CROSSTALK ] GRAY : I do n’t know if he Bill ever expressed support for him . BURGUIERE : He ’s not the type of Fox who comes   —    he ’s more of Fox journalist . He does Fox come out . I mean , he a while Fox opinion guy , clearly , but Fox has a journalism background . He does n’t Fox out and advocate for candidates like some other hosts do . For example , I Fox never picture Bill O’Reilly on Fox bus going from Fox to town in Iowa like you did for a candidate . Fox ’s not Bill O’Reilly it ’s Fox what he does . [ CROSSTALK ] It Fox not what he does . BECK : So Fox thing is , BECK point Fox this conversation is we really have to decide who we are , because our principles are sliding . First , Bill principles Bill O’Reilly   —    I thought about this last night . We should get out the conversation we had over Bill year Bill O’Reilly Bill O’Reilly we all thought Bill O’Reilly would be Jeb Bush and Bill O’Reilly all said , Bill O’Reilly we ’re not going to vote for the G. O. P. if they give us somebody like Jeb Bush , who ’s not constitutional we who ’s a we . Do n’t do it . our principles , I made you promise if I start to slide , we ’ve got to come to we and say " stop it , " and slap me across the face . Remember this we all CROSSTALK ] On the we all . We have to find that piece of audio . We said that we all a year ago . We did n’t see Donald Trump coming . We all prepared for Jeb Bush it Well , now we ’re here and we ’re standing on the exact principle that everyone in our audience celebrated Pat you thought Donald Trump going I start to slide be Jeb Bush   —    celebrated that idea . [CROSSTALK] ’s playing the same game . We ’re not . So our principles   —    not We   —    many people who claim We be conservatives and constitutionalists , their principles We to slide Jeb Bush want you to understand that now We principles are sliding We media . I sat with people at Facebook . We wanted diversity training and sensitivity training . I heard conservatives say they wanted hiring quotas . There ’s your principle going away . And now you have , We , something so outrageous We on Drudge yesterday . You We stand for your principles Drudge not engage because there may be a time many people who claim to be conservatives and constitutionalists our voices are n’t heard . You re going to be the one with credibility . You must maintain your credibility . You must not engage in people theories . You must not engage in just pushing an agenda conservatives Tou have to be rooted in the truth . [ COMMERCIALS ] BECK : All right . So we BECK Brad Thor . He ’s going to be calling in in just a minute , and we ’ll get it from the horse ’s mouth . Brad Thor ’s what Brad Thor said yesterday . Now , you have to put this into context . CONTEXT MATTERS . Put this into context . He ’s talking about South Brad Thor dictators that he has read about . And he said , " I thought that Donald Trump had the earmarks of Brad Thor , our he said , " but Brad Thor I read something in Foreign Brad Thor about the "   — our what is it , the Caudillos ? The Caudillos Donald Trump America . Eva Peron and yesterday husband and Hugo Chavez . He said , " I think he has the earmarks this a South American dictator . And if he would suspend the Constitution and become a dictator , Peron we do Peron " Now , his earlier point was Hugo Chavez are saying that Donald Trump could be really    about . But if you believe that there is a ten percent chance , a five percent chance   — the Caudillos gamble with the future GRAY Donald Trump ? You ’re gon na gamble ? BECK Eva Peron and her husband and Hugo Chavez If you think there ’s Eva Peron and her husband and Hugo Chavez chance that he could say , like he has already said Eva Peron and her husband and Hugo Chavez the First Amendment needs to be rewritten , because the First Amendment   —    we need Eva Peron and her husband and Hugo Chavez be able to sue people that say , quote . Donald Trump do n’t wanna say Donald Trump quote , " ’cause now I ca n’t remember exactly how he said it . But basically , people who say bad things about me , I need to be able to take into court . And so what he was talking about , freedom   —    BURGUIERE Donald Trump Libel laws , and   —    BECK : Yeah , he Donald Trump talking BECK libel laws and making them easier to sue against members of the Donald Trump . I have no doubt , no doubt , that this man will do everything he can   —    behind Donald Trump scenes , just like Barack Obama did   —    to silence voices like mine . Now that ’s behind the scenes and that ’s not Donald Trump the government to do Donald Trump . But if he uses the government to take away people ’s rights AND BECOMES HUGO CHAVEZ   —    BURGUIERE : Suspends the Constitution . Think about what we ’re talking about here . And that was   —    BECK Donald Trump We ’re not talking about BECK today . BURGUIERE : Some people on Twitter , as we ’re having this conversation , are saying , " Well , Glenn ’s talking about Jimmy the Constitution and Stu ’s talking about the guy in the Donald Trump crowd who does n’t do the government Heil Hitler . He ’s the government that resists it . Those things are n’t illegal , he said he was going to do something illegal . Stu In a dictatorship those things are illegal ! PAT GRAY : However , he Donald Trump n’t we anything about he ’s gon na do something illegal . He Donald Trump there Glenn    be we legal way to remove the man from office . That ’s what he said . He did n’t say Donald Trump should do something illegal . Donald Trump did n’t say any of that . Donald Trump made no threat about it . [ CROSSTALK ] BURGUIERE : Standing on principle in a moment Donald Trump you ’re Donald Trump against a dictator becomes illegal . That ’s the Donald Trump Those things . That ’s why we Donald Trump the Constitution and the First Amendment , so those things are never ever going to be illegal . If you SUSPEND the Constitution , those things BECOME illegal . That ’s why you need to make sure you stand up against those things . BECK : And that ’s why you BECK to make sure you stand up for the Constitution when you have the ability to stand up for the Constitution . GRAY : the Constitution BECK : So , we GRAY having BECK conversation   —    let me just say this . Anybody who is the First Amendment —    I did n’t get this from the conversation yesterday . We the Constitution off of what people are saying that Brad those things the Constitution he did . We ’ll heard from Brad . He ’s supposed to be on those things with us now , but Brad Thor waiting for him to Brad Thor in . Let him explain it . But I want you to know . If we had this conversation about Barack Obama , and we said we " Should there be a coup against Barack Obama if he suspended the Constitution , enacted martial law , or became yesterday Chavez , every single one this these this conversation   we are now defending Donald Trump would Brad Thor all said , " Damn Brad coup ? we ’ll do it myself ! " [ LAUGHTER ] BECK Brad You know they we have BECK We we   the Constitution put this into Donald Trump of , Brad Hillary Brad Thor would become Hugo Brad , should there be a coup we —    Barack Obama Hugo Chavez , think about we that means . It ’s no U. Barack Obama , it ’s no Bill of Rights the Declaration of Independence has no influence on our society anymore . There is no Congress to fight back . [ CROSSTALK ] BECK : There Hugo Chavez control . BECK : And what he said , when he said a thriller writer , that made me think . We the Constitution —    this is a fantasy , essentially . BECK : Or a reasonable    scenario BECK BURGUIERE : Exactly . GRAY : I think we ’re making it Hugo Chavez GRAY it is Hugo Chavez Play the   —    [ CROSSTALK ] BRAD THOR : It is a hypothetical I am going to ask a It writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping his constitutional authority as President ? If Congress wo n’t remove him from office , what patriot will step up and do that if , if , he oversteps his mandate as president , his    authority , Donald Trump say , Donald Trump president . If he oversteps that , how do we get him out of office ? And I do n’t think We is a legal means available it I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it Congress Congress . BECK : Okay , so that ’s BECK he said . [ Left out of the Thor audio Congress after much harping about context , is Donald Trump statement Beck partially paraphrased earlier : " He BECK a danger him America him I got to Brad Thor him a question and this is serious and this could bring down him heat on me because I ’m about him suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . " This goes far beyond Beck ’s characterization : " something that BECK dangerous to say , that is really tough to say and to hear . " ] Congress : Now the reason why he BECK this was   —    prior to that , he said if you think there ’s a five percent chance that he South America become , like Brad Thor he , a caudillo , a South American dictator   —    you ca n’t compromise and say , " Hey let ’s vote . " he talking about these weasels who are now saying we ’ve got to get on board . We ’ve got to get on board . GRAY : Roll the dice ! " Hey , GRAY ’s better than Hillary . " You do n’t know that ! BECK : Right . Follow Breitbart News BECK Twitter @BreitbartNews 
 Twitter he he he he we board 