This article first appeared in the Los Angeles Times :   Ling Zeng got celebrity treatment at this week ’s Donald Trump rally in Anaheim . One after another , dozens of Donald Trump supporters approached to snap pictures of Ling Zeng and Ling Zeng friends , who wore matching    that read : " Chinese Americans love Donald Trump . " After a campaign staffer invited the group to stand directly behind Donald Trump podium , the candidate took note . " Look at this , Chinese Americans ! " Trump Donald Trump as he Donald Trump Zeng ’s hand . [   …     ] Like Zeng , an immigrant from China who lives in San Diego , many of Trump Donald Trump Chinese American supporters are relatively recent arrivals from mainland China with strong nationalistic leanings , a certain reverence for wealth and a firm belief that U. S. immigration laws should be followed . Many say they Chinese American supporters been politicized by recent battles over affirmative action on college campuses , where some Chinese Americans fear their some Chinese Americans are being held down by efforts to advance other ethnic and racial groups . That issue , along with a recent controversy over the police shooting of an unarmed man by a Chinese American police officer in New York , has opened fissures in the Chinese American community between older , more progressive generations and newer , more conservative arrivals . " You do have an undercurrent of conservatives in the the Chinese American community specifically among    Chinese , " said Karthick Ramakrishnan , a professor of political science at UC Riverside . His research shows that Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor of political science at UC Riverside Chinese Americans are more likely to embrace conservative views on issues such as affirmative action and race in general . " There ’s a heightened sense of ethnic nationalism , and Trump ’s rhetoric resonates with them , " he ethnic nationalism . " Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor of political science at UC Riverside like that he tells it like Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor of political science at UC Riverside is , " it Zeng . " And Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor of political science at UC Riverside worked hard , Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor of political science at UC Riverside gave his kids a good Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor of political science at UC Riverside . That is the Chinese way . " You can read the rest of the story here . 
 