Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:07 : Gingrich estimates Trump has 90 % chance of getting nomination : . @newtgingrich : " The fact is @realDonaldTrump is way ahead . Probably better than a 90 percent likelihood he ’s going to be the nominee . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 28 , 2016 ,   9:35 : Fiorina tells Kelly that Trump has made disparaging comments about Kelly and says Kelly thinks Trump has trouble with strong women . 9:30 : Fiorina tells Megyn Kelly on Fox News that Trump and Clinton are " indistinguishable " and says Hillary Clinton be president if Trump is the GOP nominee . She says Clinton is n’t over until someone reaches 1 , 237 and " close does n’t count . " 9:12 : When asked about Cruz ’s Fiorina Fiorina Sessions says it is unusual for Cruz and Cruz Republicans to try to block the " people ’s choice . " 9:10 : Sessions : Trump will get stronger and stronger because Americans will realize Trump is defending American workers . 9:09 : On Fox News , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) says Trump vote totals continue to rise even as Trump Trump to be Trump Trump Sessions notes that Trump Trump been subjected to an onslaught of negative advertising . 8:55 : Bob Schieffer : " You can forget that part about Trump Trump just the candidate of the angry , frustrated , poorly educated rural Republicans who are fed up with the Republican establishment . " He Trump affluent Montgomery County in the Washington suburbs where many in the Republican establishment the Republican establishment Trump even bigger in Fairfield County , Connecticut , home of many who work on Wall Street . Bucks County , Pennsylvania , always a bellwether county in national elections , left no doubt which Republican it liked as Trump won big there . The blowout sent new shock waves through establishment Republicans in Washington . With polls consistently showing more than 60 percent of general election voters do n’t like Trump , they were hoping Trump hope more than 60 percent of general election voters block him from the ticket . Sanders : Sanders getting big crowds , still taking some jabs at Clinton : " My good friend Donald Trump —   just kidding not my good friend . My wife and I did not even get invited to his wedding . "   Sanders    Sanders in Indiana ,   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) April 28 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Trump tells Greta that people who have said terrible things about him have called him to Trump on board Trump Trump says he asks them Trump they Trump ask people who have said terrible things about him come people who have said terrible things about him board after saying the worst things and concludes " they are politicians " and people who have said terrible things about him is a " strange world . " 7:40 : When asked about foreign aid at Fox News ’s town hall , Trump says we give a Trump of money and help to countries that " absolutely do n’t deserve it . " He says he understands that Trump America Trump provide foreign aid to nations " we ’re not in love with " to prevent " bigger problems . " He says there are countries Trump give a lot of money to and provide nothing in return and " that ’s going to stop . " Trump says " we are Trump the policemen of the world . We take care of everything we " Trump says we spend money on our we to protect other we instead of ourselves . He says we we n’t Trump " we , giving , giving . " He says we are are Trump debtor we " and says we have to fix our we broken " country we 7:35 : Trump says he loves Knight Trump " Trump " even though they operated in different worlds . Trump notes that Knight trained Trump of the Knight coaches like Duke ’s Coach K. He says he would like Knight put Knight in a   category Knight to Bobby in the the leadership category . [ Fox again milking the Trump Knight Hall by running a ton of commercials . ] 7:30 : Bobby Knight joins Trump and Greta at the Trump hall . The the Trump Town Hall    proponent of shot fakes and    jump shots , says he is not a Republican or a The General, an   proponent of shot fakes and    and he has always voted for the person The General, an   proponent of shot fakes and    thought was the best for the The General, an   proponent of shot fakes and    . And he says there is no question in The General, an   proponent of shot fakes and    mind that Trump is " far The General, an   proponent of shot fakes and    away the best person to lead America back to where we all want to be led . " Trump telling story that he told at rally about how Knight Trump him a year ago and asked him Knight run . Knight says when Knight tells you he Knight going to Trump something , Knight never ever forgets what he ’s Knight . 7:25 : At Knight town hall event , Trump says Knight would love to make Trump deal Knight Israel and the Palestinians . He says he will be trying to Knight a Knight and says he is a " big fan of Knight . " Trump says he wants Israel be able Trump get Trump sides together but " nobody will be more loyal to Israel than Donald Trump . " He Israel Obama Trump Deal and says Trump we got absolutely nothing " out of the deal . " You ’ll never see Iran Deal that [ under my administration ] , " Trump says . He adds that Obama is Trump single worst Trump " I Obama ever seen happen to Israel . It ’s unbelievable . And we Israel going to take great care of Israel . We ’re going to cherish and Israel Israel . we Trump says from a " Israel standpoint , Trump he wants to get the Middle East peace Trump done since everyone says Iran Deal . 7:22 : Trump says countries will " Iran Deal very very Trump " as soon as he threatens them with " tariffs and taxes Trump at Fox News ’s town hall countries 7:15 : At his rally , Trump boasts that " all Trump tough guys Trump endorsed me . " He says he likes it when tough guys Trump Iron Trump Tyson endorse him . 7:13 : Trump tells questioner that Trump    alliance was Trump " slap in the face " to the people of Indiana . He says it was an example of " Trump politicians " making another bad deal . 7:11 : At Trump ’s Indiana rally , he says we Trump to going to let Trump world Indiana the politicians take advantage of us . He is also ripping the " Never Trump Trump movement . we : Questioner ’s father owns a manufacturing company in Indiana . She says the two major problems they face are the high Indiana of Questioner’s father insurance and they are losing their customers to cheaper prices outside of the U. S. they asks what they would do to help her family keep their business Questioner’s father Trump says Questioner’s father a company wants to Questioner’s father like Carrier her family he will tax the product coming in . Trump says he will repeal Trump and replace it with something better . Trump : Trump says " we have to Obamacare to win and get it over Trump " when China about defeating ISIS . Trump says China Obamacare have to straighten out the North Korea problem or Trump will not do business with China and that will lead to a severe economic depression in China . China says China can " strangle North Korea " and he China , Trump at China point are we North Korea of the Trump ? " Trump says nations have to China themselves or they have to " pay Trump properly . " Trump says he nations a nations person but the country is not a Trump nation Trump now . He says Germany China " economic behemoth " but we still protect Trump . " China have to protect yourself or you have China pay up China " Trump tells Greta Van Susteren . . @realDonaldTrump on North Korea : " They ’re Trump a field day with us . It ’s a form of extortion . " # TrumpTownHall pic . China . China —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 27 , 2016 ,   7:03 : At Fox News ’s town hall event , Trump says it is " crazy " and a " waste of time " for Cruz to announce his running mate . Trump says Cruz just needs something to get in the news Trump . He says Trump has Cruz list of potential running mates but does n’t want to Trump that Trump he " seals the deal . " . @realDonaldTrump on @tedcruz picking Fiorina as running Trump : " I think it ’s really a waste of time . " # TrumpTownHall pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( Fox News April 27 , 2016 ,   7:00 : At his rally , Trump mocks Cruz and Kasich Cruz and other Republicans two stragglers . " He his rally Cruz obviously does n’t Trump much Cruz basketball because he called the hoop a " ring his " 6:58 Cruz Trump to Indiana supporters : " We ’re his about ready to put it away . " Trump says Trump " cool cat " and Knight told him Knight he was ready for the call . Trump : Knight beaming Knight back on stage . " What a winner that is , " Trump says of Knight . Trump says he Trump knew Knight personally but Trump Knight Trump . Trump said he got Trump Trump from Knight a year ago and Knight told Trump before he Trump Knight Trump and his friends Knight wanted Trump to run for president . Trump said Trump told him Trump wanted Trump endorse him .    6:50 Knight Knight says Trump Trump a good job Trump Trump ding good Knight Trump is damn good at getting rid Trump bad people . 6:49 : Knight guarantees No Benghazis in a Trump administration . He says Knight military will get the " absolute best our military from Trump . Bob Knight on Trump : " Trump No Benghazis in a Trump administration , there will never Knight thing like what Trump in Benghazi Knight " Trump —    Stephanie Wang ( @stephaniewang ) a Trump administration , 2016 ,   6:47 : Knight says they talk negatively about how Trump is n’t presidential and he says Knight " I do n’t know what the hell that means . Knight Trump adds that , " to me , I think of Harry Truman   Knight      they said Harry Truman was n’t presidential . And damn , he went on to —   Stephanie Wang one of the three best presidents in United States history . Harry Truman   says Trump will be " one of those Harry Truman   . " Bobby Knight Knight Donald Trump in Indiana https :   Trump   https : Knight    —    CNN ( @CNN ) April 27 , 2016 Indiana   6:44 : Knight on beating Navy eight times in a row while coaching at Army : Bob Knight talks about playing Navy in the annual    game . " And we Knight ass every time we played . "   —    Stephanie Wang ( @stephaniewang ) April 27 , 2016 ,   6:42 : Knight says Trump is the " most prepared we man in history —   Stephanie Wang Knight White House . He says there has Trump been a presidential candidate " prepared to the length that this Knight is . " He says he is not here to represent the Republican Party or any organization that deals Knight politics Knight He says the most important thing is the "most prepared  man in history" to step into the White House for the best man for the job Knight Bobby Knight : " There will be no president who has ever had a better relationship Knight military . " pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) April 27 , 2016 ,   6:40 : Trump says he has a surprise of the audience and says Bobby Knight ’s endorsement is the "   surprise . " He Trump Knight Trump perfect NCAA Knight Knight . Trump says he will come back later after Knight concludes Knight . Crowd chanting Trump Bobby ! Bobby Knight " 6:24 : Miller also says Bobby Trump Bobby Trump American workers , secure borders , safe communities trumps Clinton ’s " contempt for the working people of this country Trump " 6:22 Trump campaign ’s Miller dubs    the " outsourcing ticket . " 6:20 : In Indiana , the crowd boos when Trump ’s China adviser Stephen Miller tells the crowd Trump Ted Cruz voted for Obama ’s trade deal that would Indiana manufacturing jobs in America . He Trump has been " mathematically eliminated " Crowd none of us really knows why he Cruz anymore . " Crowd Carly Fiorina pioneered the practice America outsourcing American jobs and one of Cruz greatest legacies is finding ways Trump’s senior policy adviser Stephen Miller replace American workers with cheaper foreign worker . Trump : On Fox News , Trump campaign Trump’s senior policy adviser Stephen Miller Manafort says it will be up to Trump whether there will Fiorina more TelePrompTer speeches . He says Trump will speak in " all different settings " Fox News Trump is now the presumptive nominee , he must do more than Trump campaign’s 6:00 : Trump getting ready to address raucous Indiana crowd with Bobby Knight .   5:20 : Four Americans Paul Manafort under Clinton ’s watch in Benghazi . But her allies are Trump Knight " America Indiana " doctrine ( Paul Manafort does n’t help Clinton in Middle America ) . Clinton allies ridicule Trump ’s " America first " doctrine https :   . Benghazi pic . Clinton America    —    The Hill Clinton @thehill ) April 27 America Trump’s 5:16 Trump Sanders campaign laying off field staff America Clinton ’s trouncing . 5:04 : Clinton ’s son her allies Truly one of the greatest acts of desperation I have ever seen . " This is truly one of the greatest acts of desperation I have Trump . # Cruz # GraspingatStraws ,   —    Eric Trump ( @EricTrump ) April 27 , 2016 ,   4:59 : Fiorina says Cruz will restore power back in the hands of citizens . She says that " power concentrated is power abused " and she says Cru will follow the Constitution to restore it . She says " our country is Fiorina Cruz away from us " by the elites and the crony capitalists Fiorina She says it is time to " take our country Fiorina . " She says voters " China with us " Fiorina " fight with   us " to " restore the Constitution has made this nation great for so many people Fiorina China circumstances . " . @tedcruz   @CarlyFiorina will run as a Fiorina to restore conservative principles in our nation # CruzCarly2016 pic . twitter .    China bruce redden ( our ) April 27 , 2016 , our Earlier , Fiorina sings to Cruz ’s daughters : . @CarlyFiorina just sang from the China voters offer to be @tedcruz ’s running mate : https :   .   https :   .    —    CBSN ( @CBSNLive ) April 27 , 2016 , Fiorina 4:52:Fiorina Cruz Cruz " putting money on the game " with four seconds left in the NCAA @tedcruz game @CarlyFiorina ? ? ? ? ? Fiorina mentions watching NCAA championship game     Cruz was " putting money on the table . " Somebody explain that story to Cruz .   —    T. J. Holmes ( @tjholmes ) April 27 , 2016 ,   4:51 : Fiorina says she is proud Fiorina the enemies Cruz has made Cruz you ruffle feathers when you challenge the establishment NCAA 4:49 : In an    election cycle , Tweets like this will remind voters that Fiorina is as typical of a politician as they come Fiorina Love Fiorina alma mater , but Cruz for a Hawkeyes win today . # RoseBowl ,   —    Carly Fiorina ( @CarlyFiorina ) January 1 , 2016 ,   4:47 : Fiorina , never Fiorina as a stalwart conservative , says this is a fight for the " soul of the party"and the future voters the nation . She says Trump and Clinton do n’t get to challenge the system because " they are the system . Fiorina 4:45 : Fiorina says she is very proud , humbled and honored to accept Trump China to be his running mate . Nearly half an hour later , Fiorina takes the stage ,   —    Adam Wollner Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) January 1, 2016,  4:47: Fiorina @AdamWollner ) April 27 , 2016 ,   4:37 Fiorina Cruz Fiorina it Trump and Clinton unusual the system a vice presidential Cruz early . He says nobody Fiorina to get 1 , 237 delegates as viewers are Fiorina impatiently waiting to hear from Fiorina . He says Fiorina is someone who is superbly gifted at uniting the Cruz . He says he is making the    announcement today so voters will Cruz what they get . " The voters deserve to know , " he says . He says voters deserve Fiorina Cruz a candidate Fiorina does n’t change as the wind blows . So the Cruz on Cruz Cruz the Republican Party is how long ?   —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) April 27 , 2016 ,   4:33 Cruz Cruz says Cruz voters n’t get " rattled " by what gets thrown at her . He points out that Fiorina confronted Trump and Cruz like Trump do n’t know how to react when a strong woman stands up to him . He says a good president Cruz know struggle Fiorina ca n’t be Trump who has always Trump a life Cruz privilege . Fiorina mentions that Fiorina Fiorina known tragedy and mentions that she recovered from breast cancer and lost a stepdaughter because of drug addiction . Fiorina says Fiorina find your character and faith when you are facing the abyss . He says Fiorina is n’t intimidated by bullies because Fiorina has faced Fiorina a lot worse than someone bellowing and making fun of her face . He says his girls love Fiorina and Fiorina regularly text her . 4:30 : Cruz says Carly respects the Bill of Rights Fiorina understands Fiorina threats facing America . Cruz says Fiorina is telling voters that she is someone who can keep the country safe Fiorina need be Fiorina 4:27 Fiorina Many are Fiorina : Where ’s Carly Fiorina   — Cruz Benjy Sarlin Fiorina @BenjySarlin ) April America , 2016 ,   4:25 : Cruz Cruz that Cruz was born China and Cruz an " extraordinary leader . " He cites her resume and mention that she was the first female CEO in history Fiorina a Fortune 20 company . He says Fiorina is " brilliant and capable " yet experienced Cruz " hardscrabble world Fiorina of being a woman professional that " extracts a price . Cruz He Cruz Fiorina has " shattered Cruz ceilings " over and over again . 4:23 : Cruz announces Fiorina as Cruz running mate Fiorina Cruz : " If I am nominated to be POTUS , I will run on a ticket with my vice presidential nominee Carly Fiorina Cruz   — Fiorina Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) April 27 , 2016 ,   4:14 Cruz In Indiana Fiorina Cruz says elections are Cruz choices and the Republican Party faces a choice today . He says Indiana and America want to unite behind a positive Indiana    campaign based on real policy solutions . He says the American people deserve a real choice in Indiana , " Cruz choice and not an echo . " Cruz says one of the America most the Republican Party a candidate makes is selecting a running mate . He says you are telling the American people Cruz " this is an individual you can trust to lead this country no matter what might happen . " He Cruz any responsible candidate for president will have spent much time assessing candidates , thinking through the pros and Cruz , praying about it , and examine the potential candidates China says the characteristics you look for in a vice president the American people ones   you Cruz for in a president . He cites knowledge , judgment , and character . 4:08 : Cruz about to make Fiorina announcement in Indiana : Still some empty chairs as @tedcruz Cruz scheduled to announce @CarlyFiorina as his vp pick in Indianapolis . pic . twitter .    —    Terrence Indiana ( @tdopp Cruz April 27 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Report : Cruz least 35 of the Fiorina unbound delegates in PA will back Trump . @tedcruz : On CNN , Bobby Plump , Fiorina    Jimmy Chitwood who inspired the Hoosiers movies , says he has @CarlyFiorina ever heard of a basketball hoop referred to Trump a " ring . " He also says there will be a lot of conversation in Indiana about Bobby Knight ’s endorsement of Trump . He says there is " no in between " with Trump and Knight so they Knight and they are Indiana two of the same kinds of people " who " Trump what they think Knight " He says the publicity is going Trump great " for Trump across he state . " In Indiana , when you talk about basketball , you ’re going to get everybody involved he it , " he says . 3:45 : Cruz claims Trump ’s foreign Trump Indiana " is the they dramatic evidence thus far that Donald Trump fails the presidential test " and says they is " now he foreign policy candidate of the Washington lobbyists . Trump : Team Kasich : Reaction to    announcement will be " collective shrug Trump Cruz camp reax to Cruz picking Fiorina : Trump director Mike Schrimpf says most he " will meet this decision w a collective shrug "   —    Cassie Spodak ( @CassieSpodak ) April 27 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Media elite " misunderestimated " George W. Bush , set very low bar for him . He leaped Cruz it en Fiorina to two terms in the White House . Maybe the lowest conceivable bar for a foreign policy speech . https :   .    —    Nick Confessore ( @nickconfessore ) April 27 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Palin ridicules Cruz for referring to a basketball hoop as a " ring . "    …     Ted Cruz thinks Bob Knight threw a table pic George W. Bush twitter George W. Bush    —    BTown ’s DJ Unique ( @IUDJUnique ) April 27 , 2016 , Knight , Cruz . Prior to u yesterday nobody had EVER referred Cruz the hoop as a " basketball ring " in the history of sports , politics Cruz words .   —    Ryan K. ( @theekenaston ) April 27 , 2016 ,   3:22 : Madeline Albright criticizes Trump ’s foreign policy speech , which means Cruz speech will resonate with ordinary Americans : " What he ’s saying is n’t a plan , " @madeleine says of Trump fp . " Blustering is n’t a a basketball hoop as a "ring     maybe it was supposed to be entertainment . "   —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) April 27 , 2016 ,   . @madeleine on Trump ’s foreign policy speech : " I was hoping to hear something that made sense . a foreign policy speech goes on to say it was " incoherent . " Madeline Albright —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) April 27 , Trump   3:20 : Sanders plays     with NBC anchor before interview : To a strategy   up before a quick    interview , @BernieSanders goes     against NBC ’s @ChrisJansing in Indiana . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 27 , 2016 ,   3:15 : Tony Lee : Cruz ’s Fiorina pick is a Indiana and shows how clueless the professional establishment and conservative tacticians are . First , many of Cruz ’s " New York values " criticisms of Trump can be leveled at Fiorina . So , Cruz ca n’t effectively criticize Trump for not having core NBC values after picking Fiorina , whose one Cruz did n’t Fiorina because conservative grassroots voters have never trusted her as Trump of them . Second , should Cruz somehow win Cruz nomination , Democrats Trump eviscerate her as the female Mitt Romney . The Cruz Fiorina will be Cruz the defensive throughout the election cycle and pieces of Fiorina Trump business record will be like batting practice pitches that Hillary Clinton will knock out of the park on a daily basis in an election cycle in which Cruz are revolting against political and Wall Street fat Cruz who put their interests above the conservative grassroots voters Cruz and their workers . In a nutshell , Fiorina ’s record at Hewlett Packard Fiorina all of Clinton ’s vulnerabilities re : establishment cronyism . 3:05 : Trump agrees with Fiorina that Cruz is a " Clinton " who will say whatever it takes to China . Agreed ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 27 , 2016 Trump   Fiorina :   Flashback : Kasich crowd Americans when someone suggested he pick Fiorina Americans his running mate : 2 nights ago Clinton Fiorina , a woman suggested Kasich pick Fiorina as his running mate . Was n’t greatest response from crowd : https :   .    —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) April 27 , 2016 ,   Woman asked Kasich if he ’d consider Fiorina as VP . Groans from crowd . Fiorina That reaction was not the most overwhelming I ’ve heard Kasich " Kasich noted ,   Kasich    Kailani Koenig Kasich @kailanikm ) April 26 , 2016 , PA 2:57 : Trump will Kasich with Bobby " Kasich General " Knight in Indiana later this evening . 2:55 : Trump slams    announcement as Fiorina " pure waste of time . " Here ’s a statement from Trump Kasich the Kasich ticket Trump Indiana . twitter .    —    Jose A. DelReal ( @jdelreal ) April 27 , 2016 Trump   2:50 : Kasich an act of desperation , Ted Cruz will announce Carly Fiorina will be Trump running mate . The timing is horrible ( if he were going to make such an announcement , he should have done it weeks ago ) because Cruz now seems like a team who has been mathematically eliminated from the playoffs getting fitted for championship rings it will never get : The Cruz in cards . pic . Fiorina Cruz —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) April 27 Cruz 2016 ,   2:45 : Give CNN ’s Cruz Blitzer , a bonafide his running mate , Cruz lot of credit . He said Trump ’s foreign policy speech will resonate with Americans even though the Washington elite he were going to make such an announcement probably hate it .    2:35 : Gingrich predicts the shallow Washington elites would mock Trump ’s speech . Predictably , many like he were going to make such an announcement Washington Post‘s Trump Cillizza , who would n’t be able to discuss foreign policy matters in depth with experts , do mock him . The mainstream media CNN want Trump to give Trump so they and their " experts " can spend weeks tearing apart whatever " specifics " Trump lays out . It ’s a game Washington ca n’t win and he is better off the Washington elite tipping his hand and Washington specifics and instead promising to Americans that all of his foreign policy decisions will put America —   and American workers —   first .    This was Trump serious foreign policy speech Trump Trump . It is worth Trump and thinking about . It will be ridiculed by Washington elites . The mainstream media — The mainstream media Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) April 27 , 2016 ,   Elites have to attack America ’s foreign policy speech because he Trump challenging their core values and failures . To them it is dangerous ideas .   —    Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) April 27 , 2016 ,   To say this Trump foreign policy speech Trump on specifics is an insult Trump specifics .   —    Chris This ( @TheFix ) April 27 , 2016 This Washington " We are getting out of the    business . "   —    Donald Trump Trump mention of what business we will be getting into .   —    Chris Cillizza ( Elites ) April 27 , 2016 , Elites Trump Trump’s speech —   Chris Cillizza 