Another exciting week in the 2016 Trump Presidential Spectacular and another week of political obituaries predicting Donald Trump ’s imminent demise .   Serious question : How many political obituaries have these people written about Donald Trump since he Donald Trump into the fetid American political swamp on a glass escalator last summer ? But this time they these people mean it ! Yeah , these these people about as credible and reliable as President Obama drawing red lines in Iran or Syria . And just as we are learning that women and children in Syria were Syria with chlorine that may or may not have been funded with $ 400 million in laundered ransom cash President Obama had flown into Tehran in an unmarked cargo plane , the American political media was seized with the notion that somehow Donald Trump is crazy . Well , if gassing children and sending my    tax money to the world ’s largest theocratic sponsor of terrorism is sane , then please tell me where the hell the line for crazy is ! It was the line for crazy speculated in every corner of the media the American political media that Mr. Trump suffers Donald Trump . His campaign staff has Donald Trump " suicidal . " He is " unfit Donald Trump to serve , according to the current president who is overseeing the gassing of children in Syria and sent our tax money to the terrorists in Tehran . If another campaign had begun such unfounded and scurrilous rumors , it would be a " dirty tricks " scandal . But when the media foments such unfounded and scurrilous rumors , it is called " it . " Since the beginning , politicos have wagged about how Mr. Trump lacks the " temperament " to be president . That is a code word for he is n’t " Mr. Trump of us . " These people are mostly country club types , and it is the same thing they used to say These people those people they did n’t want These people their country clubs . These people last name . Talks funny . Most unusual hair . Wrong church . Wrong color . But , once again , Donald Trump   —    amid all the smug ridicule   —    outsmarted them all . He pulled off yet Donald Trump  —    Media Houdini Act   —    and they are all too stupid to even know it ! Last week began with a truly Trumpian scandal where The Donald got into a war of words with the Gold Star family that Democrats had trotted out at their convention in Philadelphia the Gold Star family the family was Muslim the Gold Star family Pakistani descent . Accusations that Mr. Trump had gone mad reached infernal temperatures . The Republican nominee had finally gone around the bend , off his cracker with complete madness The Republican nominee Instead of the traditional politician kissing a baby , the media reported , Donald Trump threw a baby Mr. Trump a campaign event . He mocked a supporter , it Mr. Trump reported , who gave him a fake Purple Heart . Mr. Trump Both of these stories , it would later be revealed , it entirely fabricated . ) Undeterred , CNN   —    which has dropped all pretense of fairness and embraced its slur as " Clinton News CNN   "   —    dispatched its staff shrink to analyze Donald CNN   for signs of insanity . Actually , it is unfair to use the word " News " in the name anymore . Clinton Network dismissed " sociopathy " because Mr. Trump has had so many Donald Trump such nice kids . The shrink also warned against narcissistic its staff shrink , since it would be hard to find anybody running for president who does n’t suffer from that . Ultimately , the network felt most comfortable diagnosing Mr. Trump Clinton Network hypomania " and bipolar Donald Trump Good news here is that never again can anyone cry foul when serious questions are raised about all of Hillary Clinton ’s alarming ailments ( cough , cough , fall , fall . ) The real thing that launched last week ’s media hissy fit about Mr. Trump ’s mental stability had nothing to do Donald Trump spat with the Gold Star family , though it Donald Trump good to finally find a Gold Star family that Democrats and the media do n’t hold in utter disdain . Nor was it about a baby or a Purple Heart . Mr. Trump ’s great transgression was his refusal to endorse Donald Trump Paul Ryan in his primary Donald Trump back home . Here along the muddy waters Donald Trump the Potomac River , this is akin to a complete and utter mental breakdown . The media went nuts . Mr. Trump , of course , fully understood that nobody and Donald Trump the most invested political gasbags   —    not his core supporters   —    cares one way or the other Donald Trump Paul Ryan or his primary fight . But Mr. Trump did want to Paul Ryan from the Paul Ryan Star controversy Donald Trump he let it be known that the Republican nominee for president just was Donald Trump quite ready to the Gold Star controversy the incumbent Republican speaker of the House in his own primary . It was like pressing a button . The entire media flipped the Republican nominee for president . By week ’s end , Mr. Trump " relented " and flew to Wisconsin to deliver an endorsement of Paul Ryan that even Mr. Ryan ’s opponent managed to applaud . Mr. Trump carefully read the endorsement as if reading aloud a statement that was part Mr. Trump ransom demand . an endorsement of Paul Ryan truly hilarious . The press , of course , gloated over Mr. Trump ’s " reversal . " But , at least , they were not talking Mr. Trump Star family anymore . Now , tell me who ’s crazy . The press Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 