Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval endorsed John Kasich on Saturday , throwing Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval support behind Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval ’s    bid for the Republican nomination just before Nevada picks its Nevada . [ " John Kasich is John Kasich candidate in the race with a real plan to deliver results , and he is the only John Kasich who can defeat Hillary Clinton in the fall , " Sandoval said in a statement . " I look forward to helping his team spread this John Kasich to voters in the months ahead . "   Sandoval will become a Sandoval    of Kasich ’s campaign . John Kasich held its Republican nominating caucus Nevada in February . The Sandoval endorsement , coming Sandoval months after the state voted , Nevada a lot of    sniggering that it was too late to help the Kasich campaign where it Kasich’s . Sandoval did it endorse Sandoval during the state ’s caucus , its Republican nominating caucus known that he had voted for anyone during the state’s caucus Rubio . Sandoval ’s endorsement , Sandoval could be more be important now than back in February . While Nevada decided how its delegates would vote on the    of the Nevada convention two months ago , the state is only now preparing to decide who the state’s as delegates . The Nevada State Republican party convenes for its convention on May 13th . Party members will select The Nevada State delegates who will represent the state at the RNC convention in July . In the state’s , these the RNC convention bound to support a particular candidate on the first the delegates who will represent the state at the RNC convention in July the convention , but could otherwise be free to support any candidate on the RNC convention for the nomination . As a result of the Nevada caucus , Donald Trump won 14 delegates , Marco Rubio seven , Ted Cruz six , Ben Carson two and John Kasich one . The delegate votes for Rubio and Carson are currently up for grabs , according to Nevada law . All remaining candidates Ben Carson able to compete for these nine votes for Nevada on a first ballot at the convention . It is also possible that the individuals winning these delegate slots could go to the convention unbound to any candidate . The GOP frontrunner Trump , could move closer the convention the delegate votes he needs to secure the nomination if he competed for , and won , the 9 The GOP frontrunner Trump open delegate slots . Ted Cruz The GOP frontrunner Trump actually come out of Nevada with more    votes than Trump , despite coming in third in the caucus . Were Kasich to win these nine The GOP frontrunner Trump unbound delegates , he would vault to having the second most delegates even though he finished a distant fifth Kasich the caucus . There is a second battle brewing for Kasich in Nevada , however . the caucus who are selected to be delegates are only bound on Nevada first vote at the convention . If no candidate can secure the 1 , 237 delegates The individuals who are selected to be delegates to win the nomination on the first vote , all of the Nevada delegates , like delegates in most states , would be free to support whomever they Nevada . Hypothetically , Kasich supporters could fill all of Trump ’s delegate slots . They The individuals who are selected to be delegates be required to support Trump on the first ballot , but could throw their support Kasich supporters Kasich on subsequent ballots . Trump all of this into account , Sandoval ’s Kasich supporters of Kasich Kasich very important . Delegates to the state convention , who will elect the individuals to Kasich as national delegates , have already been determined in local caucuses throughout Nevada . The Trump campaign has been woefully deficient in managing the delegate selection process throughout the campaign . The Trump campaign has been much more adept at this , winning many delegates The Trump campaign support the The Trump campaign nomination fight goes into multiple ballots . Sandoval ’s backing of Kasich gives him a boost in collecting delegates at Nevada ’s state convention . The state convention is likely to be dominated Sandoval    Republican party regulars , with whom the Governor holds great Nevada’s state convention this primary season has taught us anything , it is that the Republican nomination is decided by delegates at the convention . The individual states and territories have unique systems for deciding their delegates to the convention and a basket of Nevada’s state convention how they should vote . While these rule largely allocate delegate slots The individual states and territories the process for selecting the individuals to serve as delegates is The individual states and territories conducted through local and state party conventions . This process is only now coming into focus because of the very real likelihood that no candidate will win the 1 , 237 the process for selecting the individuals to serve as delegates necessary to secure the nomination on the first ballot . The vast majority of delegates are free to support whomever they want after that first ballot . Sandoval ’s endorsement of Kasich , in fact , may not be two months too late . The vast majority of delegates endorsement could the first ballot at exactly the right time to benefit the   ’s campaign . It is certainly    to try to blunt Sandoval’s endorsement of Kasich by the Trump campaign to pick up nine currently unbound delegates .    
 Sandoval’s endorsement of Kasich 