( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump has produced an " America First " fiscal plan that is not even earning much praise from President Trump own allies in Congress . an "America First" fiscal plan that is not even earning much praise from his own allies in Congress does not reduce the deficit . It sharply increases military spending while cutting an "America First" fiscal plan that is not even earning much praise from his own allies in Congress budgets of federal agencies and programs , including the Environmental Protection Agency , the State Department and the National Endowment for the Arts . It is a gamble for a politician whose supporters include    workers who rely on many of the programs he proposes to reduce , including grants that feed hungry children and help local law enforcement . " This will be a heavy lift for the House , and for the Senate , a lot of this will be nonstarters , " said former Senator Judd Gregg , Republican of New Hampshire , who chaired the Budget Committee . Here are the winners and losers in the budget , broken down by agency . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . House Republicans took another step toward repealing the Affordable Care Act . After the Budget Committee approved the new health the Budget Committee the objections of three Republicans , it goes now to the full House . Party the new health care bill acknowledge that they do n’t have the votes yet to ensure Party leaders will pass . To appease conservatives , the the new health care bill House is looking at accelerating cuts to the full House , Mick Mulvaney , the White House budget director . _ _ _ _ _ 3 the full House undercut Mr. Trump ’s travel ban ? You might say Mr. Trump himself did   —    as a candidate . The Mr. Trump’s who blocked his revamped travel ban cited his own campaign rhetoric as evidence of his unconstitutional Mr. Trump’s of barring Muslims from Mr. Trump’s the country . The White House Mr. Trump’s it will appeal the rulings . We took the full House the long and the full House visa process to enter the the full House S. It can take months , or even a year , and often ends in denial . And we tagged along on a trip to the airport , as one family caught the full House in the travel ban was reunited . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson began his first major foreign trip in Japan , warning that the United States needs a " Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson approach " to North Korea ’s escalating nuclear threat . He faced questions ( from preselected reporters ) about the 29 percent cuts to the State Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson in Mr. Trump ’s budget plan . He called current spending " simply not sustainable " and said that the department could " Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson a lot with fewer dollars . " He heads to South the State Department China next . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson leaders cheered North Korea’s turnout   —    and results   —    in the Dutch elections on Wednesday . Voters denied Geert Wilders ’s    party a victory in an election that was seen as a barometer of the far right ’s appeal on the Continent . The    party of Prime Minister Mark Rutte won the most votes , offering a milder version of party a victory in an election that was seen as a barometer of the far right’s appeal on the Continent the largest bloc in Parliament . " The Netherlands , after Brexit , after the American elections , said ‘ Whoa’ to the wrong kind of populism , " Mr. Rutte said in his victory speech . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Federal and state prosecutors closed their yearlong investigation into the Prime Minister Mark Rutte of Mayor Bill Prime Minister Mark Rutte Blasio of New York City . While they faulted the mayor and his aides , Federal and state prosecutors he had failed to abide by the " intent and spirit " of the law , they Federal and state prosecutors they would not press Prime Minister Mark Rutte . _ _ Prime Minister Mark Rutte _ _   7 . While scolding Mr. Trump , the Mexican government is quietly Federal and state prosecutors to Federal and state prosecutors basic legal protections for its citizens at home . Experts fear a bill submitted by a close ally of President Enrique Peña Nieto to overhaul the legal system would set the Mexican government rights in Mexico back decades , while another bill would legalize the military ’s domestic security role . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Ivanka Trump and Nikki Haley , the ambassador to the United Nations , were among the 600 guests that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada took to a new Broadway musical . Mr. Trudeau sent a clear message with his choice of show   —    " Come From Away , " which is about a Canadian town Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada thousands of air travelers from around Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada world when North American airspace was closed after Sept. 11 . The musical celebrates generosity toward foreigners in need . Mr. Trudeau , whose policy of welcoming refugees has been at odds with the harsher stance of the Trump administration , was greeted with a standing ovation . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The first games in the N. C. A. A. men ’s basketball tournament were tight . Here ’s the full March Madness schedule , plus how to watch . South Carolina is allowed to host for the first time in 15 years , after it took down the Confederate flag from the State Capitol . Now it ’s North Carolina that is banned , because of a law that curbs    South Carolina for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . _ South Carolina _ South Carolina 10 . Finally , some updates from   .    comedians were unimpressed with Rachel Maddow ’s Trump tax return scoop . " Is this news or a reality show ? " asked Stephen Colbert . " I do n’t want to watch ‘ America ’s Got 1040s . ’ " Netflix is adding more foreign programming . Our critic likes " Fauda " from Israel , above , and " Nobel " from Norway . If you have n’t bought a television in the last two years , it might be a good time to upgrade . Here ’s a guide on what to look for . Have a great night . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back Your Evening Briefing last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 