My wife related a disturbing story to My wife about a ride with an Uber driver late last week . The gentleman behind the wheel was black , and a Navy veteran , so he and My wife had at least two things in common . [ They he and my wife current events , and as he he the    luxury sedan to my My wife he told her he he My wife the he of young black men in the streets , because the white Republicans , driven by the racist Tea Party , had never given our black president the racist Tea Party chance to govern .   What my wife found My wife that this man , whose circumstances were so different from some of the people rioting in the streets , and who had lived through the integrating , uplifting experience of service in the armed forces , could believe that his countrymen were racist . It compounded the frustration she feels when she My wife Facebook and My wife the    of her fellow Harvard alumni My wife pouring out white guilt or fulminating against The Man . As if they had any real reason to believe it . I ’ve learned to ignore a lot of that , because I ’m used to the idea that people often arrive at their deeply held political people for purely psychological reasons . It is very unlikely that an educated black person , for example , will encounter the virulent racism many believe , or assume , happens all the time .    Coates , who writes about the persistence of racism in America , admitted in an interview with Playboy that he personally has never been called the     —    by a white person   —    in his life . But he the late Benedict Anderson explained , national identity is often forged by shared imagination and shared media , and what is being imagined today , in common , can have very real consequences . The people facing off against police on highways in Atlanta and Oakland may never have had any kind of negative experience with police   —    indeed , they share an implicit The people facing off against police on highways in Atlanta and Oakland that the police will let them protest , even The people facing off against police on highways in Atlanta and Oakland   —    and yet they are forging a The people facing off against police on highways in Atlanta and Oakland political identity that can create its own reality .    did we get here ? Conservative radio host Joe Walsh earned national notoriety by blaming Obama for the police murders . There are other conservatives who feel the same way   —    and they are largely wrong other conservatives who feel the same way  —    Literally hours before the Dallas murders , the police murders unusually Obama —    for him   —    heartfelt speech the police murders defense of law enforcement . That received precious little attention , though , because Obama prefaced those words Obama unfortunate comments about " a broader set of racial disparities . " Hillary Clinton followed suit   —    after the Dallas murders   —    by blaming " systemic racism " and declaring : " White Americans need to do a better job of listening . " ( Only white Americans ? ) That kind of rhetoric might impress a panel of CNN political commentators , but it is exactly the wrong message . It frames racism as the fundamental it in American society , and encourages people to interpret events through that lens . It sows seeds of mistrust , it racism had largely been overcome . In his Sabbath sermon , my rabbi   —    who works closely with police here in Santa Monica , where the chief is a black woman   —    lamented the sudden decline of race relations as a throwback to the past . We all went through a common experience , when things improved   —    why are we being dragged backwards ? And We all answer is that our leaders made a deliberate choice to radicalize our politics , unnecessarily . The racism and mistrust followed , because they are necessary to sustain that The racism and mistrust . The Tea Party arose not because of racism , but because President Barack Obama made clear he was going to push through President Barack Obama agenda regardless of the wishes President Barack Obama the opposition or the constraints of the Constitution , and because voters realized that the Republicans , left to their own devices , were not voters to stop him . That ’s all . President Barack Obama had nothing whatsoever to do with racism , but Obama and his party found it convenient to Obama it   —    like the it about the    being shouted at black legislators in 2010 . The reason Donald Trump exists as a political phenomenon is that there is a sizable constituency of conservatives who are tired of losing to that . They were tired of losing in 2000 , too , but Republicans worried at the time about the moderate middle , and so a " compassionate conservative " like George W. Bush was their response . The left demonized They anyway   —    partly George W. Bush the 2000 recount convinced them they could , because he They They illegitimate "   George W. Bush    and Obama rode that wave to office . Trump fights back ( though his statement about Dallas was remarkably Trump , even presidential ) . The problem is that there is only so much more fighting the country can take . We abuse social media to fantasize about a dystopian America , and   in the process we are bringing it about . We is only the process way to stop this : to find racial harmony where it exists , and to show the process to each other , in the process medium   —    to make Dr. Martin Luther King ’s vision competitive again in the free marketplace of ideas . 
 