Each of the remaining presidential candidates delivered an address to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) Policy Conference on Monday . And each , in Each of the remaining presidential candidates own way , did well . [ Donald Trump benefited most of all , as Donald Trump was expected to face protests , and faced doubts about Donald Trump ability to deliver a detailed policy speech . Donald Trump gave a stirring , comprehensive address that won standing ovations . Here are Donald Trump , and Donald Trump rivals’ overall grades at AIPAC .   Ohio Gov. John Kasich ( R ) : A. The Ohio governor is often pigeonholed as   —    well , as the governor of Ohio . But The Ohio governor proved The Ohio governor foreign policy knowledge on Monday evening , recounting The Ohio governor history of fighting for Israel in Congress and the Ohio Statehouse . On substance , Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. offered one of the best speeches of Monday evening . Partly , Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. succeeded by beating low expectations , which had been stoked by lackluster debate performances . But Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. did well , regardless . Donald J. Trump ( R ) :   . Trump Donald J. Trump (R):   will be the story of the night , because the media , and Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. rivals , had set expectations so low . Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. prepared accordingly , using a teleprompter for the first time and deviating only occasionally from Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. text . Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. also clarified Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. stance on " neutrality " in    negotiations , making clear that Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. saw Israel as the aggrieved party . One small but significant problem : Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R): A. referred to " Palestine " rather than " Palestinians . " Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ . A thorough , heartfelt , competent speech   —    and one that he has Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ before , many times . There were a few new flourishes   —    he dinged Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ from the outset for the term " Palestine , " for example   —    but he was Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ repeating a stump speech to    groups , and the energy in the room seemed ( from afar , anyway ) to sag . He reminded Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ voters that they can trust him , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ he probably Sen. Ted Cruz ( ): B+ to do a bit more . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ( D ) : B+ . Clinton regards Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D) as a home crowd , even though she has Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D) the organization on several occasions   —    in the    over apartments in Jerusalem in 2010 , and more recently in her support Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D) the Iran deal . Her speech Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D) all the right notes in terms of    sentiment , but did less to explain problems in her record Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D) And in pandering to Jewish voters , she mispronounced Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D) word " Purim . " 
 