Whatever you might think of National Review ’s Thursday night attack on Donald Trump is beside the point . That ’s not what I ’m here to talk about . Just forget about The Establishment versus   …      Trump versus   …      This has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tactics and media savvy . There are many fine people at National Review , smart people , which is why the incredibly lame and    execution of this " broadside " against Trump Donald Trump something worth talking about .   Conservatives can not win elections , most especially national elections , living in the 19th century .   If you are going to go to the trouble of building what you believe is a Nuclear Bomb   —    and a full issue of National National Review to annihilating Trump is Donald Trump crafted with that in mind   —    you have to also build a 21st century delivery device . All that time , all that work , all that effort , all that organization , and by noon the next day , because of a terrible launch platform , National Review ’s nuke has already    and disappeared into the sea . The entire execution behind the delivery of this dud immediately brought this to my mind : INT . PRIVATE CLUB   —    K STREET   —    VICTORIAN ERA , Long hallway . Oak paneled walls . Ends at two closed , imposing doors . The only sound is    carriages passing by outside and the echo of IMPORTANT MEN discussing IMPORTANT MATTERS from behind those doors . From somewhere a bell tinkles . Immediately a BOY in a    uniform appears . The doors doors . A toxic cloud of cigar smoke swallows the boy . Immediately a BOY in a   uniform smoke dissipates , we see that the room inside is filled with    IMPORTANT MEN pleased with themselves . They sit   IMPORTANT MEN leather   IMPORTANT MEN and drink brandy . The BOY is handed Immediately a BOY in a   uniform of paper   —    A PROCLAMATION . Like it is as sacred as the Magna Carta , the BOY runs to make Immediately a BOY in a   uniform as the    IMPORTANT Immediately a BOY in a   uniform confidently celebrate how their proclamation will change the world the   IMPORTANT MEN Other than the    Fox News appearances , that is exactly what National Review did last night . I ’m sorry but even if it ever did , the world does not work this the world . Even if you believe 100 % in every word National Review wrote against Trump , if National Review really was an era where one could change the world by stuffing a bunch of the world magazine covers , this sure as hell is n’t it . This is 2016 . Opinions are not changed with the drop of a magazine filled with Very Important Thinkers espousing Very Big Thinks about How We Should All Think . This approach only backfires because it looks    stuffy and conceited from good people This approach are none of those things . If I may paraphrase the Coen Brothers : Nobody likes the high hat . Drudge does n’t issue proclamations . BuzzFeed does n’t issue proclamations . The Mainstream Media does n’t issue proclamations . Hearts and Minds are changed through Narratives   —    narratives built over time and tested with    storytelling , characters , caricatures , tweets , Facebook posts ,    headlines , pictures , videos , and yes    even gifs . The only message coming out of this National Review issue today is that A BUNCH OF FAMOUS CONSERVATIVES PILED ON DONALD TRUMP   …      It ’s all one big Harumph ! Harumph ! Harumph ! And how is that effective Harumph a Harumph where being an outsider is sexier than Sophia Loren in a lace teddy ? It is arguments that change minds , small , tight , individualized arguments that have been honed , tested , and perfected to drive a Narrative . Narratives change minds . Narratives stick . Narratives leave a mark . Ironically , it is this very    that has kept Trump on top it is this very method that has allowed Trump to successfully destroy Jeb Bush , Ben Carson Trump Hillary Clinton , and the DC Media . It is this very method that Trump is using right now to dismantle Ted Cruz Trump And here ’s the kicker : this is also the very method Trump has used to inoculate himself from laughably    Trump the likes of a Trump Review . National Review is n’t hurting Trump , like a a National Review , National Review Trump stepping directly into his      narrative . a National Review attempt to bury Trump Trump , maybe you should try and learn a thing or two from him . All due respect , all I learned from National Donald Trump today is that Republicans still suck at media . a National Review has absolutely no idea how to fight .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 