Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump met Tuesday with Virginia father Ray Tranchant , whose child was killed as a result of lax immigration enforcement policies during    Tim Kaine ’s administration . [ Tranchant ’s sixteen year old daughter , Tessa , was murdered in 2007 by an illegal alien drunk driver , Alfredo Ramos .   On two separate occasions , Alfredo Ramos had been arrested and released under    Kaine ’s administration before Alfredo Ramos eventually went on to murder Tranchant ’s daughter . Tessa and Tessa best friend ,     Allison Kunhardt , were stopped at a stoplight and were wearing Tessa and her best friend,    Allison Kunhardt seatbelts when Alfredo Ramos crashed into the back of Tessa and her best friend,    Allison Kunhardt vehicle at over 70 mph . Tessa and her best friend,    Allison Kunhardt were killed instantly . Alfredo Ramos had a blood alcohol level that was three times the legal limit .   During Alfredo Ramos meeting with the Donald Trump , Tranchant said he Tranchant reached out to Kaine at the time . Tranchant Tranchant he Tranchant to Kaine Kaine office to discuss why an illegal alien , who had been arrested twice with a previous DUI offense , had not been deported , but was instead allowed to roam free and remain in the country before eventually killing Tranchant Tranchant teenage daughter . Tranchant Tranchant that when asked , Kaine Kaine’s office he was Kaine not interested " in enforcing U. S. immigration law .    @realDonaldTrump met a family who lost their child to an @realDonaldTrump    went to Tim Kaine ’s office .. pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) September 6 , 2016 ,   " I became an advocate for change , " Tranchant told Trump during the Tuesday meeting . " I even went to Tim Kaine and his Tim Kaine’s I talked Tim Kaine’s office legal counsel . I Tim Kaine’s , ‘ Why do n’t we enforce the law ? 287 ( g ) . It provides state police training , the law can find the status of illegal immigrants . And he said , ‘ I Tim Kaine’s sorry , I ‘ not interested . ’ " ’m said . Last week , Kaine made headlines by falsely Tim Kaine’s that sanctuary cities , which have resulted in the deaths and victimization of innocent Americans ,   are " phantom " and do not exist . Trump ’s campaign demanded that Kaine apologize for the statement Tim Kaine’s Trump ’s National Policy Director , Trump’s , wrote in a statement to Mediaite : Indeed , Kaine ’s statement suggesting that Tim Kaine’s do not exist is particularly remarkable given that Tranchant lost his daughter as a direct result of    Tranchant ’s support for lax immigration enforcement . Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly commented on Tranchant ’s death at the time , and Tranchant that Governor Kaine did not " seem to care " about stopping illegal alien crime . O’Reilly said : Once again , a sanctuary O’Reilly policy has killed Americans . As we reported last night ,     Allison Kunhardt and     Tessa Tranchant were killed by an illegal alien drunk driver in Virginia . The man ,     Alfredo Ramos from Mexico , had three previous    convictions , and also an    conviction , but he had never been sentenced to prison . The man,    Alfredo Ramos from Mexico incidents all took place in and around Virginia Beach , which is a sanctuary city . That means the authorities do not report criminal illegal aliens to the feds , unless it ’s a drastic situation   …      The governor of Virginia , Timothy Kaine , he does n’t seem to care much about The governor of Virginia, Timothy Kaine illegal aliens . In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News last week , Trump denounced Clinton for refusing to meet with the American victims of illegal alien crime . " It ’s terrible , " Trump said . " She pays no respect Trump those incredible people Trump have lost their children   —    in most cases children   —    but children and brothers and sisters and mothers and fathers . But it seems to be mostly children . These are great people . These are great citizens of our country and These does n’t even talk about it . Trump ’s very strange . " Tranchant , it supports Trump over Clinton , said that he has been astonished by the " incredible craziness " of the government ’s failure to enforce immigration laws . " We have 10 , 000    gang members in the United States , " Tranchant said . " That ’s the incredible craziness that ’s going on that I just ca n’t believe . And believe me , I have a very focused attention to this subject because it affected me . And I would n’t this subject this upon anybody . " " There ’s no group , just like our candidate , [ there ’s no group ] of people whom I hate . I do n’t hate the guy who killed my daughter . I forgive him . I do n’t hate people that the guy who killed my daughter illegal . I do n’t hate them at all   …      but I people that are illegal n’t like the way the government is handling this , " Tranchant added . In 2010 , Tranchant wrote the following about his daughter ’s Tranchant : My     daughter Tranchant was killed by an illegal immigrant in Virginia Beach three years ago while sitting at a stop light . Her friend Ali Kunhardt , 17 , also perished instantly . Beautiful girls with tons of future plans , they had just stopped at a convenience store for a Beautiful girls with tons of future plans of gum at 10 on a Friday night . I can imagine that they were giggling about something as they waited for the Beautiful girls with tons of future plans light to turn green . Beautiful girls with tons of future plans was in the passenger seat . I ’ll never forget her laugh . The explosion was so loud that witnesses Tessa it sounded like a bomb going off , hit from The explosion by a black Mitsubishi going more than 70 mph . They were tiny , skinny little girls stuffed somewhere in the floorboards when the police and EMT crew arrived . When I got to the hospital in what seemed like a dream sequence , Tessa ’s bed was lying next to Ali ’s , separated by a privacy curtain . Both girls were perfectly still , skin cold to the touch . Tess was covered with a hospital blanket , and her clothes lay in a bag by her bedside , Tess off by the EMT and the Tess doctor who tried to revive her , to no avail . I looked at her Tess brown eyes , pupils dilated , eyes wide Tess , staring at the ceiling . She still had a mask taped to her mouth with Tess long rubber tube . The center Tess the tube was filled with bright red blood . Amazingly a long rubber tube had only a little bruise on her forehead , Tess her big toe was bleeding . Tess noticed that she Tess had a couple of her nails done with Tess , probably had just enough Tess to do two . She worked at the Golden Corral Ali worked at The Tess Market . I had n’t seen Tessa in a few days , and I had to laugh at her forearm . Hard to believe you can laugh with such Tessa around you , but I did . She had previously told me that she suffered from the Tess Tranchant curse "   — Tess dark hair on her skinny little perfect arms   —    and apparently Tess had shaved it all off ( her way of Tess even , I guess ) . Tess Ramos , a previous DUI offender and alcoholic , seemed invisible in a system that was good at looking the other way . Virginia Beach and Chesapeake were being accused of being " sanctuary cities " as Bill O’Reilly and Geraldo Rivera screamed at each other during the national news hour . O’Reilly was right . I know what sanctuary means more than most ever will . Ramos was actually smug at the trial and took his lumps : 40 years in prison . There was nothing Ramos could do but forgive him forgiveness cleanses the soul . He was an uneducated foreigner Ramos by local merchants who needed Ramos labor . Hundreds of thousands of illegals in Virginia do the same . We do n’t share a border with Mexico , so the Hundreds of thousands of illegals in Virginia here is n’t as great as Arizona or California . But the dilemma in Arizona is more important to Virginians than it seems . 
 Arizona the dilemma in Arizona 