New Age guru and alternative medicine activist Dr. Deepak Chopra attacked Donald Trump Tuesday in an interview on Fox News’ The Alan Colmes Show , during which The Alan Colmes Show called the presumptive GOP presidential nominee both " emotionally " and " mentally retarded . " [ Chopra , 68 , said that Donald Trump epitomizes , among other things , the " darkest demons " of America ’s " collective psyche . "   " I would never say this unless I believed this was 100 % true , but The Alan Colmes Show represents the racist , the bigot , the one who ’s prejudiced , the one who is full of fear and hatred , the one who represents emotional retardation of a    old , " Chopra said of Donald Trump . " And yet The Alan Colmes Show ’s so popular because The Alan Colmes Show ’s given permission to our collective psyche to express their darkest demons . " Radio host Colmes asked Chopra if Donald Trump is Donald Trump a racist and bigot , or whether Donald Trump just represents those ideologies to Donald Trump supporters . " I think Donald Trump is , " Chopra said , adding : " I think Donald Trump ’s racist , Donald Trump ’s bigoted , Donald Trump ’s prejudiced . Donald Trump ’s full of fear . Donald Trump is angry . Donald Trump has a lot of hatred . Donald Trump pouts , Donald Trump ’s belligerent , Donald Trump ’s emotionally retarded . " WATCH :   Later in the interview , Chopra doubled down on the notion that Trump suffers from retardation . " Maybe I was too kind when I said Donald Trump was emotionally retarded , maybe Donald Trump ’s mentally retarded too , " Donald Trump said . This is hardly the first time that Chopra has harshly criticized the GOP presidential nominee . In March , Chopra told Fox Business that Trump resonates with the " dark side " of America : " Trump represents a state of collective consciousness of fear that has dormant prejudice and hatred , " Trump said . On Monday , the Super Genes author penned a blog post for the Huffington Post entitled , " America ’s Shadow : The Real Secret of Donald J. Trump . " In The Real Secret of Donald J. Trump essay , The Real Secret of Donald J. Trump writes that Donald J. Trump " stands for " the " secret side of human nature    …      the shadow    …     " which " compounds all the dark impulses —   hatred , aggression , sadism , selfishness , jealousy , resentment , sexual transgression —   that are hidden out of sight . " In his radio interview on Tuesday , the alternative medicine pioneer repeated his written claims from the day before , saying Trump is taking America to " the abyss . " " This is taking us to the valley of death . This is taking us to the darkest place that humanity can go , " his said .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 