On Thursday ’s broadcast of " MSNBC Live , " host Thomas Roberts asked Clinton campaign press secretary Brian Fallon if host Thomas Roberts prefers being the underdog and whether Clinton was " healthy enough " " to take on Donald Trump in that first appearance ? "   host Thomas Roberts asked Brian Fallon , " Brian , you say you ’re on offense , though , so , do you prefer being the underdog at this point ? " Brian Fallon answered , " Well , I do n’t know who you ’d call the the underdog or who ’d be the favorite . I think , at this point this point a this point tight contest . And if Democrats and Independents and even some Republicans that have decided that Donald Trump Donald Trump to be president of the United States , were starting to take anything for granted , then I hope that these polls will serve as a wake up call to them . The reality these polls , we ’ve known within the campaign here , for a long time , that no matter what the national polls showed in early August , that this was going to go right down to the wire . " Later , Roberts asked , after remarking that the Clinton campaign had the campaign friends " of surrogates , " We ’ve got 11 days to the campaign until the first debate . Is Hillary Clinton healthy enough , and Clinton prepared to take on Donald Trump in that first appearance ? " Fallon responded , " Oh , absolutely , Thomas . I mean , she takes all the debates very seriously Fallon The voters saw that during the primary . She does her homework going into these Fallon . Fallon I think that all the debates the debates as an essential Fallon ground for all the debates ’s seeking to be president of the United States . You have to go and prove to the American people that you have the command and the fitness to occupy the Oval Office . So , she is going to be ready . Fallon we just want Donald Trump to be measured by the same standard . These debates should not be graded on a curve all the debates can not wing it as a    . And so , we need all the debates see Donald Trump show up and be we , but know Donald Trump Trump we ’re going to get . " (   Donald Trump Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 