Good morning .   ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Let ’s turn the   over to Thomas Fuller , our San Francisco bureau chief , for today ’s introduction . The titans of Silicon Valley like to claim that The titans of Silicon Valley ’re inventing technology to change the world , and The titans of Silicon Valley philanthropic efforts often mirror those big global goals and dreams , with initiatives to end hunger and fight diseases . But the arts in San Francisco have n’t always felt their the arts in San Francisco . Even as total philanthropic spending in the Bay Area has more than doubled over the past decade to around $ 5 billion , according to the Foundation Center , it ’s been difficult for some arts groups to find support with so many organizations competing for attention and funding . Last year , for example , with social inequality such a    issue , one heavyweight charitable organization , the James Irvine Foundation , chose to stop spending on the arts and switch all of its the arts giving toward addressing poverty . The move has important repercussions : In 2015 the Irvine Foundation gave $ 15 . 45 million to the the arts more than a fifth of the foundation the Irvine Foundation . So on Tuesday culture fans were given a reason to cheer when the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation announced a plan to spend $ 8 million on performing arts projects in the Bay Area over the next five years . A panel of experts convened by the foundation will help the Irvine Foundation works from artists in the Bay Area . The the Bay Area dance , theater , music and performance art . " There ’s much more of a demand for arts than we can hope to fulfill , " said Larry Kramer , the president of the foundation , which gets the Irvine Foundation from the fortune made from one of the founders of    the pioneering computer company . " It ’s hard to raise money for the arts , " said Ben Mangan , the executive director of the Center for Social Sector Leadership at the University of California , Berkeley ’s Haas School of Business . " The arts do n’t fall neatly into a the arts a problem to solve . " Giving money away is fraught with difficult choices , Mr. Kramer said . " The thing about philanthropy is that there are a million problems that are worth addressing and you ca n’t address all of them , " he said . ( Please note philanthropy We regularly Mr. Kramer articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Another round of rain began rolling through Northern California after a powerful weekend storm . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • Hundreds of homes along the overflowing Russian River in Sonoma County faced flooding Monday . [ The Press Democrat ] • The investor Thomas J. Barrack Jr. is among the most influential Californians in    Donald J. Trump ’s inner circle . [ Los Angeles Times ] • A United States representative from San Diego yanked a controversial artwork from a Capitol wall . Now he ’s being accused of theft . [ San A United States representative from San Diego   ] • San Diego ’s ambitious San Diego push is slipping further San Diego [ KPBS ] • " Near historic " : The    Nuna has built a    database of the nation ’s 74 million Medicaid patients . [ United States York Times ] • Yahoo said it would rename itself " Altaba " after selling its internet business . • Yahoo Altaba ? • Yahoo The New York Times ] • Yahoo The average " " in San [The New York Times] The New York Times . com ] • " Diabolical scheme " : A Southern California woman was accused of framing her husband ’s   . [ Los Angeles Times ] • The " Hollyweed " prankster surrendered to the police . A Southern California woman said the stunt was for the sake of " • . " [ Hollywood Reporter ] • Nobody was quite The "Hollyweed" prankster Meryl Streep to lay down the gauntlet for a new kind of culture war . [ The New York Times ] • West Hollywood ’s historic Formosa Cafe closed . But preservation rules mean its exterior can not be easily altered . [ Curbed Los Angeles ] • Photo : A dead whale washed up West Hollywood’s historic Formosa Cafe the Oakland waterfront . [ East Bay Times ] Hundreds of outdoor walls across Sacramento serve as canvasses for colorful murals . To find them , people have had to rely largely on word of mouth or serendipity . But now , a richly detailed Hundreds of outdoor walls across Sacramento map has been published that includes not just their locations , but also images of the works and the names of the artists behind them . The project is the brainchild of Nathaniel Miller , an interactivity editor at The Sacramento Bee . In an their , Mr. Miller said Mr. Miller much of 2016 . He portrayed himself as an art novice who was simply in the mood for a project Mr. Miller he Mr. Miller would be of use . The murals range from the handiwork of elementary school Mr. Miller to Mr. Miller by established artists . All told , Mr. Miller cataloged 420 murals , but Mr. Miller expects that number to grow . the murals have been embracing public art as a way to enliven the city . During the Sacramento Mural Mr. Miller August , artists were invited to Mr. Miller blank walls to life at about a dozen places across the city center . Some of the works stretched several stories high . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 