Barry University , a private , Catholic university in Miami , Florida , has banned Barry University, a private, Catholic university in Miami, Florida student golf team   —    one of the best in the country   —    from all golf courses owned by Donald Trump due to the presidential candidate ’s " campaign rhetoric . " [ A member of Barry University ’s administration told Campus Reform that Donald Trump ’s positions were " antithetical to Barry University’s core commitments of Inclusive Community    Social Justice " and that in order to ensure the institution remains true to its values the institution it would the institution to sever all business ties with the GOP frontrunner :   As a practice , Barry University Barry University’s engage in business relationships where senior leadership of a company takes a public position , or the company ’s a company , antithetical to the university ’s Barry University’s Inclusive Community    Social Justice . This practice , which has been in place for some time , is not political , as we do not take positions relative to candidates . We seek only to ensure fulfillment of our values through our institutional business related ventures and expenditures . According to Campus Reform , this stance presents a significant problem for the university ’s men ’s golf team , which previously enjoyed     practice sessions at the Trump Doral golf course in Miami Trump news site that Trump ’s course was " one of the nicest in Florida . " I can tell you that this decision has affected us quite a bit because Doral is one of the nicest courses in Florida , with outstanding practice facilities and the golf courses in the resort Florida really hard and challenging . They would be ideal for our golf team to practice on because they this decision has affected us quite a bit because Doral is one of the nicest courses in Florida, with outstanding practice facilities and the golf courses in the resort are really hard and challenging provide us with tough this decision has affected us quite a bit because Doral is one of the nicest courses in Florida, with outstanding practice facilities and the golf courses in the resort are really hard and challenging conditions which we do n’t find this decision has affected us quite a bit because Doral is one of the nicest courses in Florida, with outstanding practice facilities and the golf courses in the resort are really hard and challenging lot of this decision has affected us quite a bit because Doral is one of the nicest courses in Florida, with outstanding practice facilities and the golf courses in the resort are really hard and challenging we play now . Barry ’s golf team has won three national championships this decision has affected us quite a bit because Doral is one of the nicest courses in Florida, with outstanding practice facilities and the golf courses in the resort are really hard and challenging the past decade alone . But for the administration , the university ’s commitment to " Social Justice "   —    and Donald Trump ’s apparently dire threat to it   —    must take priority . You can follow Allum Bokhari the university Twitter , add him on Facebook , and download Milo Alert ! for Android to be Allum Bokhari up to date on his latest articles . 
 Allum Bokhari 