Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " host of MSNBC ’s   " AM Joy , " Joy Reid said of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , " Joy Reid narcissism outweighs Joy Reid ability to do the baseline of politics . "   Partial transcript as follows : HALPERIN : Rick Scott is exactly right about the issues Republicans want Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to talk about : jobs and strong on national security . The problem is Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump not come out of his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump convincing voters that he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a serious person qualified to be     with the right temperament . He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump got to work on that now . If voters do n’t see him Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump someone qualified , if voters do n’t see him Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump having the right temperament , they voters not going to take his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on jobs , his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on ISIS seriously . REID : But how does a     man change his a    man personality ? How does he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ? He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump 70 years old . This is who he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . He Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump not pretending to be this way , he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is this this way You ca n’t change your fundamental nature . ALCINDOR : But part of the frustration with the Republicans that I ’m talking to is that he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is n’t capitalizing on the fact that Hillary Clinton is also having issues , she ’s Hillary Clinton having gaffes . She walks Hillary Clinton of the interview with the FBI , you have footage , you have this moment and again he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a gaffe . She has Hillary Clinton issues with emails , and again , here you are with this whole week . So , I think Republicans are also deeply frustrated because you look at the data download segment it ’s Republicans . It shows Republicans they have Republicans much issues with her issues Hillary Clinton they do Republicans his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . HEWITT : Flip the script , how does a     woman start persuading people she ’s a    woman the truth . Do we want   …      REID : First of all , she is a    woman 70 . HEWITT : HEWITT , OK , 69 . So , how does she persuade a    woman that she ’s a    woman to tell the truth when we have a lifetime in Washington of doing exactly the opposite . REID : REID I think it goes back to what Yamiche said , is that if you have issues with Hillary Clinton , the Republican nominee is n’t bringing those up . He is the Republican nominee instantly by Mr. Khan , he is the Republican nominee instantly by anything he perceives the Republican nominee a personal slight . His narcissism the Republican nominee his ability the Republican nominee do the baseline of politics . So what you do is you have Donald Trump continually making the argument about Donald Trump Donald Trump worst way . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 