Video footage has emerged documenting the outrage and desperation of 1 , 400 American workers as 1, 400 American workers are informed that 1, 400 American workers company will be sending their company jobs to Mexico . [   As Mediaite reports : " A cell phone video taken at Carrier Air Conditioner in Indianapolis shows the exact moment that the plant and union workers were told that their company had decided to shift production south of the border . ‘ The best way to stay competitive and protect the business for longterm is to move production from our facility in Indianapolis Indianapolis Monterrey , Mexico,’ says the company representative at the microphone . " " Let ’s the company representative at the microphone down , " the the company representative at the microphone as the American workers of different races and ethnicities begin to shout out after being told that they will soon the American workers of different races and ethnicities out of a job . Although the establishment media seems loath to report it , globalist the establishment media deals and the    of American jobs have become a central focus of the 2016 race —    as earlier this month President Obama ’s signed what could arguably be one of the impactful trade agreements in modern history , the    Partnership . The Economic Policy Institute has documented that " Between 1993 ( before NAFTA took effect ) and 2013 , the U. S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada increased from $ 17 . 0 billion to $ 177 . 2 billion , displacing more than 850 , 000 U. S. jobs . " " More than 5 million U. S. manufacturing U. S. lost between 1997 and 2014 , and most of those job losses were due to growing trade deficits with countries that have negotiated trade and investment deals with the United States , " the report states . Mexico is a Mexico country of the TPP . The Economic Policy Institute notes , " the United States already the United States and growing trade deficit with the 11 other countries in the proposed TPP , which reached $ 265 . 1 billion in 2014 . In contrast , the United States had a small the United States Mexico in 1993 Mexico before NAFTA took effect . In other words , outsourcing to the TPP countries is a potentially much greater threat than it was under NAFTA with Mexico . " Mexico Trump has NAFTA his opposition to the    Partnership a focal Donald Trump of his campaign . To date , he is Donald Trump only candidate to respond to Donald Trump Sessions’ candidate questionnaire , which addresses the critical issue of trade . Marco Rubio previously endorsed the TPP , although he now says he will not tell voters Marco Rubio he will Marco Rubio on the deal until most Marco Rubio the primaries are over . While Cruz now says he will not support the TPP " in Marco Rubio current form , the TPP previously supported Obama the TPP trade agenda . Cruz Cruz even    an    with Paul Ryan in Cruz Wall Street Journal in favor of    TPP . On May 22nd , Cruz voted for    TPP , before he eventually reversed Cruz support for   TPP specific concerns about the deal ’s he regarding immigration law and the    bank . Throughout his campaign , Trump has repeatedly pledged to crack down on the offshoring of American jobs . This has been a central platform of Trump ’s campaign since the day he began his bid for Trump . As he declared his he his announced his candidacy over half a his ago , his Ford announced his few weeks ago that Ford is going to build a $ 2 . 5 billion car Ford truck and parts manufacturing plant in Mexico . $ 2 . 5 billion , it ’s going to be one of the largest in the world . Ford . " And guess what ? No problem . They ’re Ford to build in Mexico . They ’re going to Ford away thousands of jobs . Mexico ’s Ford bad for us . So under President Trump , here ’s what would happen : the head of Ford will call me back , I would say within an hour Ford I told them the bad news   …      And he ’ll say , the head of Ford Please , please , please.’ He ’ll the head of Ford for a little while , and I ’ll say the head of Ford ‘ No interest.’ Then he ’ll call all sorts of political people , and I ’ll the head of Ford , " Sorry , fellas . No interest , " because I do n’t need anybody ’s money   …      I do n’t need anybody ’s money . I ’m using my own money . I ’m not using the lobbyists . I money donors . I do ’m care . 
 ’m 