During a radio interview on Sunday , comic legend Jackie Mason blasted Mitt Romney for comic legend Jackie Mason reported interest in serving as Secretary of State after repeatedly criticizing    Donald Trump during the recent presidential campaign . [ Stated comic legend Jackie Mason : " Can you imagine going to a guy ’s office and calling comic legend Jackie Mason abusive names for a half an hour and then saying , ‘ By the way , you ’ve got a job for comic legend Jackie Mason ? I ’m looking for something to do for a living . I would do anything if you could help me . ’ "   comic legend Jackie Mason was speaking during comic legend Jackie Mason regular segment on " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " this reporter ’s Sunday night talk radio program broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM . Listen to the full audio here : Here is a partial transcript of comic legend Jackie Mason ’s routine on Romney : This is unbelievable to this reporter . Because Romney only a few weeks ago , like you say , called Romney the most vicious names I ’ve ever heard . You would never know that Trump was n’t running away with Trump furniture or robbing Trump car or maybe grabbed Trump by the throat and maybe was choking Trump or something . You would never imagine that there was any excuse for Romney , who was not in the race , to all of the sudden blast Trump the way he did and start calling he all of these ugly , abusive , vicious names for no reason and out of nowhere .    …      And after he finishes with that whole speech he starts looking for a job . Can you imagine going to a guy ’s office and calling he abusive names for a half an hour and then saying , " By the way , you ’ve got a job for he ? I ’m looking for something to do for a living . I would do anything if you could help me . " First , he says that he is so dangerous that he would destroy the he if he became president . he you want to work for him ? Which means he want to help him . You want he help him do what ? he the country ? All the country sudden the country does n’t count the country do n’t care if it ’s destroyed as long as the country can get a job from him ? Not only he but then he came back to he for a dinner he Are you that    that you have to have dinner with a person who you think is about to destroy America ? And now you want the country work for him . You ’re he to take orders from him . You ’re he to take orders from a person that you could swear is the most dangerous thing in this country . So how dangerous the country going to be if you are going to help him ? It ’s he if he does it , he if you help him It of the he it ’s a wonderful thing to do It Romney was one of he ’s strongest GOP critics in recent months . During a speech last March , Romney stated , " he Trump is a phony , a fraud . His promises are as he as a degree from Trump University . He ’s playing the he public for suckers : He gets a free he to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat . " In June , Romney told CNN of he , " Presidents have an impact Donald Trump the nature of our nation .    racism ,    America    misogyny , all these things are extraordinarily dangerous to the heart and character of America . " Mason , meanwhile , took aim at Romney ’s tone and he delivery , calling the politician " the most boring presidential candidate in the history of this country . " Mason added : He could actually teach boredom Mason schools . Mason ’s how boring he is .    …      When he Mason , nothing came out . Everything Mason said was so flat whether it was Mason bar mitzvah or a funeral it all sounds the same .    …      Anytime you wanted to go    sleep he would be more effective than any pill    No sleeping pill that would put you to sleep faster than Romney . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Aaron Klein hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 