Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton stressed the importance of backing Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential race during Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton appearance on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon . Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton warns Hillary Clinton would be " Obama ’s third term on national security . " [ SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon observed that Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton avoided making an endorsement during the Republican primary , instead using Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton influence to ensure national security was at the " forefront of the debate . "   Now that Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee , Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton gave high marks to Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton first big foreign policy speech , saying his first big foreign policy speech " brought Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton into the mainstream of the debate . " " I think Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton ’s been saying things like building up the American military , in ways that are very , very important , and I ’m going to support Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton for President , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton declared .   " I ’ve said for over a year that I was going to support whoever the Republican nominee turned out to be . Back when some folks thought it was going to be Rand Paul , I said I would even support Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton , because I believed in the power of redemption , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said , teasing the famously isolationist Senator a bit . " Let ’s face it   —    the alternative is Hillary Clinton , and to me the famously isolationist Senator is an easy choice , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said . " I have to say , I ’m the famously isolationist Senator in Washington these days , as politicians say , ‘ the famously isolationist Senator , I ’m going to support the nominee , but I do n’t endorse Trump , and I wo n’t say whether I ’m going to vote for him.’ If you support somebody , that , to me the famously isolationist Senator is synonymous with endorsing Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton   —    and what ’s the purpose of talking about it , if you ’re not going to vote for Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton ? "   " I think we ought to cut through the    chatter and get on with it the   chatter and defeat Hillary Clinton , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton advised . Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said it would be an " honor to be considered for any position to serve the country , " if Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton was tapped for a national security or diplomatic position in the prospective Trump Administration , although Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton added it was " way premature to be worried about that . " " I think this is going to be a very difficult election , recent public opinion polls notwithstanding , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said . " I think it this absolutely critical that Republicans keep control of the Senate and the House . In the Plan B scenario , if Hillary does win , then the only check we ’ll have on her Hillary control of both houses in Congress . " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said Clinton Hillary " tried to project the image that somehow she Hillary more hawkish , tougher in foreign policy than Obama . " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton dismissed this as " complete fantasy . " " I think she Hillary be Obama Obama third term on national security , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton charged . " The same is true on domestic policy , but on national security , we would be weaker and more vulnerable under Clinton Hillary I think she Hillary indecisive as well , so you add that on top , it ’s a very dangerous time . We face a lot of challenges and threats , and if we We n’t respond to them threats we We just going to be put further at risk . " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton has established Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton own political action committee , BoltonPAC , and is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 