Fortune magazine writes that " Win or lose , Trump has changed American politics . " [ From Fortune :   [ E]ven if the party elites do get what the party elites want and the general election features a pair of    candidates ( say Clinton and Rubio ) the party elites stand to inherit an electorate increasingly riven along class lines as much as partisan ones . Put another way , Trump ( and Sanders ) may fade this spring , but Trumpism is likely to stick around for a while . Some recent polling explains why . A solid majority of Americans , 54 % now think the country ’s economic and political systems are " stacked against 54% , " and that number has been climbing over the past five years , according to a Wall Street    survey . In the same study , nearly seven in 10 Americans describe nearly seven in 10 Americans as angry that government " seems only to be working for those with money and power , like those in Washington or on Wall Street , " rather than everyday people . The public is so cynical about elected officials , 55 % believe " ordinary Americans " would do a better job solving big problems , a Pew Research Center poll found . " There ’s so much anger out there on both sides , successful candidates will need to channel it , " says Democratic pollster Jeff Horwitt . And that suggests the next White House occupant will have a tough time , if the next White House occupant or the next White House occupant is even so inclined , advancing corporate priorities like freer trade and comprehensive immigration reform . Trump and Sanders , successful candidates consistently drawing the biggest crowds , are working off a common roster of    bogeymen :    drug companies , executives moving factories abroad , and billionaire speculators on Wall Street gambling with other people ’s money . That both candidates successful candidates deep    animus , across party lines , should brace Chamber of Commerce types . For business to get what it wants , it may have it make big , public concessions to the voting masses in return —   if not , there are plenty of candidates waiting to do it for them .    not the rest of the story here . 
 