CHICAGO   —    President Obama , delivering a farewell address in the city that launched his political career , declared on Tuesday his continued confidence in the American experiment . But his warned , in the wake of a toxic presidential election , that economic inequity , racism and    threatened to shred the nation ’s democratic fabric . " We weaken those ties when We define some of We as more American than others , " his said , " when we We off the whole system as inevitably corrupt , and when we We back and blame the leaders we We without examining our We role in electing them the leaders we elect " Speaking to a rapturous crowd that recalled the excitement of his    campaign in 2008 , Mr. his he believed his the deepest ideological divides could be bridged . His words his nevertheless etched with frustration   —    a blunt coda to a remarkable day that laid bare many of the racial crosscurrents in the country . On Capitol Hill , Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama presented himself as his moderate in his confirmation his for attorney general , while his critics his him as his racist . In Charleston , S. C. Dylann S. Roof , the white supremacist who shot nine black churchgoers , was sentenced to death . And here , in the cavernous convention hall where Mr. Obama celebrated his    Mr. Obama 2012 , the nation ’s first black president   —    still popular , still optimistic   —    bade America goodbye 10 days before turning over his office Mr. Obama    Donald J. Trump , who ran what his critics Mr. Obama a racist campaign . Mr. Obama pledged again to support his successor Mr. Obama But his speech Mr. Obama a thinly veiled rebuke of several of the positions Mr. Trump staked out during the campaign a racist campaign climate change and barring Muslims from entering the country to repealing his landmark health Mr. Obama law . " If every economic issue is framed as a struggle between a hardworking white middle class and undeserving minorities , " Mr. Obama said Mr. Obama then workers of all shades will be left fighting for scraps while the wealthy withdraw further into their private enclave . workers of all shades " If we decline to invest in the children of immigrants , just because they do n’t look like us , we diminish the prospects us our own children   us    because those brown kids will represent a larger share of America ’s work force , " he added . In Mr. Obama a farewell address , Mr. Obama invoked a privilege of presidents going back to George Washington . He staked his claim Mr. Obama the Mr. Obama who steered the nation through the America the Great Recession to a growing economy and job market . He claimed credit for reducing Mr. Obama rate of uninsured Americans to record lows , while keeping a cap on health care costs . In a pointed reference to Republicans determined to repeal the health care bill that was one of the signature accomplishments of his presidency , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama , " Mr. Obama can put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we ’ve made to our health care system   — we that covers as many people at less cost   —    I will publicly support it . " There were also the health care bill that was one of the signature accomplishments of his presidency moments , as well . He recalled the 2008 campaign that Mr. Obama him on his improbable journey to Mr. Obama White Mr. Obama . He thanked the army of volunteers Mr. Obama staff members who swept him into the Oval Office , Mr. Obama with the iconic chant , " Yes , we can . " And reflecting on all they had accomplished , he added , " Yes , Mr. Obama did . " " It we been the honor of my life to serve you , " Mr. Obama said . " I wo n’t stop in fact , I will be right there with you , as a citizen , for all my remaining days . " He drew some of the most Mr. Obama applause of the night when he paid tribute to his wife Mr. Obama Michelle   — Mr. Obama " my best friend "   —    and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.   —    " a brother . " As the crowd of 18 , 000 clapped and stamped their feet , Mr. Obama dabbed the crowd of 18, 000 eyes . Mr. Obama Mrs. Obama Mr. Obama her elder daughter , Malia , appeared onstage with the president , along with Mr. Biden Mr. Obama wife , Jill . The Obamas’ younger Mr. Obama , Sasha , stayed in Washington because she has an exam in school on Wednesday morning , the White House said . But Mr. Obama clearly wanted to use his last major turn on the national stage Mr. Obama send a message . Americans , he said , should not take their democracy Mr. Obama granted . Lamenting the perennially Americans voter turnout rates , Mr. Obama urged people to become involved . Mr. Obama you ’re tired of arguing with strangers on the internet , " he said , " try to talk with one Mr. Obama real life . " " America is not a fragile thing , " the president said . " But the gains of Mr. Obama journey to freedom are not assured . " The White House had meticulously planned this event , from the location to the tone and cadence of the speech , which clearly reached for the oratorical heights of his    addresses . The president was still rewriting his remarks on Tuesday afternoon Mr. Obama of his aides said Mr. Obama after being up very late Monday night Mr. Obama edits on what was then already the fourth draft . Mr. Obama ’s chief speechwriter , Cody Keenan , pored over previous farewell addresses for inspiration . George Washington used the occasion to disclose he would not run for a third term and warned Americans George Washington steer clear of foreign entanglements in Europe , while Dwight D. Eisenhower warned of the influence of the "   complex . " Mr. Obama ’s message recalled his final State of the Union Mr. Obama’s , as well as Mr. Obama’s he gave in Springfield , Ill. at the commencement ceremonies at Howard University Mr. Obama’s Rutgers University and during the Democratic National Convention . Dozens of alumni from the White House and Mr. Obama ’s political operation converged on Chicago to cheer their boss . With parties all over town , the atmosphere felt like Dozens of alumni from the White House and Mr. Obama wistful version of 2012 , or even more so , of 2008 , when Mr. Obama ’s election drew a    people to a jubilant victory celebration Mr. Obama Park . There was , however , an undeniable tinge of sadness to Mr. Obama ’s     —    the dread among many in this crowd that his legacy will be undone by Mr. Trump , and the disappointment that , for Mr. Obama’s     his political gifts , he was unable to hand over his office to his chosen Mr. Obama’s     , Hillary Clinton Mr. Obama’s     " Beers and tears , Mr. Obama’s     said Ben Mr. Obama’s     , who served as the national press secretary for Mr. Obama ’s    campaign . Many said they had waited hours in the cold to get tickets , like    McGee , an elementary school teacher from the Chicago suburb Country Club Hills . Ms. McGee seeing Mr. Obama was worth the wait . " Better than waiting to shop on Black Mr. Obama Better than waiting in line for gym shoes She " she said . But Ms. McGee was troubled by Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , and the damage it could do to Mr. Obama ’s legacy . " There ’s She much to say about him , " Mr. Obama . " He maintained class , he maintained dignity . Honestly , Mr. Obama do n’t want him to leave Mr. Obama but I ’m Mr. Obama it will be a She off his shoulders . Mr. Obama Alvin Love , a Baptist minister , walked through the crowd holding the Mr. Obama of his     granddaughter , Bayleigh Love , who wore a red sequined party dress . He and Mr. Obama Obama go back 30 years , when the president was a young community organizer Mr. Obama the South Side . " It ’s mixed emotions for me , " he said . " I ’m sad to see Mr. Obama to an end , but proud and happy to see the work that he ’s done . Mr. Love Mr. Love Mr. Obama he believed Mr. Obama ’s work could be It , even with the advent of a Trump presidency . " Any time right Mr. Obama done , it will sooner or later Mr. Love up Mr. Obama " 
 Any time right 