Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) upon being asked about critics who have called him Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s favorite Republican , told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday , " Russian President Vladimir Putin is not a perfect guy at all , but Russian President Vladimir Putin is not Joseph Stalin or even Nikita Khrushchev . " Rohrabacher made the point that communism , not Russia specifically , was seen as the greatest threat during the Reagan years , and it was , by and large , defeated . [ As for talk of Russian President Vladimir Putin being on the list to become    Trump ’s secretary of state , Rohrabacher said Rohrabacher would be content to remain in Congress however , Rohrabacher believes Trump needs a secretary of state whose thinking aligns with Rohrabacher own , and Rohrabacher is not convinced the names being bandied about fit that bill .   " What I believe is that I ’m excited about what Trump stands for , " he Trump , " and how he Trump going to take American policy and make it American policy …      aimed at not some globalist theory of making the whole world better , but , instead , based on something that ’s going to be good for the security of the people of the United States and what ’s going to be good for the prosperity of the the United States " Rohrabacher added that it was " an exciting thing that finally , we ’ve got somebody on our side " we the White House , in contrast to Barack Obama . " How else do I qualify ? " said Rohrabacher of the Rohrabacher of state position . " I ’ll just have to say that I believe in those things strongly , so I think that ’s why I ’ve been trying to suggest I ’d be very willing to take that job . " He went on to detail his foreign policy He dating back to even before his lengthy tenure He the Reagan White House up to the present day . Rohrabacher defined radical Rohrabacher as perhaps the greatest global threat to America today and said America should not America dismiss joining with Russia in fighting it when our America intersect America " Radical Islam is our threat today , " said Rohrabacher . " Rohrabacher have to prioritize , and a    Russia has the Russia incentive for us to work We because it threatens Russia a   Russia and Russia ’re killing a   Russia . Radical Islamists are killing Russians like they Russians killing Radical Islamists Europeans and Americans . For me to suggest that we work with Russia to defeat Russia threat , I think it is rational . " He said he ’s " He a lot of heat " for his stance regarding He , but Russia does not He it ’s " his stance regarding Russia the interests of the American people who are interested in peace to keep vilifying Russia as if Russia ’s still Russia Soviet Union that threatens us . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 