On December 20 , the BBC pointed out that the " traditional " image of the American gun buyer is shifting under Donald Trump even liberals are making gun purchases . [ In fact , the " Liberal Gun Club , " which is " an actual club " with nine chapter and members in all 50 states , " says [In fact, the "Liberal Gun Club," which is "an actual club" with nine chapter and members in all 50 states," saw a " huge " increase in interest once Donald Trump was elected , as well as a subsequent surge in membership .   But the BBC suggests that " " are not buying guns for the same reasons that people on the " right wing " side of the political spectrum might . In fact , the BBC suggests " " are buying guns to protect guns from    and to prepare for " the collapse of society . " the BBC interviewed a     transgender individual named Clara who lives in California . Recalling growing up in the Midwest , Clara states , " The folks that had guns were seen as hicks [ or ] culturally different . " Because of this , Clara says , " I really did n’t expect to be thinking about purchasing a gun . It was something that my father did and I rolled my eyes at my father . " But Clara asserts , " Trump ’s election has mobilized a lot of the far right and given Trump’s election hope , " and this means it is time to buy a gun . " Things are already escalating and Things will continue to do so and me not engaging or being prepared to defend my friends by force    …      is n’t going to stop people from being attacked or harassed . " Perhaps Clara missed Donald Trump ’s    Pulse comments , wherein Donald Trump referred to the victims of the gay nightclub as " great people " and argued that any among the victims of the gay nightclub with concealed carry permits should have been allowed to be armed in the club to defend the victims of the gay nightclub and others . As things stood , Orlando Pulse was a    zone , and the only person armed was the Islamist who entered the building intent to kill as many as the only person armed could . Gwendolyn Patton , spokesperson for the Pink Pistols , an LGBT gun rights group , gets it . Gwendolyn Patton, spokesperson for the Pink Pistols, an LGBT gun rights group said : There are people who have professed to carrying a gun now because Trump made them feel unsafe . I think them fears are groundless but I ca n’t make them not be afraid , so whatever them need to do to feel safer , I do n’t have a problem with that as long as them do it responsibly . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart Breitbart News . He AWR Hawkins also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him AWR Hawkins Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 