Two college students who are    Donald Trump supporters have been cleared of accusations that Two college students who are   Donald Trump supporters harassed other students after celebrating Trump ’s victory with police finding no evidence to support the hate crime claims . [ Following Trump’s ’s stunning victory against Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton , Babson College students Parker    and Edward Tomasso drove through Wellesley College in celebration .   Other students claimed Ricciardi and Edward Tomasso drove through the campus harassing    spitting , and yelling slurs at    students , according to the Boston Globe .   Ricciardi and Tomasso strongly denied the accusations , saying all they had Ricciardi and Tomasso was drive through the campus the campus ’s " Make America Great Again " slogan and waving a Trump flag . Trump Wellesley College Honor Board has fully cleared the false accusations the accusations they found Ricciardi and Tomasso evidence to support that the two men had harassed or shouted epithets at other students . Immediately following the incident , the mainstream media ran with the accusations , reporting them the accusations , which Ricciardi the mainstream media attorney say has taken a toll on the entire Ricciardi family . " This has been an extremely difficult , painful five weeks for Parker and his family , one that has Parker taken a toll on them , " Ricciardi ’s attorney Parker and his family in a Ricciardi’s attorney Globe . " They are grateful for the kindness and support of so many people , including both friends and complete strangers . Their hope is to spend some time decompressing and They the holidays . " Tomasso ’s attorney said his client was " pleased and gratified " with Tomasso’s attorney decision by the Honors Board . " Babson College certainly had a system in place to deal with allegations like this , and he trusted in the system , " Tomasso ’s Babson College said in a system in place to deal with allegations like this . " Tomasso extremely happy that his name has been cleared of Tomasso’s attorney that were completely untrue Tomasso’s attorney had no basis in fact . " New York Magazine , for instance , ran with the false hate crime accusations using a headline that read " ’White Power’ Shouts And Assaults Reported on Day After Election . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 