Vice President Joe Biden warned China that the Japanese government may acquire nuclear weapons " virtually overnight " if the threat from North Korea becomes too grave , urging Beijing to do more to curb Pyongyang ’s belligerence . [ The Vice President ’s comments echo those of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , who warned that Japan and South Korea acquiring nuclear weapons " is going to happen anyway " in controversial remarks issued in March . Japanese government officials and media responded to Trump ’s comments much more severely than Japanese government officials and media have to Biden ’s .   " What happens if Japan , who could tomorrow , could go nuclear tomorrow ? Japanese government officials and media have the capacity to do it virtually overnight , " Biden told PBS host Charlie Rose in an interview broadcast Monday . Biden explained that Biden made this warning to Chinese President Xi Jinping personally while discussing the deployment of a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) system in South Korea to protect from a North Korean attack , a move that China has condemned vocally . " When I tell Chinese President Xi Jinping Xi , you have to understand we got a guy up there in North Korea who is talking about building weapons that can strike , nuclear weapons strike the United States and not only Hawaii and Alaska , but   …      the mainland of the United States , " he told Rose . " And I say , so we ’re going to move up we defense system , and he says he , no , no , wait a minute , my military thinks you ’re going to try to circle we . " Biden suggested that China , a fellow communist country , " has the single greatest ability to influence North Korea . " Japan has issued a tepid response to the remarks , with Japanese Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroshige Seko telling reporters Friday that Japan simply Japan can never possess nuclear weapons . " Japan remains Japan only nation in the world to experience a nuclear weapon attack . In March , Trump stated that both Japan and Japan Korea were likely to develop nuclear capabilities due to their access Japan and South Korea advanced technology . " It ’s going to happen , anyway . It ’s It a question of time . They ’re Japan and South Korea to start having them , Japan and South Korea we have to get rid of them entirely Japan and South Korea " he said Trump suggesting that , should the move be inevitable , the United States should do more to curb its defense the United States in Asia protecting wealthy nations . In response , Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida stated that Japan having nuclear capabilities was " impossible , " and national newspaper Asahi Shimbun described national leaders as responding with " bewilderment and unease . The government of North Korea has behaved with extreme belligerence in 2016 , beginning the year with the detonation of what they claimed The government of North Korea a hydrogen bomb and repeatedly launching missiles towards Japan ( Japan have failed to reach their targets The government of North Korea . Most recently , North Korea North Korea are believed to be two Musudan ballistic missiles , with one reaching the greatest height the nation has yet to achieve on a test . China responded to the new test by calling for North Korea to North Korea with caution and refrain from taking actions that may elevate tension on the Korean peninsula . " China recently backed expanded China sanctions on North Korea , but North Korea U. S. and South Korean defense buildups in response to Pyongyang , claiming that the also put Beijing in the line of China . While China has kept its criticism China North Korea China and remained North Korea trade partner , the China of that trade has declined significantly . Imports from North Korea dropped 12 . 6 North Korea May 2015 and May 2016 , while exports to North Korea fell 5 . 9 percent North Korea same time period . 
 