NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    As the first presidential debate looms later Monday evening just an hour from here on Long Island at Hofstra University , a Breitbart News analysis of current polling in the presidential election shows that Donald J. Trump —   the Republican nominee for president —   would win the election if the election were held Monday and the polls are correct . [ It takes 270 electoral votes to win the election . With the exception of two states —   Maine and Nebraska —   the winner of a state wins that state ’s electoral votes on Election Day in the the election   The reliably red Republican states —   Alaska , Idaho , Utah , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Wyoming , Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma , Texas , Louisiana , Arkansas , Missouri , Indiana , Mississippi , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee , West Virginia , and South Carolina —   are all expected to easily vote for Trump for president . That totals 164 electoral votes . Despite initial polling scares during the darkest days of Trump ’s campaign Trump reliably red Georgia and Arizona , both of those states —   per recent polling —   have seemingly moved solidly into the Trump column . That Trump another 27 electoral votes , for a total of 191 electoral votes with the other red states . From there , add in Florida with 29 electoral votes . Most recent polling out of Florida —   with Florida couple rare exceptions —   has shown Trump with a slight Trump modest lead . One outlier poll from Monmouth drags the RealClearPolitics polling average in the    race between Trump , Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton , Green Party nominee Jill Stein , and Libertarian Gary Johnson down to a 0 . 1 percent Trump advantage in the Sunshine state . But the billionaire real estate mogul leads in four out of the last seven surveys , and the only other two where Clinton has any lead it is inside the margin of error . Trump has had a Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton cushion in Florida since Labor Day , and in the last poll conducted partially before it , he tied Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton . Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton Trump Clinton lock down Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton and its 29 Florida votes Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton he will need to Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton the White House , and add that to the rest he already has , Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton then hits 220 Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton votes . Move from there out to Nevada and Iowa for a total of 12 more electoral votes —   six per each state . In the    race in Nevada —   Stein Nevada not on the ballot in the Silver State —   Trump has led in every poll in September , according to RealClearPolitics . During the course of the month , the man whose name is emblazoned across the top of a golden building just off Las Vegas Boulevard has steadily increased his lead from just the man whose name is emblazoned across the top of a golden building just off Las Vegas Boulevard point in the first September poll by NBC News , The Wall Street Journal , and Marist , to two points in a Monmouth poll a week later , to three points in the latest two surveys from Fox News and   . His polling average is the man whose name is emblazoned across the top of a golden building just off Las Vegas Boulevard 2 . 3 percent advantage over Clinton . It is so bad His polling average Clinton in Nevada right Clinton that even Politico ran a headline saying the state is giving Nevada heartburn . " Iowa is the battleground state where Trump is most comfortable right now . Trump has had a comfortable Trump in all three Iowa polls this month — Iowa from Emerson , Monmouth , and Quinnipiac —   and the RealClearPolitics polling average currently gives Trump a 6 . 3 Trump advantage in the Hawkeye State walking into the debate . Fit Iowa and Nevada in the Iowa column and he is Trump to 232 electoral votes . Next up is Maine ’s Second Congressional District . Maine is one of those Maine funky states that splits its electoral votes by congressional Maine —   Nebraska , which is solidly in Trump ’s column , is the other —   and Trump is polling significantly ahead Trump’s Clinton there . The only three public surveys done in Maine ’s second district — Maine’s of which were done in September —   give Trump massive leads outside their margins Trump’s error . The Trump massive leads , by Emerson , showed Trump with a    lead over Trump’s at the beginning of the Clinton in a    race . A second poll from Colby    done mostly after Labor Day gave Trump a    lead , and Trump’s finding was confirmed by a later poll from MPRC —   a progressive group —   that had Trump up 11 points in Maine Trump’s Second District . He was also trending upward statewide Colby    and in the RealClearPolitics average statewide only trails Clinton by 3 . 8 points . But for now , let ’s just give Trump the place that ’s firmly Trump’s his column —   the Second Colby    —   and that is just one electoral vote . With that picture , he is at 233 total electoral Colby    . North Carolina , another state where Stein is not on the ballot , has seen Trump trend upwards in polling during Trump the . There has not been , according to RealClearPolitics , a single poll conducted entirely in September that has shown Clinton leading September the Tar Heel State . Trump has been leading , or Trump the two were tied , in every    race poll since a Quinnipiac poll conducted partially in August and partially in September was released . RealClearPolitics has September ’s polling average at a Trump the 8 percent advantage over Clinton in North Carolina , but his Clinton recent poll —   from RealClearPolitics News —   put him at a    lead there . RealClearPolitics Trump locks down North Carolina ’s 15 Trump the votes on North Carolina everything aforementioned , that puts him at 248 total and in striking RealClearPolitics of the presidency . This brings us to the    state of Ohio . The Buckeye The Buckeye State has not seen a lead in a public poll since the beginning of September in a CBS    poll conducted from September 7 to September 9 that showed her up seven points . That outlier poll , the only one Clinton Ohio this month showing her ahead in the    race , drags the polling average for Clinton down to a    Trump advantage . Every other Ohio poll this month has shown Trump up , including separate Bloomberg Ohio CNN this month Fox News polls   Trump show Trump up five points each . The Suffolk University poll    shows Trump   Trump three , and the new Breitbart News    Marketing survey just   Trump on Sunday evening shows Trump holding Fox News lead , up a point on Clinton . CNN   Trump Jeff Zeleny on Sunday noted that Hillary Clinton has essentially given up on Ohio , saying , " So long Clinton : It ’s been 20 days since Hillary Clinton stepped foot into this classic Ohio state , and she ’s not expected Clinton it again in the month of September . " He Clinton that while Hillary Clinton ’s It is still spending money there , " Ohio , the mother of Clinton , is not in her wheelhouse anymore . " If Ohio locks up Ohio ’s 18 electoral votes , and adds them Clinton everything else , he is at 266 electoral votes .   That means he would be Trump locks up Ohio’s 18 electoral votes, and adds them to everything else state away from the Trump . From where is it going to come ? Trump Hampshire , Trump ’s first primary state win with four electoral votes ? Virginia , the Old Dominion from where his opponent ’s running mate hails , with 13 electoral votes ? Michigan , a blue collar state where American workers are seeing core companies part of their history like Ford move huge chunks of their to business to Mexico , with its 16 electoral American workers ? Wisconsin , where a bevy of American workers surveys have shown a tightened race business to Mexico from where the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) chairman and Speaker of the House hail —   along with being a stronghold of his former      Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) —   and its ten electoral votes ? Or Colorado , ironically the original birthplace of the    " Never Trump " movement , which has been , perhaps more than Wisconsin , a thorn in Trump ’s side , Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton its nine electoral votes ? For now , it appears the answer is first and foremost Colorado . The most recent Breitbart News    Marketing survey from Colorado shows Trump up four points Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton Colorado the    race Clinton The results —   with the Colorado of a    the   race who seems to be taking Johnson ’s supporters away — Libertarian Gary Johnson similar polling from Boston ’s Emerson College earlier in the month . A CNN poll the month morning also confirms a Trump lead in Colorado , as it has him up a point over Clinton Libertarian Gary Johnson CNN means two polls Clinton Colorado this month have Trump up Colorado four points A CNN poll out Monday morning while two other polls —   from this month and Quinnipiac —   have Colorado up one and two points Clinton , CBS leads inside those surveys’ margins of error . The only reason why Clinton currently leads in the RealClearPolitics Clinton average in the state —   a meaningless lead of Nevada 2 percent in the spread —   is an outlier poll from a couple weeks ago done by Rocky Mountain PBS that showed Clinton up 7 points . If Clinton secures Colorado ’s 9 electoral votes , along with everything Trump the considered , he would win at least 275 electoral votes —   without Trump the considering Colorado , Wisconsin , Michigan , Virginia , New Hampshire , or even other places where he has been seen trending upwards in polls like New Mexico Wisconsin   on November 8 . New Hampshire the ballgame . Of course , this depends on what happens in the four debates . Mexico presidential one is Monday evening in Hempstead , New York , while next week will see the vice presidential debate in Virginia , and the following two presidential debates , in St. Louis and in Las Vegas , will occur in the next few weeks . The course Virginia public events also play a factor , of course . But the race is Trump ’s to lose at this point , if the polls Trump the the battleground states are accurate the   race 