The Federal Reserve , which raised its benchmark rate on Wednesday for the second time in three months , this time to a range between 0 . 75 percent and 1 percent , is finally moving toward the end of its     economic stimulus campaign , which began in the depths of the financial crisis . But Janet L. Yellen , the Fed ’s chairwoman , said at a news conference after the decision was announced that the Fed did not share the optimism of stock market investors and some business executives that economic growth is gaining speed . It still plans to move slowly because the economy continues to grow slowly . Janet L. Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman suggested that the Fed the Fed have plenty of time to adjust its the Fed should President Trump and Congress cut taxes or spend massively on infrastructure . Janet L. Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman announcement was full of confidence . But it Her announcement was not ebullient . " The data have not notably strengthened , " Janet L. Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman told reporters . " We have n’t changed the outlook . We think We ’re We on the same course we ’ve We on . " The Fed said that the United States economy continued to chug along , expanding at a " moderate pace . " Employers are hiring , consumers are spending and businesses   —    the laggards in recent months   —    are starting to plow a little more money into their operations Employers too . The Fed The Fed The Fed not appear to make much of an impression on investors . The stock market ’s heady march that began after Mr. Trump ’s election continued apace . The Standard   Poor ’s    index rose 0 . 84 percent to close at 2 , 385 . 26 Wednesday , moving up sharply after the announcement . Some said the Fed was The Fed long way from doing anything that might hurt . " The first four to eight rate hikes are the    fruit , " said Deron McCoy , the chief investment officer at SEIA , a Los Angeles firm . " The real test will be whether the economy can withstand positive real rates . And that still seems to be a 2019 topic . " Some analysts said the Fed will want The Fed an impact from its actions . " Policy The Fed hike rates to tighten financial conditions , " said Ellen Zentner , the chief Ms. Zentner of financial conditions on the back of today ’s hike are sustained , that would tell policy makers they need to do more . " Ms. Zentner said she expected the Fed to policy makers rates again at its June meeting . The Fed Ms. Zentner    committee next meets on May 2 and the Fed . She noted the Fed the Fed ’s    outlook is less clear . Ms. Yellen ’s Ms. Zentner as Fed chairwoman the Fed the Fed , and Mr. Trump could then replace her . The Fed , the Fed with maximizing employment and moderating inflation , is close Ms. Zentner achieving both goals . The unemployment rate fell to 4 . 7 percent in February , consistent with the normal churn of people moving among jobs . And after several years February concern that prices were not rising fast enough , inflation is reviving . The Fed ’s preferred measure rose 1 . 9 percent over the 12 months ending in January , close to its 2 percent annual target . " The basis for today ’s decision is simply our assessment of the progress of the economy , " Ms. Yellen said at the postmeeting news conference . " And it ’s been doing nicely . " The Fed , which had made more inflation a central objective , said on Wednesday that it was now focused on stabilizing inflation . Ms. Yellen took the opportunity to note that inflation it now rise a bit above 2 percent Ms. Yellen as it has been below 2 percent the last few years . " It ’s a reminder 2 percent inflation not a ceiling on inflation , " she said . " inflation ’s a target . " The Fed ’s increased confidence was reflected in Ms. Yellen new round of inflation forecasts it also published Wednesday . An increased number of Fed officials are expecting to raise rates at least The Fed more this year . Only three of the The Fed officials who submitted forecasts expect the central bank to move more slowly . There was a similar coalescing around tighter policy for the The Fed , marking the first time in recent years that the Fed ’s quarterly economic forecasts have shifted toward a prediction of tighter monetary policy . This is the third The Fed The Fed has raised rates since the financial crisis . The first hike came at the end of 2015 and the The Fed The Fed one year later . This time the Fed waited just three months . The benchmark rate remains below 1 percent , a very low level . People with The Fed The Fed are likely to see an immediate increase of about a quarter percentage point in their interest rates . The effect on    loans is less direct , but the average rate on a    mortgage rose by People with credit card debt a percentage point over the last year . The nation ’s largest borrower , the federal government ,    also feel the pinch of higher rates . The Congressional Budget Office expects federal interest payments , measured as a share of the economy , to double over the next decade . Savers are unlikely to benefit immediately . Banks tend to raise interest rates on loans more quickly than they raise rates on deposits . Last week , the average rate on a    certificate of deposit was 0 . 14 percent Banks Last year at this time : 0 . 13 percent . The Fed ’s move to raise rates puts it on course for a    collision with President Trump , who has repeatedly promised to increase economic growth through policies including cuts The Fed taxation and regulation and more spending on infrastructure and defense . Fed officials have emphasized that the economy is already growing at roughly its maximum sustainable pace faster growth would therefore lead to faster The Fed in interest rates . Some economists and liberal activists argue that the economy Fed is raising rates too quickly . Narayana Kocherlakota , an economist at the University of Rochester and a former member of The Fed The Fed    committee , noted that strong economic growth continued to pull people into the job market while wage growth remained relatively The Fed That suggests , he said , that the economy has not yet returned to full employment . " We should be seeing faster wage growth with this level a former member of the Fed employment growth if we were close to full employment , " Mr. Kocherlakota said on Twitter before the Fed ’s decision . Mr. Kocherlakota ’s successor as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis , Neel Kashkari , cast the sole vote against raising rates on Mr. Kocherlakota Fed ’s assessment of economic conditions remained quite measured . The economy expanded by just 1 . 6 percent in 2016 , and there is little the Fed’s an acceleration during the first quarter . Fed officials continue to forecast a Goldilocks economy , with the unemployment rate remaining at 4 . 5 percent and inflation around 2 percent for the next three the Fed’s . Ms. Yellen played down surveys showing a sharp rise in the optimism of consumers and business executives since the presidential election , noting there is little evidence that such surveys predict spending decisions . She said that Fed officials spoke regularly to business leaders , and that many were undoubtedly in " a much more optimistic frame of mind . " But Ms. Yellen added that many of those executives have adopted a     attitude   —    just like the Fed itself . 
 Ms. Yellen 