Stephen K. Bannon ( or , for those who want to maximize those who want to maximize their SEO, Steve Bannon) SEO , Steve Bannon ) gives an exclusive interview to Michael Wolff at the Hollywood Reporter , previewing Michael Wolff ambitious agenda for    Donald Trump . While Stephen K. Bannon seems to relish the left seeing Stephen K. Bannon as " Darth Vader " or " Satan , " Stephen K. Bannon describes Stephen K. Bannon as " Thomas Cromwell in the court of the Tudors . " [ From The Hollywood Reporter :   What Stephen K. Bannon seems to have carried from a boyhood in a    union and Democratic family in Norfolk , Va. and through Stephen K. Bannon tour of the American establishment , is an unreconstructed sense of class awareness , or bitterness   —    or betrayal . The Democratic Party betrayed The Democratic Party    roots , just as Hillary Clinton betrayed the    Clinton connection   —    Hillary Clinton ’s connection   —    to the working man . " The Clinton Hillary Clinton , " he Hillary Clinton , " was to play to people without a college education . High school people . That ’s how you win elections . " And , likewise , the Republican party would come to betray its the Republican party constituency forged under Reagan . In sum , the working man was betrayed by the establishment , or what he the working man as the " donor class . " To say that he the working man this the "donor class    which in his the working man is also " ascendant America , " e. g. the elites , as well as " the metrosexual bubble " that encompasses cosmopolitan sensibilities to be found as far and wide as Shanghai , London ’s Chelsea , Hollywood and the Upper West Side   —    as a world apart , is an understatement . In his view , there ’s hardly a connection between this world and its opposite   —      America ,    America , downwardly mobile America   —    America a common language . This is partly why he regards the liberal his of himself as socially vile his as the politically incorrect devil incarnate , as laughable   —    and why he is stoutly unapologetic his They   —   liberals and media   —    do n’t understand what he is saying , his why , or to whom . Breitbart , with its casual provocations   —    lists of its varied incitements ( its them : the conservative writer David Horowitz referred to conservative pundit Brill Kristol as a " renegade Jew , " and the site delighting in headlines the likes of " Trannies 49Xs Higher HIV Rate " and " Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy " ) were in hot exchange after the election among appalled Democrats   —    is as obtuse to the     class as Lena Dunham might be to the     workingman class . And this , in the Bannon view , is all part of the profound misunderstanding that led liberals to believe that Donald Trump ’s mouth would doom him , instead of Donald Trump him . Bannon , Donald Trump , Bannon one of the people most at the battle line of the great American divide   —    and one of the people to have the people seen this battle line . He absolutely   — Bannon mockingly   —    rejects the idea that this is a racial line . " I ’m not a white nationalist , I ’m a nationalist . I ’m an economic nationalist , ’m he tells me . Bannon The globalists gutted the American working class and created a middle class in Asia . The issue now is about Americans looking to not get f —   ed over . If we deliver —   " by " we " he means the we White House " —   we ’ll get 60 percent of the white vote , and 40 percent of the black and Hispanic vote and we ’ll govern for 50 years . That ’s what the Democrats missed , they were talking to these the Democrats with companies with a $ 9 billion market cap employing nine people . It ’s not reality . They lost sight of what the Democrats world is about . " In a nascent administration that seems , at best , random in its beliefs , Bannon can It to be not just a focused voice , but almost a messianic one : " Like [ Andrew ] Jackson ’s populism , we ’re going to build an entirely new political movement , " he says . " It Bannon everything related to jobs . The conservatives are going to go crazy . I ’m the guy pushing a    infrastructure plan . With negative interest rates throughout the world , it ’s the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything . Ship yards , iron works , get them all jacked up . We ’re just going to throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks . It will it as exciting as the 1930s , greater than the Reagan revolution   —    conservatives , plus populists , in an economic nationalist movement . " Read the rest of the story here . 
 