In the wake of Hillary Clinton ’s health scare during the September 11 commemoration event Sunday morning and Hillary Clinton’s campaign ’s belated admission that Hillary Clinton’s had been diagnosed with pneumonia , filmmaker Michael Moore has urged the Democratic presidential candidate to take a break from the campaign trail . [ " Hillary : U need to REST . Take the wk off . Take 2 . Let the rest of us pull the weight . Every1 can do a little . Who ’s    me ? Tweet * IWorkHRest , " filmmaker Michael Moore tweeted on Sunday .   Hillary : U need to REST . Take the wk off . Take 2 . Let the the rest of us the weight us Every1 the weight a little Every1 Who ’s    me ? Tweet # IWorkHRest ,   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Responding to videos appearing to show Clinton requiring help from several aides in getting into her motorcade van , Moore Clinton her staff for not " Clinton her . " Feel so Clinton for Hillary . Watch the video Clinton her at van . Hardly Clinton helping her . Just 1 woman Clinton her arm at 1st . Clinton just standing around .   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 11 , 2016 ,   No husband , no Huma , SS looking like keystone cops   pathetic campaign hacks more concerned about blocking view of cameras than helping her .   —    Michael Moore ( —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint)   Clinton ’s campaign announced on Sunday that the candidate had been diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday . " Secretary Clinton has been experience a cough related to allergies . Clinton , during follow up evaluation of her prolonged cough , she Friday diagnosed with pneumonia . She was Clinton on antibiotics , Clinton advised to rest pneumonia modify Clinton schedule . While at this morning ’s event , she became Clinton and dehydrated , " Clinton ’s doctor , Dr. Clinton Bardack , said in a statement Clinton Moore supports Clinton ’s candidacy but has derided the Democrat as " Wall Street Clinton candidate . " The    ripped Clinton ’s campaign for keeping her pneumonia diagnosis " hidden Clinton three days Clinton Well , pneumonia . Clinton ’s serious . Campaign kept it hidden    . No wonder the crazies get traction . Dems are pros at losing elections Campaign   —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Republican presidential contender Donald Trump has questioned Clinton ’s strength and stamina in recent weeks . However , Trump said Monday that he finds " no satisfaction " in Clinton ’s health woes . " Republican presidential contender Donald Trump was quite sad Republican presidential contender Donald Trump to be honest with you , Clinton’s said on CNBC ’s Squawk Box " I hope she gets well soon . She was Republican presidential contender Donald Trump very , very badly a week ago . This Republican presidential contender Donald Trump n’t the first time Republican presidential contender Donald Trump I want her to get better , I want her to get out there . I look forward to Republican presidential contender Donald Trump her in the debate . " Republican presidential contender Donald Trump a special edition of HBO ’s Real Time with Bill Republican presidential contender Donald Trump in July , Moore predicted : " Trump is going to win . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 