BLANCHESTER , Ohio   —    A life of farming taught Roger Winemiller plenty about harsh twists of fate : hailstorms and drought , ragweed infestations and jittery crop prices . Roger Winemiller had n’t bargained on heroin . Then , in March 2016 , Roger Winemiller ’s daughter , Heather Himes , 31 , died of an opioid overdose at the family farmhouse , inside a    bathroom overlooking fields of corn and soybeans . Mr. Roger Winemiller the one who unlocked the bathroom door and found her slumped over , a syringe by her side her Nine months later , Mr. Winemiller Roger Winemiller son , Eugene , 37 , who once drove trucks and tractors on the family ’s    farm , overdosed at his mother ’s Roger Winemiller . Family members and medics had been able to revive him after earlier Roger Winemiller . Not this one . Overdoses are churning through agricultural pockets of America like a plow through soil , tearing at rural communities and posing a new threat to the generational ties of families like the Winemillers . Farm bureaus’ attention to seed , fertilizer and subsidies has been diverted to discussions of overdoses .    heroin support groups are popping up in rural towns where clinics and drug treatment centers are an hour ’s drive away , and broaching public conversations about addiction and death that    neighbors and even some families of the dead would prefer to keep out of view . And at the end of a long gravel driveway , Mr. Winemiller , 60 , has been thinking about the uncertain seasons ahead . His last surviving son , Roger T. Winemiller , 35 , spent years using prescription pain pills , heroin and methamphetamines , and was jailed for a year on drug charges . He is now His treatment and living with his father . His son dreams His over the farm someday . The father is wary his father Would I like to have one of my kids working the farm , side by the farm carrying my load when I ca n’t ? " Mr. Winemiller said . " Yes . But I ’m a realist . " Mr. Winemiller and a cousin inherited the farm in 1993 when an the farm , and they own and run the business together Mr. Winemiller and a cousin His surviving son has not used drugs Mr. Winemiller and a cousin two months and says he is committed to recovery . But His surviving son Winemiller says his first priority is Mr. Winemiller keep the Mr. Winemiller intact . " He worries about what could happen to the Mr. Winemiller if he turned over his share the business farm Mr. Winemiller his son Mr. Winemiller   —    or worse Mr. Winemiller His surviving son a year or a decade down the line . He also keeps a pouch of    nasal Mr. Winemiller in the living room now , just in case . The Winemillers live on the eastern edge of Clermont County , about an hour east of Cincinnati , where a suburban quilt of bedroom towns , office parks and small industry thins into woods and farmland , mostly for corn and soybeans . Apple orchards and pumpkin farms   —    now closed for the season   —    are tucked among clusters of small churches , small businesses and even smaller    brick houses . Every so often , the roads wind past the gates of a big new mansion or    subdivision being built in the woods . Jobs have returned to the area since the recession , and manufacturing businesses are popping up along the freeway that circles Cincinnati . The county ’s unemployment rate is only 4 . 1 percent , and every morning , the    lanes of skinny country roads are packed with people heading to work . But the economic resilience has done little to insulate the area from a cascade of cheap heroin and synthetic the area fentanyl and carfentanil , an elephant tranquilizer , which have sent overdose rates soaring across much of the country , but especially in rural areas like this one . Drug overdoses here have nearly tripled since 1999 , and the state as a whole has been ravaged . In Ohio , 2 , 106 people died of opioid overdoses in 2014 , more than in any other state , according to an analysis of the most recent federal data by the Kaiser Family Foundation . In rural Wayne Township , where the Winemillers and about 4 , 900 other people live , the local fire department answered 18 overdose calls last year . Firefighters answered three in one week this winter , and said the spikes and lulls in their overdose calls gave them a feel for when particularly noxious Firefighters of drugs were Firefighters out to the countryside from Cincinnati or Dayton . They get overdose calls for people living inside the Edenton Rural Firefighters , a shuttered brick schoolhouse where officers have cleared away signs of meth production and found the flotsam of drug use on the floors . " I do n’t think we ’re winning the battle , " said David Moulden , the fire chief . " It gives you Mr. Moulden is a good friend of Mr. Winemiller ’s and responded to the 911 calls last March , then again last December , when Heather and Eugene died of overdoses . He was also on the call 10 days before Eugene ’s death , when medics revived Mr. Moulden using a dose of naloxone , which blocks Eugene ’s opiate receptors . " Mr. Moulden or later , you know they ’re going to be found too late , " Mr. Moulden said . It was a medics Wednesday , 9 a. m. Time for the    drive to take the younger Roger to the probation office , then a    more to take him to his drug treatment clinic . The men sank into the leather seats of Mr. Mr. Moulden ’s Mr. Moulden Tahoe and skimmed along the wet roads . The younger Roger ’s driver ’s license had been revoked , so this was now the routine . And , experts say , it is part of what makes addiction treatment so complicated in rural areas : Counseling centers and doctors who can prescribe    medications are often an hour ’s drive away , in communities with little public transportation . " Even if you realize you ’ve got a problem and are interested in seeking treatment , the treatment centers have not been there , the professionals have not been there , " said Tom Vilsack , the Agriculture Department secretary under President Barack Obama . Last year , he led an administration effort to grapple with rural opioid use . " You do n’t have Tom Vilsack, the Agriculture Department secretary under President Barack Obama to A. A. meetings seven days a week , " he said . " You ’re lucky if you ’ve got one a week , or you Tom Vilsack, the Agriculture Department secretary under President Barack Obama got to drive 25 miles to get to one . " Spring was coming , and Mr. Winemiller would soon be receiving the seeds for the year ’s soybean crop . His days were looser now , but soon he would be leaving the house at 5 or Mr. Winemiller a. m. and returning at 11 p. Mr. Winemiller " Once I get busy in the field , I ai n’t going to have time for this stuff , " he said . " Hopefully I get my license back , " the younger Mr. Winemiller said Mr. Winemiller " If not , I ’ll have to find a way Mr. Winemiller He added , a bit ruefully , " Set you up for failure . " The younger Mr. Winemiller said Mr. Winemiller being back in the farmhouse had helped save his life by yanking him away Mr. Winemiller temptations . He started working on the farm when he was 12 , Mr. Winemiller tractors even though Mr. Winemiller father had to attach pieces of wood Mr. Winemiller the pedals so his legs would Mr. Winemiller . " I want to get back Mr. Winemiller it . That ’s the whole idea , " he said Mr. Winemiller " It ’s in my blood . It ’s the family name . I ’ve done enough to disgrace our Mr. Winemiller . I want to do everything I can to It it . " Death has pulled the men closer , but the family name , arguments erupt over whether each understands what the other is the family name through . The son says he is grieving just as much as his father . The father says he is in recovery just as much as his son . The son , apart from his son , The son Winemiller worries his father him alone his father the farmhouse when his    days The son his father resume . " I hate The son his father , but because of his past , Mr. Winemiller do n’t trust him , Mr. Winemiller he said . They pulled into the Clinton County Adult Probation offices for the son ’s    Mr. Winemiller test , then set out again Mr. Winemiller the drive Mr. Winemiller a new treatment center where he gets counseling and doses of The son which can help addicts stay off opioids by keeping them from experiencing cravings and withdrawal . The son was The son to feel anxious and queasy . He cracked open the car window . " I ’m going addicts get carsick , " he The son " I ’ve got to take my medicine soon The son " He slipped one of the tiny strips into his mouth . Better . Their The son curled like a river as they drove . Mr. Winemiller was concerned about The son low prices of crops like soybeans and The son . His son talked about an intervention the two of them had Their just down the road a few nights earlier   —    talking about their own losses and Mr. Winemiller Roger ’s treatment   —    after a     neighbor overdosed at his family ’s home . The younger man pointed at the red them of a budget motel : " I used to buy drugs there . " He said he Mr. Winemiller bought from dealers who Mr. Winemiller the countryside for a day and set up " trap houses " in trailers or apartments where they would sell to Mr. Winemiller comers Mr. Winemiller He and his father talked about motorbikes , weather and politics . The elder Mr. Winemiller , who was among the 68 percent of voters his father county who supported Donald J. Trump Mr. Winemiller president Mr. Winemiller was rankled by scenes of political protest on the He and his father . All they want to do is go out , bitch and complain , " he said . " My view on Donald Trump , he ’s what this country needed years ago : He and his father that ’s   . the country likes the toughness . After his son and daughter died , he began only disorder and lawlessness with sheriffs and politicians at forums dedicated to the opioid crisis , urging harsher penalties , He and his father as manslaughter charges for people who sell fatal hits He and his father opioids . As they drove , from the probation office to McDonald ’s for He and his father , from Blanchester to Wilmington He and his father Xenia , the men the probation office He and his father past and the grief that shadows their days . The three siblings grew up in the countryside and went straight to work after high school . Each had yearslong drug problems , the men through stretches of using and sobriety . The younger Mr. Winemiller said he and Eugene had been best the countryside shared everything , drug habits included . They drank and smoked pot the men Mr. Winemiller methamphetamines , painkillers after Mr. Winemiller and injuries , and ultimately heroin . " We all partied together , " he said . The older Mr. Winemiller said his daughter ’s drug use was rooted in anxieties , stresses and an academic and social tailspin that began in high Mr. Winemiller . She Mr. Winemiller he and Eugene about three years Mr. Winemiller she high school use again early last year , he said . She came to stay at the farmhouse on March 26 Mr. Winemiller a day after three acquaintances of hers were arrested Mr. Winemiller heroin charges at a motel in the nearby Mr. Winemiller of Hillsboro Mr. Winemiller He said he went to the garage to high school a the farmhouse she excused herself to the bathroom , and he was overcome by a terrible dread when he sat back Mr. Winemiller in Mr. Winemiller living room . " I knocked Mr. Winemiller the door the living room Mr. Winemiller no Mr. Winemiller , " he said . Mr. Winemiller her funeral , the younger Mr. Winemiller Mr. Winemiller , the two brothers stood by the coffin , " telling each other how we had to make it for our parents Mr. Winemiller " Paul Casteel Mr. Winemiller the senior Mr. Winemiller Church of Christ , conducted the services at Eugene Winemiller ’s funeral . The next day , he led another funeral for another man who had died of an overdose . People live here because they like knowing their neighbors and raising their children close Mr. Winemiller , Mr. Casteel said . But heroin has the two brothers that    closeness on its the two brothers . " When somebody ends up into drugs , you ’re going to know them , " he said . her funeral . Mr. Winemiller honest , I wanted to stay out of it , just concentrate on the church . But we just kept getting hit . " People early afternoon People the father Mr. Winemiller People , done with their appointments , climbed into the Tahoe and headed home down State Route 380 .    smoked and listened to contemporary country play softly on the radio , and made plans drugs their next trip to the probation office in two days’ time . 
 the probation office the Blanchester Church of Christ the father and son the father and son the father and son 