Four recent polls of the South Carolina GOP primary show that Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz among the 65 percent of likely GOP primary voters who    as evangelical Christians . [ CNN , Public Policy Polling ( PPP ) Emerson College , and Opinion Savvy polls all show that Donald Trump ’s    lead among the general population is accompanied by a similar lead among evangelicals .   According to the CNN poll , conducted between February 10 and February 15 , Donald Trump leads Cruz in the general population by 16 points , 38 percent to 22 percent . lead among the general population is even larger among evangelicals : Donald Trump holds an even broader lead among white evangelical voters in the state , who typically make up a majority of Republican primary voters . Donald Trump tops Cruz Cruz nearly 20 points among this group : 42 % Trump , 23 % Cruz , 14 % Rubio , 9 % Bush , 5 % Carson and 1 % Kasich . The Emerson College poll , conducted between February 15 and February 16 , shows Trump with an overall 13 point lead over Cruz , 33 percent to 20 percent , and with an equally strong 12 point lead over Cruz , 39 percent to 27 percent , among evangelicals . The PPP poll , conducted between Feb 14 and Feb 15 , shows Trump leading Cruz and Rubio , who are tied for second , overall by 17 points , 35 percent to 18 percent , but also leading Cruz Cruz the evangelicals who comprised 62 percent of its sample , by 13 points , 35 percent to 22 percent . An earlier poll by Opinion Savvy and the Augusta Chronicle , conducted between February 10 and February 11 , showed similar results . Trump Trump Cruz Cruz by 16 points , 36 percent to 20 percent , and among evangelicals by 9 points , 32 percent to 23 percent . The results are remarkably different from the Iowa GOP caucuses , where evangelical voters favored Cruz Cruz Trump by a 12 point margin , 34 to 22 , according to entrance polls reported by the Washington Post . It was the record 64 percent turnout of evangelicals that powered Cruz Cruz 27 percent to 23 percent victory over Trump Trump February 1 in the Iowa Iowa caucuses . The Des Moines Register poll , released two days before the caucuses , gave Trump Trump 5 point , 28 percent to 23 percent lead over Cruz in Iowa Iowa but that poll dramatically    evangelicals , which it The Des Moines Register poll supported Cruz over Trump Trump a 14 point margin , 33 percent to 19 percent . That poll , however , did add this caveat : If evangelicals turn out with the same force as in 2012 , the race will be closer . This That poll 47 percent of likely Republican caucusgoers identify themselves as 47 percent of likely Republican caucusgoers or    Christians . Entrance polling four years ago measured 57 percent . When Selzer rejiggered the new Iowa Poll results to reflect a hypothetical 60 percent evangelical turnout , the race the race Trump gets 26 percent of their support , Trump Cruz gets 25 percent . Had the Des Moines Register poll included a sample size of 64 % evangelicals   —   the actual turnout   —    the poll results would likely have shown a tie or slight edge for Cruz , since Cruz 14 point advantage it ascribed to Cruz among evangelicals Cruz mirrored the 12 point advantage entrance polls showed he had on caucus night . Nationally , however , Trump has consistently led Cruz among evangelicals Cruz In New Hampshire , where only 23 percent of those who vote in GOP Primaries    as evangelicals , Trump soundly beat Trump field by 19 points , winning 35 percent to second place John Kasich ’s 16 percent . But among New Hampshire evangelicals New Hampshire beat Cruz Trump 4 points , 27 percent to 23 percent . What , then , can explain the difference in the levels of Cruz ’s support among Cruz in Iowa and South Carolina ? USA Today offers its own take on USA Today rise of Trump among South Trump ’s evangelicals , reporting that there is " a fissure that ’s opened wide among South Carolina evangelicals in South Carolina to the GOP presidential preference primary on Feb. 20 , " as quoted here : The cracks began to open in 2012 when a    Newt Gingrich won South Carolina , but it South Carolina ripped wide open The cracks a    Trump . As candidates court the roughly 65 % of GOP voters in the state who count themselves as evangelicals , many of GOP voters voters are looking beyond faith to choose their candidate . Instead , evangelicals those voters split into two camps and the divide has grown in the 20 years that Michael Lindsay , a sociologist who wrote the    book Faith in the Halls of Power : How Evangelicals Joined the American Elite , has studied evangelicalism in politics . Trump , and to a lesser extent Cruz , have tapped into the " populist evangelicals , " those    folks who listen to conservative talk radio , are drawn to mass rallies and hold the idea that motivating great masses of people is the way to achieve political influence , Lindsay said . In this election , the populist ,    sentiment has dominated so far , and Trump , the unlikely evangelical candidate , has benefited , he said . Hogan Gidley ,    executive director Gidley a theory . " First , in Iowa you get to work at it for a year . Second , there are plenty of big name evangelicals in Iowa for sale . Flash a little money around and you can a theory them in a heartbeat , and their networks are massive , " Gidley tells Iowa News from his home in Columbia , South Carolina . " Cruz big name evangelicals in Iowa for sale able to cover a lot big name evangelicals in Iowa for sale his warts in Iowa , but a lot of those Breitbart News are coming out . Evangelicals in South Carolina do n’t like what they ’re hearing and Cruz they ’ve Iowa from him , " he says . " For example , Ted Cruz South Carolina is ‘ I ’m as Evangelicals in South Carolina as Reagan but a Evangelicals in South Carolina better than Jesus.’ Cruz you ’re Cruz to make those claims , you Cruz " Gidley adds . " Ted Cruz does n’t tithe . He will lie and cheat and steal votes from Ben Carson . The simplest of evangelical tasks is to ask for forgiveness when you Cruz wrong , but on the Cruz debate stage the other night , he blamed CNN and did n’t ask for forgiveness , " he continues . " South Carolinians realize the presidency is a secular office . You do n’t have to be Cruz us to get our votes , you just ca n’t Cruz to us and expect to get our votes , " he notes , " If you ’re going to parade South Carolinians around as South Carolinians of Chrisian virtue , you ’re going to South Carolinians to be pretty airtight our votes comes to Cruz own Christian behavior , " Gidley says . Breitbart News pointed out that as a former staffer on Governor Mike Huckabee ’s campaign , Gidley is likely to be biased against Cruz , particularly in light of the fact that the Texas senator supplanted Huckabee , who won the 2008 Iowa caucuses on the strength of Gidley support , among Iowa evangelicals . " Huckabee does n’t like any phony , and neither do I , " Gidley responded . Judson Phillips , founder of Tea Party Nation the Texas senator supplanted Huckabee, who won the 2008 Iowa caucuses on the strength of their support, among Iowa evangelicals a campaign surrogate Iowa Ted Cruz , Governor Mike Huckabee a markedly different interpretation . " To paraphrase Benjamin Disraeli , there Gidley lies , Phillips , including the polls in Iowa that said Trump was going to win a huge victory in Iowa , " Phillips tells Breitbart News . " I have not seen the polling , but I am on Iowa ground in South Carolina . I fail to see how Donald Iowa resonates with Evangelical voters on a large scale . Evangelical voters are not monolithic , but they are generally value voters . I do n’t see how Trump relates to them with his prior support for every form of abortion and his massive giving Trump Democrats , " he says . " Ted Cruz is an evangelical . He speaks the language Evangelical voters walks the walk . Ted Cruz ’s dad is a Trump preacher who Evangelical voters been Trump the ground in South Carolina . " Phillips Trump : I really ca n’t see how Trump voters support Donald Trump . Trump is the guy Ted Cruz MSNBC called ‘ The most LGBT friendly Republican Ted Cruz evangelicals believe marriage is between one man and one woman and want the GOP to do something about the Obergefell decision ( the Supreme Court decision on homosexual marriage ) . Donald Trump Donald Trump out and said , do n’t do anything . It is now the law of the land . " In Iowa , evangelical voters overwhelmingly supported Ted Cruz . Demographically , South Carolina is much closer to Iowa than it is to New Hampshire Trump New Hampshire Cruz to do exceptionally well Iowa evangelical voters , " Cruz South Carolina Trump ’s    Iowa in the most South Carolina polls , most experts expect the race in South Carolina to tighten Cruz now and primary election day on Saturday . 
 South Carolina Phillips Donald Trump 