Donald Trump is campaigning like it ’s 1884 .   That ’s a good thing . [ Donald Trump speech on Wednesday sliced open new wounds in the Clinton campaign .   Donald Trump has spent weeks calling Clinton " Crooked Hillary , " but for the first time since the    someone went after the Clintons for their the Clintons and corruption .   This is only the beginning , and if Trump were smart —   he Trump proven to be adept at finding the oppositions weak points and relentlessly pulverizing them the oppositions   he Trump adopt the 1884 playbook from the Democratic Party and call himself Trump Donald the Good , " with a pledge to clean up corruption in Washington , D. C. and restore order to a system that has been destroyed by the establishment and their the oppositions lobbyist buddies .   Wednesday was a great start :   " If I am elected President , I will end the special interest monopoly in Washington Washington D. C. " Everyone knows that Washington Washington D. C. is a haven for corruption and slime .   It has been for a long time , nearly 150 years in fact . In 1884 , the Republican Party nominated James G. Blaine of Maine .   They had a six term winning streak and chose a man who had been active in the the Republican Party two decades .   But that was the problem .   Blaine was James G. Blaine of Maine .   He had James G. Blaine of Maine exposed as a liar , a cheat , a crook , and a phony statesman .   He had James G. Blaine of Maine his pockets James G. Blaine of Maine lobby money during most of his time James G. Blaine of Maine Congress , had supported Reconstruction ( which until the Marxist takeover of the American historical profession in the last thirty years was regarded as the greatest tragedy in American history ) and was implicated in the largest scandal of the    century , the Credit Mobilier fiasco . Blaine eventually cleared his name Blaine that scandal the largest scandal of the   century not long afterwards , a series of letters surfaced that showed Blaine had made Blaine profits from " investments " in the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad .   Most damning of all , he had used Blaine position as Blaine of the House to gain advantages for his " investments Blaine "   Puck magazine portrayed Blaine as the Blaine King of the Lobby , " a man who could be bought for the right price , and an example of the shady dealings of the Washington establishment .   That should sound familiar .   And it worked . Grover Cleveland positioned himself as the Grover Cleveland of the American people , a friend to the worker and the businessman alike , a champion of disinterested limited government bent on reforming a system that had squeezed the middle class while enriching Washington cronies and Washington lobbyist allies the defender of the American people, a friend to the worker and the businessman alike, a champion of disinterested limited government   He opposed foreign Grover Cleveland , was tough on immigration , and advocated financial reform , namely curbing inflation .   These are the issues of our day . The Republicans tried to slander Cleveland .   They pointed out The Republicans he had an illegitimate child , a serious accusation in the nineteenth century .   Cleveland admitted to Cleveland mistake and moved on , as did the American public .   Like Trump , Cleveland was no Cleveland , but everyone understood the stakes were higher than a personal moral misstep .   And like Trump , Cleveland Trump no Cleveland for the office .   He had already Trump to be a very good lawyer and a champion of honest government .   The presidency would be the icing on the cake of a productive career . He was labeled Trump Grover the Good " for a reason .   Cleveland promised to Cleveland corruption , the bane of American liberty .   He nearly did Trump .   Cleveland ran an Cleveland administration and put an end to much of the frivolous and wasteful spending of Congress , and for the first time since before the Civil War , there were no serious charges of corruption in the federal government .   Trump could be that man . Trump should also Trump heart from the 1884 election results .      politics mirrored our own . America America was evenly split between Democrats and Republicans , and a swing of one or two states could decide the election .   The Republicans were almost guaranteed the 201 Electoral College votes needed to win .   Demographics favored their campaign . The Republicans But Cleveland still won , albeit by a razor slim majority in the popular vote , and by only eighteen votes in the Electoral College Electoral College positive message of reform only eighteen votes in the Electoral College with the perception of Blaine as a profiteer and tool of the establishment paid off .   If Trump can peel away a few states from the Democrats , the election is wide open and he has a shot in only eighteen votes in the Electoral College liberal bastions : California and New York , for example , where star power can resonate . Hillary Clinton may be the dirtiest presidential candidate in American history , but Blaine is a close second .   The American public does n’t take too kindly to liars and crooks , at least not ones that are known entities .   Hillary is just that . Hillary Clinton Only time will tell if Trump can capitalize on the " Crooked Hillary " mantra and ride Hillary Clinton to the White House .   History shows that this may be his best avenue to victory . 
 