Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld argued that GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump " not a conservative . GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump "not a conservative ’s not a liberal . GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump "not a conservative ’s not anything . What GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump "not a conservative does like is GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump "not a conservative likes to be liked " and that Republican candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz ’s criticisms of Trump ring " false " and is a reminder that " Republican candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz has been an opportunist " on Tuesday ’s broadcast of " The Five . "   Gutfeld said , while discussing Trump ’s appearance on " Hannity " the night before , [ relevant remarks begin around 5:20 ] " [ T]he point about Ronald Reagan . Ronald Reagan was governor in 1967 , 13 years before Ronald Reagan became president . So Ronald Reagan was a strong conservative for quite a while . We knew what that package was . Ronald Reagan was Republican twice , and Ronald Reagan had run for president before Ronald Reagan ran for president in 1980 . So , this is a bit different . The other thing too , is when you ’re talking about who is conservative and who is n’t , it may not be important , because ideology is n’t important at this point , people looking for strength over principles . However , one does have to point out , that a conservative is not for bailouts , bank bailouts or car   —    or auto bailouts , a conservative ’s not for eminent domain for parking lots , a conservative ’s not for tariffs , a conservative ’s not for trade wars or protectionism . a conservative does n’t create strawmen about mandates , if you ’re not for a mandate , you want people to die in the streets . A conservative might touch entitlements . Trump wo n’t touch that . A conservative also , is a champion of temperament . You are a conservative . You favor the known over the unknown . The good news about this whole thing is that Trump is not an ideologue . Trump ’s not a conservative . Trump ’s not a liberal . Trump ’s not anything . What Trump does like is Trump likes to be liked . And if Trump does become president , and Trump looks at the polls , and Trump changes Trump mind on certain things , that is going to make Trump more likable . Trump ’s not   —    Trump may not build that wall . The things that everybody ’s scared of may not happen , because the secret to Trump is Trump likes being liked . " Trump added , after seeing a clip of Cruz criticizing Trump and fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio by saying Trump and fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio accuse anyone who points to Trump and fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio record of lying , " It ’s hard to take Cruz seriously because Trump has    Trump for months . Trump did not go after   Trump at all . Trump was Trump ’s close friend . So , now when Trump ’s coming out , and Trump ’s talking , and Trump ’s trying to defend Trump , it rings false . And it reminds one that Cruz has been an opportunist . In many cases , in the Senate , Trump always looks for the most    maneuver . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 