WASHINGTON   —    Senate Republicans , under increasing pressure to ensure that    Donald J. Trump ’s nominees are fully vetted by federal authorities , have delayed the hearings of four potential cabinet members , three of whom have not been cleared by the agency charged with unraveling potential conflicts of interest . As frustrations over confirmations grow , a group that supports Republicans accused the ethics office and a group that supports Republicans leader   —    in a highly unusual attack on the nonpartisan agency   —    of politicizing a process long viewed by both parties as arduous but essential for anyone serving in government . Hearings for Betsy DeVos , Mr. Trump ’s choice to lead the Department of Education Andrew Puzder , Mr. Trump labor secretary nominee and Representative Mike Pompeo , Republican of Kansas , Mr. Trump ’s pick to lead the Central Intelligence Agency , have all been pushed back as Democrats clamor for more time to collect and review the standard background checks that nominees traditionally undergo before their nominees commence . Wilbur Ross , Mr. Trump ’s pick for secretary of commerce , will also be delayed several days because his Wilbur Ross, Mr. Trump agreement is not complete , according to the chairman and ranking Democrat of the commerce committee . The delays represent a stumble for the incoming Trump administration , which has vowed to run government with a businesslike efficiency , and highlights how in several respects its government to take office is behind that of predecessors . In the case of Ms. DeVos , a billionaire , a complex web of financial holdings may be slowing down the Office of Government Ethics , which helps federal officials address conflict of interest matters , while Mr. Puzder ’s background documents are also not in order . Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the ethics office , said in a letter to Senator Patty Murray , Democrat of Washington , that he Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the ethics office not know when Ms. DeVos would be cleared by his Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the ethics office as this was " dependent on the nominee to provide needed information , respond to questions and accept the terms of an ethics agreement . " Republicans have vowed hearings for as many nominees as possible before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , so that they Republicans be cleared to served immediately , particularly those posts associated with national security . " We Republicans be in a position to confirm a significant number of the president ’s nominees on day one , " said the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the minority leader , said Tuesday on the Senate floor , " This new hearing schedule is a very good first step , but we Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader have a ways to go . " Mr. Trump ’s aides have been pressuring the ethics office to expedite its the ethics office , even though it the ethics office not get the necessary paperwork from most of his nominees until recently , putting Republicans in a difficult position of either pushing forward with hearings without proper vetting   —    something most of the chairmen are loath to do   —    or delaying them the chairmen some cases indefinitely . " Trump Mr. Trump the latest    to begin the process in contemporary history , " said Paul C. Light , a professor of Public Service at New York University who worked on Capitol Hill as an adviser on transitions . " This puts the Republicans under pressure and sets up possible problems down the road . Mr. Trump is asking the Senate to make up for his Mr. Trump failures here . " The conservative organization America Rising PAC took aim at Mr. Shaub on Monday , highlighting his Mr. Shaub history as a Democrat and the double standard he Mr. Shaub as head " of the agency , highlighting his Mr. Shaub donations to President Obama as well as his Mr. Shaub ’s " utter incompetence " in policing financial matters related to Hillary and Bill Clinton . The PAC chided Mr. Shaub for wading into the politics of the transitions , saying his Mr. Shaub comments and criticisms had become fodder for " Congressional Democrats to try and score points . " The The PAC an informal   —    and     —    series of postings on Twitter from the office ’s official account congratulating Mr. Trump on divesting from his real estate business   —    a move he had his made . " The head of President Obama ’s ethics department has absolutely zero credibility to criticize others , " Scott Sloofman , a spokesman for America Rising PAC , said in an email , adding that Mr. Shaub ’s " outburst over the weekend reeks of partisan politics from an embittered Democrat still reeling from November ’s election result . " In messages posted to Twitter on Tuesday , the office wrote that it is the office Moving quickly ! "   —    noting that it had the office 54 percent of the nominees it has the office from the Trump transition team , compared with 29 percent at the same point in 2009 . " OGE is expediting reviews of the financial disclosure reports of the   ’s nominees , without sacrificing quality , " the agency OGE Twitter . An employment lawyer by trade , Mr. Shaub joined the Office of Government Ethics in 2006 , during the administration of George W. Bush , working as a supervisory lawyer . In 2008 , he became a Mr. Shaub general counsel , and then President Obama in 2013 nominated Mr. Shaub as Mr. Shaub the office . Ethics the Office of Government Ethics have worked closely with the office and Mr. Shaub the Office of Government Ethics Mr. Shaub him seemed unfair . " Mr. Shaub simply doing his job , director Shaub Mr. Shaub now being Mr. Shaub , " Norman L. Eisen , a former special counsel for ethics and government reform under Mr. Obama , and Richard W. Painter , the chief White House ethics lawyer to Mr. Bush , said in a joint statement . " It seems that it is open season on ethics in Washington , D. C. Last week the nonpartisan , independent Office of Congressional Ethics was attacked , and now the nonpartisan , independent Office of Government Ethics and its director are being targeted . " They Office of Government Ethics , " This attempt to bully the nonpartisan, independent Office of Congressional Ethics intimidate a hardworking , understaffed agency like O. G. E. must not go unchecked . " The compliance office work on the transition got off to a cordial and even enthusiastic start during the final months of the campaign , and continued after the election , according to a series of emails between ethics officials and Mr. Trump ’s representatives obtained through public records requests by MSNBC and the James Madison Project . " Congratulations on the campaign ’s victory , " Mr. Shaub the campaign of Mr. Trump ’s transition team on the morning after Mr. Trump just hours after his victory , adding , " We ’re really looking forward Mr. Trump getting down to work on this presidential transition   —    which we ’re going to make one of the best in history We " 
 