U2 frontman Bono berated Donald Trump at a Dreamforce benefit concert in San Francisco Wednesday night , blasting the Republican presidential candidate ’s proposal to build a wall on the U. S.   border and shouting " You ’re fired ! " at the Republican presidential candidate’s onstage projection . [ The Irish rock band was playing to a packed audience in the parking lot of the Cow Palace near San Francisco when Bono   —    a longtime Clinton Foundation benefactor   —    engaged in a     with a video of Trump projected on the massive screen behind him .   Trump    with Trump came during Trump interlude in the band ’s song " Bullet the Blue Sky . " " The question we have for you this evening : What is your vision for this great nation ? " the     singer challenged Trump . " Trump will build a great , great wall on our southern border and I will have Mexico pay for that wall , a great, great wall on our southern border Trump in video Trump one of his earliest campaign Trump . Bono scoffed at the proposal and fired back : " Now , candidate , you understand it ’s not just the proposal people who are going to have a problem with this plan of yours . It ’s everyone who the proposal the idea of America . Like the Irish , for example . Or the French . Or the Brazilians . Everyone who loves the idea of America the idea of America what they America at the foot of the Everyone who loves the idea of America of the Statue of Liberty . " " Good people are not going to stay silent while you run off with the American dream ! " a    Bono added . The band posted their own video of a   Bono on its a   Bono page late Wednesday : According to a   Bono San Francisco Chronicle , Wednesday ’s " Dreamfest " concert was held to benefit the UCSF Benioff Children ’s Hospital , with tickets starting at $ 1 , 000 and running all the way up to $ 1 million for sponsorship packages . The event was reportedly completely sold out . Bono has become an increasingly vocal critic of a   Bono as the election enters its final stretch . In a September interview the election 60 Minutes , the rocker called the Republican candidate " the worst idea that ever happened to America , " and someone who could potentially " destroy " the country . The singer ’s name has America during the election in other ways in August , the election by Judicial Watch found that an aide to Bill Clinton petitioned the State Department to grant a request made by Bono for his upcoming world tour while Hillary Clinton served as Secretary Bono State .    Follow Bill Clinton on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 