Piers Morgan poked the hornets’ nest Sunday when Piers Morgan highlighted a double standard among Muhammad Ali ’s fans   —    that the late boxer espoused more radical views on race than Donald Trump . [ Muhammad Ali said far more    things about white people than Donald Trump ever has about Muslims . # fact ,   —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,    The tweet quickly brought a swarm of social justice outrage , but Morgan   Piers Morgan not back down . He   Piers Morgan that Ali Muhammad Ali an important voice in the civil rights movement , but that is no reason to whitewash statements far more radical than Trump Donald Trump on race and immigration . Trump Donald Trump in New York on     knew people who died . Does that count ? https :   .    —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,   Why would stating that Muhammad Ali made a lot of inflammatory ,    statements in his Muhammad Ali be remotely controversial ? He Muhammad Ali .   —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,   I ’m sorry for ’saying inflammatory things for attention’ . That ’s the last thing Muhammad Muhammad Ali have condoned .   —    —   Piers Morgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,   Actually , Ali did Muhammad Ali a ban on    marriage .   https :   .    —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,   Morgan shared a video of —   Piers Morgan denouncing Muhammad Ali during a BBC interview . Watch this # Ali Muhammad Ali Muhammad Ali a BBC interview Trump saying all this . Then a BBC interview may understand my point . https :   .    —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,   Saying blacks , whites   Chinese should only be with their own ? ? ? & gt RT @yuDeserveIt _ Saying blacks, whites  Chinese @piersmorgan @YouTube how is this racist Piers .   —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , 2016 ,   He then trolled the hate mob with this taunt   —   Piers Morgan    that no amount of screeching would make him apologize . FYI : The more the howling    —   Piers Morgan mob bark at me to rescind an entirely accurate comment , the less —   Piers Morgan it is to ever happen .   —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 5 , —   Piers Morgan 