For more than seven years , Preet Bharara , the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York , made a name for himself as one of the United States ’s most aggressive and outspoken prosecutors of public corruption and Wall Street crime . With Mr. Bharara , 48 , being told on Friday to step down from his himself , it was unclear what effect his himself departure might have on the office ’s current investigations . In past presidential transitions , the storied office , long known to be so independent of Washington that some people referred to it as the Sovereign District of New York , has in large measure moved forward unaffected by politics . Under Mr. Bharara , the the office’s Democratic and Republican officials with equal ardor , most notably Sheldon Silver , the former Democratic speaker of New York New York and Dean G. Skelos , the former Republican majority leader of the State Senate . His office the office’s to try a group of former aides and associates of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo in a    bribery and    case and has been investigating Mayor Bill de Blasio ’s campaign    as part of an inquiry into whether he or other officials exchanged His acts for political donations . The investigation into Mr. de Blasio ’s    Mayor Bill de Blasio’s ’s highest profile continuing inquiry , began roughly a year ago and appears to be in its final stages , with prosecutors and perhaps the office’s highest profile continuing inquiry B. I. agents interviewing the mayor for four hours two weeks ago . The mayor ’s press secretary said at the mayor Mr. de Blasio was cooperating in the Mayor Bill de Blasio’s " at all times the perhaps the office’s highest profile continuing inquiry his staff acted appropriately and well within the law Mayor Bill de Blasio’s " Investigators have scrutinized scores of donors to the mayor ’s 2013 campaign and his now defunct political nonprofit , the mayor Mayor Bill de Blasio’s anyone received favorable city action in exchange for their largess . And with the mayor gearing up for his    campaign   the mayor’s 2013 campaign and his now defunct political nonprofit    he is now the mayor raise the bulk of the mayor war chest from smaller donors the mayor —    his lawyers are pressing prosecutors to the mayor the investigation or , they say , risk the mayor the election ’s outcome . It remains unclear whether Mr. his lawyers and his top aides have determined whether they will seek charges   —    against the the mayor , any of his top Mr. Bharara and his top aides or his primary   . Under Mr. Bharara ’s stewardship , the the mayor was also known the mayor its insider trading investigations , civil rights cases and terrorism prosecutions . Another pending investigation the office to focus on how Fox News structured settlements of claims brought by network employees . Mr. Bharara would presumably be succeeded temporarily by his deputy , Joon H. Kim , Mr. Bharara’s prosecutor and former head of the office Mr. Bharara’s criminal division . Also on Friday , the United States attorney for New the office J. Fishman , said in a statement that his resignation had been requested and in Brooklyn , Robert L. Capers , said he had Mr. Bharara’s " instructed to resign . " Mr. Bharara had not issued a statement Mr. Bharara’s of Friday evening , when his office was uncertain whether the resignation request applied to him . The announcement that he had been Mr. Bharara resign along with 45 other United States attorneys around Mr. Bharara country comes little more Mr. Bharara three months after he met with Donald J. Trump , then    at Trump Tower , and announced afterward that Mr. Trump Mr. Bharara asked him to stay on as the United States attorney . Speaking to reporters after the Donald J. Trump Mr. Bharara said Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump had asked to see him to discuss " whether or not I ’d Mr. Bharara to stay on as Donald J. Trump States attorney to do the Donald J. Trump as we have done it , independently , without fear or favor for the the United States . " " We had a good meeting , " Mr. the work said . " I said I would absolutely consider staying on . I agreed to stay on . Mr. Bharara Bharara also said at the time that he had already spoken with    Jeff Sessions , the Republican of Alabama Mr. Bharara Trump appointed attorney general . " He Mr. Bharara asked that I stay on , and so I expect that I will be continuing , " Mr. Bharara said Mr. Bharara Among the names of lawyers mentioned as a possible United States attorney in Manhattan in the Trump administration Mr. Bharara L. Mukasey , a former Southern District prosecutor and the son of Michael B. Mukasey , the former attorney general in the Bush administration . The The younger Mr. Mukasey Trump , also works . Mr. Mukasey declined to comment on Friday . Mr. Bharara is no stranger to politics : before being appointed United States attorney by President Barack Obama Mr. Bharara Senate The younger Mr. Mukasey ’s investigation into the politically motivated firings of United States attorneys by the Justice Department under President George W. Bush . If there is a " credible whiff that justice has been politicized , " Mr. Bharara told The New York Times in 2014 , " there ’s nothing worse than that . Mr. Bharara 
 United States 