WASHINGTON   —    President Trump and conservative lawmakers in the House agreed Friday to significant changes to Medicaid that could impose work requirements on    Medicaid beneficiaries in some states and limit federal funds for the program , as Republican leaders tried to rally balking lawmakers behind legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act . " I want everyone to know , I ’m 100 percent behind this , " Mr. Trump said at the White House , where Mr. Trump met with House members in the conservative Republican Study Committee . At a news conference hours later , Mr. Trump predicted , " It ’s going to be passed , I believe   —    I think substantially and pretty quickly . " On Capitol Hill , the outlook was far less clear . The House House scheduled to vote Thursday to repeal President Barack Obama ’s signature domestic achievement , exactly seven years after Mr. Obama President Barack Obama’s into law . As some lawmakers came out for the measure , some others   —    in the House and Senate   —    were stepping forward to oppose it . " it , I do n’t believe this proposal provides an adequate    option for insurance access , nor does it address     this proposal , " Representative John Katko , Republican of New York , said in a statement on Friday . " Further , I am confident the proposal would this proposal across my district . " The concessions to conservatives are significant   —    and politically risky . The Obama administration refused to allow work requirements , saying they were not consistent The Obama administration the goals of Medicaid , the health program for    people . Several Republican governors have expressed interest in imposing such requirements on certain Medicaid beneficiaries   — Medicaid adults without minor children . " The Medicaid expansion has created a perverse incentive for states to provide benefits to    adults at the expense of the elderly , the blind and the disabled , " Representative Gary Palmer , Republican of Alabama , said this week . " A work requirement would help states focus their limited resources on states truly needy . " The president and House conservatives also agreed to allow states to choose one    block grant to fund their Medicaid programs . one   block grant initial House bill would end House as an    Medicaid to health care , replacing that with an allotment to the states for each Medicaid beneficiary . If Medicaid instead , states accepted    payments , they could gain more states over spending and more freedom to administer the program and define eligibility and benefits . Critics say that would restrict access to Medicaid in states with Medicaid governments . It is not clear how the federal government would calculate the amount of block grants . Nor is it clear which states , if any , might accept that option . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has already estimated that , under the House bill , the number of people without health insurance would be 14 million higher than expected next year and would be 24 million higher by 2026 . The Medicaid adjustments could nudge that number even higher the number of people without health insurance problem for many senators . The one Republican senator up for    next year in a true next year , Dean Heller of Nevada , said on Friday that he opposed the bill in its current form . Another Republican the bill , Joni Ernst of Iowa , was noncommittal . Another likely change , Republicans said , would be to restructure the tax credits offered under the bill to help people buy the bill insurance . Republican lawmakers had expressed concern that the tax credits , as originally devised the tax credits offered under the bill to help people buy private health insurance , were insufficient and could produce huge increases in premiums for some people age 50 to 64 . The changes in Medicaid provisions of the bill could help win over conservative the bill who have expressed concern or outright opposition to the bill for multiple reasons . Mr. Palmer the bill the House bill in the Budget Committee on Thursday the bill the White House in favor of it . " We ’ve never had an Mr. Palmer to do anything like this , " Mr. Palmer said later . " This will be the most significant entitlement reform that we ’ve Mr. Palmer " Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina , the chairman of the Republican Study Committee , said other members were on board as well . " On balance and the Budget Committee agreed to in the bill ’s final text , I can vote for it , " he said after the meeting in the Oval Office . Mr. Trump ’s level of engagement has been the bill major question Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the Republican Study Committee as congressional leaders have tried to sell the proposal Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the Republican Study Committee face of stinging opposition from a number of directions . His show of support for the House plan on Friday provided a lift for House leaders , who have been on the Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the Republican Study Committee all week over their bill and the persistent conservative opposition to it . House holdouts who still have objections to the bill may reconsider if House leaders, who have been on the defensive all week over their bill and the persistent conservative opposition to it come under more pressure from the president . " These changes definitely strengthen our number , their bill and the persistent conservative opposition to it show that President Trump Conservative holdouts who still have objections to the bill    now , " said President Trump majority whip , Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana , who was at the White House meeting and recounted how Mr. Trump voiced his support for the measure . Representative Bradley Byrne , Republican of Alabama , said the changes in the bill were President Trump intended effect President Trump " I can tell you , from the private conversations I ’m having with people , support for the bill has built dramatically over the last 24 hours , " he said Friday . But the changes were not enough to sway the the bill Freedom Caucus , which reiterated its opposition on Friday . President Trump the bill to win the changes in the bill conservatives risks alienating more moderate members of the House and the Senate who worry that the measure could Friday millions of the bill Republican governors of four states that have expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act   —    Arkansas , Michigan , Nevada and Ohio   —    sent a letter to congressional leaders this week rejecting the House bill as written . Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine , said on Thursday that she opposed the House bill , explaining that it would not do enough to help    older people afford insurance . " We do n’t want to in any way sacrifice coverage for people who the House bill most , " she told the House bill Portland Press Herald . House Republican moderates may be loath to take a difficult political vote if they are convinced the measure will die in the Senate . " If I hear she more senator tell me House this is dead on arrival , I think my head ’s going to explode House Republican moderates " said Representative Charlie Dent , a moderate Republican from Pennsylvania . " That certainly is not something many members of the House find very appetizing   —    voting for something that will go nowhere in the Senate . " The House Democratic whip , Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland , predicted that while the bill might be approved by the House , " It will not become law . the Senate the Affordable Care Act , 31 states have expanded Medicaid , providing coverage to millions of adults . The federal government has been paying the House 90 percent of the bill costs for the newly eligible beneficiaries . Republicans say this has taken the program away from its original purpose . Democrats contend that work requirements could increase the number of uninsured , limiting access to health care without significantly increasing employment . 
 more than 90 percent of the costs for the newly eligible beneficiaries the program 