The arc of history apparently bends towards the election of President Donald Trump , and the New Yorker ’s editor is not pleased . [ In a Nov. 9 editorial , titled " An American Tragedy , " the New Yorker’s editor wrote :   The election of Donald Trump to the Presidency is nothing less than a tragedy for the American republic , a tragedy for the Constitution , and a triumph for the forces , at home and abroad , of nativism , authoritarianism , misogyny , and racism . Trump Donald Trump shocking victory , his Trump’s to the the Presidency is a sickening event in the history of the United States and liberal democracy . On January 20 , 2017 , we will bid farewell to the first Trump’s a man of integrity , dignity , and generous spirit —   and witness the inauguration of a con who did little to spurn endorsement by forces of xenophobia and white supremacy . It is impossible to react to this moment with anything less than revulsion and profound anxiety   …       All along , Trump seemed like a twisted caricature of every rotten reflex of the radical right . That he has prevailed , that Trump has won this election Trump is a crushing blow to the spirit it is an event that this election likely cast the country into a period of economic , political , and social uncertainty that we can not yet imagine .   Remnick suggests ordinary Americans deserve blame the Trump . That the electorate has , in its plurality , decided to the electorate in Trump ’s world of vanity the Trump , arrogance , untruth , and recklessness , his disdain for democratic norms , is a fact that will lead , inevitably , to all manner of national decline and suffering , In the coming days , commentators will attempt to normalize this event . They will try to soothe their commentators and viewers with thoughts commentators the " innate wisdom " and " essential decency " of the American people . They will downplay the virulence of commentators nationalism displayed , the cruel decision to elevate a man who rides in a    airliner but who has staked his claim with the populist rhetoric of blood and soil   …      Trump ran his campaign sensing the feeling of Trump and anxiety among millions of voters —   white voters , in the main . And many of those voters —   not all white voters many —   followed Trump because they saw that this Trump , once white voters relative cipher when it came to politics , a marginal    buffoon in the jokescape of eighties and nineties New York , was more than willing to assume their resentments , their fury , their sense of a new their that conspired their their interests   …      Fascism is not their future —   it can not be we can not allow it to be so our   but this it surely the way fascism can begin   …      Remnick endorsed the presidential candidate who helped his peers maintain their power and wealth    Remnick Clinton was his peers flawed candidate but a resilient , intelligent , and competent leader , who never overcame her image among millions of voters as untrustworthy Hillary Clinton entitled . Some of this was the result of her ingrown instinct for suspicion , developed over Hillary Clinton years after one bogus " scandal " after another . And yet , somehow , no matter how long and committed her earnest public service , she was less Hillary Clinton than Trump , a Hillary Clinton man who cheated his customers , investors , and contractors a hollow man whose countless statements and behavior reflect a human being of dismal qualities —   greedy , mendacious , and bigoted . His level of egotism is rarely exhibited outside his a clinical environment . Remnick ends his article , not with a bang , Remnick with a hollow whimper about the declining power of the establishment media . Surely such a cruel and retrograde figure could succeed among some voters , but how could he win ? Surely , Breitbart News , his site of vile conspiracies , could not become for millions a source of news and mainstream opinion   …      the information loop had been shattered . On Facebook , articles in the traditional ,    press look the same as articles from the conspiratorial    media . Spokesmen for the unspeakable now    access to huge audiences . This was the cauldron , with so much misogynistic language , that helped to demean and destroy Clinton . The    press was the purveyor of constant lies , propaganda , and conspiracy theories that Trump used as the oxygen of his campaign . Steve Bannon , a pivotal Trump at Breitbart , was his propagandist and campaign manager   …      Trump despair is no answer . To combat authoritarianism , to call out lies , to struggle honorably and fiercely in the name of American ideals —   that is what is left to do . That is all there is to do . Read it all here . Bonus video on the page , where he describes Breitbart News as a " a hugely influential Breitbart " at 12:50 . 
 