Donald Trump spent the majority of Donald Trump campaign rally in Greensboro , North Carolina combatting what Donald Trump calls " phony accusers "   —    referencing several women who have accused Donald Trump of groping and sexually assaulting "phony accusers"   . [ " It ’s a phony deal , " Donald Trump said , referencing the multiple news stories that have surfaced with women accusing Donald Trump of the misconduct . " I have no idea who these women are . "   " The stories are total fiction , " Donald Trump responded , during the rally at the White Oak Amphitheater , adding , " 100 percent made up . " Two new women surface : One to WP , which Donald Trump just denied , and a former Apprentice contestant    Gloria Allred . Donald Trump rips media for reports ,   —    HowardKurtz ( @HowardKurtz ) October 14 , 2016 ,     The Republican nominee said The Republican nominee people   —    most likely referencing The Republican nominee advisors   —    want The Republican nominee to talk about jobs instead of the allegations , " but I feel I have to talk about the allegations because you have to dispute when somebody says something . " Trump accused the media of covering up for Trump opponent Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . " The media is covering up for the Clintons , " Trump alleged , referencing multiple controversial emails revealed from WikiLeaks throughout this week . " The WikiLeaks documents show how the media conspires and collaborates . " " What a rigged system , folks ! " Trump exclaimed . " The corrupt media is trying to do everything in The corrupt media power to stop our movement . The corrupt media do n’t want this happening . " " This whole election is being rigged , " Trump stressed . " These lies spread by the media without witnesses   …     are poisoning the minds of the electorate . " According to Right Side Broadcasting Network , there were more than 7 , 000 people who gathered to see the GOP nominee in Greensboro Friday afternoon . the GOP nominee in Greensboro has another campaign rally in Charlotte , North Carolina Friday night . Greensboro , NC —    @realDonaldTrump first rally of the day . pic . twitter .    —    Candace Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) October 14 , 2016 , 
 