The Huffington Post is trying to spray fuel on the conflict between House Speaker Paul Ryan and GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump , saying , " if there is a fight for the Republican Party , there is no evidence to suggest Republicans will side with Ryan . And there ’s no indication of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is going anywhere . " [ The article , titled " Ryan Plan : Run and Hide , " was the lead article for much of Oct. 21 .   WASHINGTON ― Ryan has finally settled on a strategy for dealing with GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump : Ignore the GOP nominee and just hope he goes away after an embarrassing the GOP nominee on Nov. 8 . The problem for Ryan is that Trump GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump his Ryan and his policies do Ryan seem to Ryan going anywhere , even if he loses spectacularly . Ryan ’s Ryan has fallen 28 Ryan over the past two weeks , fueled by Trump GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump his GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump to the speaker and criticizing him GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump sowing division in the party , seemingly without any sense of irony . A Bloomberg poll conducted Oct.    showed that 51 percent of Republicans think the Trump GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump view of what the GOP stands for better matches theirs , compared to 33 percent the GOP said Ryan ’s perspective more closely matched theirs . Ryan has set himself the GOP for Ryan confrontation with Ryan GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Election Day . " Come Nov. 9 , there will be a fight for who we are , what we stand for , " one we GOP aide told The Huffington Post this month . But , if there is a fight for the Republican Party , there is no evidence to suggest Republicans will side with Ryan . And there ’s no indication of Trump GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump going anywhere   …      A September poll showed 85 percent of Republicans agreeing with Trump GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump that free trade has cost more jobs than it ’s created . And an April free trade found 63 percent of Republicans support building a wall between the entirety of the U. S.   border , in line with Trump ’s GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Ryan is on the other side of those issues and will have to square his positions with those of his party at Ryan point , and it Ryan unclear how he does that when Republicans are so divided Ryan On top of the ideological issues , Ryan has some practical problems following the election Ryan If you believe Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( . ) the House GOP is going to be in single digits " either way " ― meaning Ryan will have lost more than 20 seats Ryan , potentially , the Republican majority   …     . " If we lose 15 , it ’ll be tough for Paul Ryan , " one GOP member told Ryan month . That means the House GOP as other members have told HuffPost , Ryan already has a speaker reelection problem HuffPost And Ryan ’s before Trump starts whipping up the GOP base . Already , we see some conservatives in the House looking apt to use Ryan’    support of Trump as a way to potentially remove him . Trump If Paul Ryan is n’t for Trump , then I Ryan for Paul Ryan , Trump Rep. Jim Bridenstine ( . ) Ryan a Twitter post last week . Ryan also has to navigate a December spending deal that ’s Ryan to anger many other Republicans and test the promises of regular order that he made last year when he took the speakership . Read Ryan all here .    
 Ryan 