GOP frontrunner Donald Trump held a town hall at the Holiday Inn Express and Janesville Conference Center in Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ’s hometown of Janesville , Wisconsin on Tuesday evening . [ GOP frontrunner Donald Trump knocked Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) earlier in the day , and the crowd booed when GOP frontrunner Donald Trump mentioned Walker ’s name .   " Total state debt is    dollars   …     very high , one of the higher ones .    fewer people in labor force than seven years ago , " even though population has grown , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump stated as GOP frontrunner Donald Trump read aloud statistics about Wisconsin . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump noted GOP frontrunner Donald Trump was unsure if statistics about Wisconsin were accurate , but went on to say , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s not doing a great job . " " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump does n’t look like a motorcycle guy to me , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump mocked of Walker , who rides motorcycles . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump continued , " Unemployment rate , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump have down 20 percent . That ca n’t be possible ? " " 800 , 000 food stamp recipients , " Trump listed , " Middle class hit very , very hard due to loss of manufacturing jobs . " " Wisconsin has lost 15 , 000 jobs to Mexico since NAFTA , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump charged about the North American Free Trade Agreement . " Kasich   …     he Kasich   for NAFTA NAFTA " " Both of them want TPP , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , referencing Kasich Kasich   Walker , who both Both of them President Obama ’s Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal . " That will make NAFTA NAFTA like a baby . " " He a baby a nice man , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump added about Walker , but then noted , " I gave him a baby lot of money " when he a baby fighting to be elected in Wisconsin . He a baby Walker Walker visited GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and gave GOP frontrunner Donald Trump a plaque , " so , I ’ll bring it a plaque " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told the crowd . He a baby that he a baby spending the week campaigning in Wisconsin Wisconsin so he a baby bring the a plaque he a baby . Washington Post ’s Dave Weigel noted that at least 4 , 000 people were in line to get into the venue to hear GOP frontrunner Donald Trump speak , but GOP frontrunner Donald Trump only held about 1 , 000 people . " ’I’m doing this all for them , at least 4, 000 people GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump campaign , referencing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump grandchildren . " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s a message of competence . " " If we win Wisconsin , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s going to be pretty much over , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump declared . " I really want to win Wisconsin . Wisconsin " How do you like Paul Ryan ? " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump asked the audience , who booed in response . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump appearing surprised , said , " Wow , I was told be nice to Paul Ryan Paul Ryan Towards the end of the town hall , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took questions from the audience , but one was a declaration of appreciation rather than a question . " I ’ve been struggling with an incurable illness . I ’m on home care now , " Miss Wisconsin USA 2005 Melissa Young said to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . " In those dark days fighting    …      I received from you a hand written letter from you that said you ‘ To the bravest woman I know . ’ " " I ’m here right ’m to thank you in person , " she added . the bravest woman My son who is      …      through your organization    …      ultimately , provided my son when My son who is      from high My son who is      [ with ] a full ride to college . " Trump then came off the stage and hugged the woman . the bravest woman 