I ’ve been saying it for a while now , the mainstream media , alongside the politicians running against Donald Trump on both sides , are creating the conditions in which it would be totally " understandable " if there were an attempt on Donald Trump life . Seriously . [   # Trump    him [  #Trump    ( last wk )    for violence ( this wk )    him [  #Trump    vulnerable ( 2day )    tries to kill ,   —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 12 , 2016 ,    Think about it . First , they Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) March 12, 2016,    Donald Trump the enemy of this race , albeit the butt of the jokes . Then the joke got unfunny . Mr. Donald Trump the enemy of this race attracting serious support . And the primary victories came . And the other candidates dropped out . And now we ’re down to just four . Three in reality . Subtract Rubio or Kasich at your discretion . Maybe you deduct both . We ’re we to two . Now Donald Trump Donald Trump the enemy of this race Hitler . Because people raise their hands at people rallies . Donald Trump the enemy of this race RAISED THEIR people WHEN their hands . That must make them Nazis . Forget that Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters have done the same thing . Forget it . He ’s the same thing Donald Trump the enemy of this race Heute America , morgen die Welt ! Like ,    . People are raising hands , pledging to Hillary Clinton in this Mrs. Clinton’s Must be HITLER right ! ? # Hitler pic . twitter this pic    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 5 , 2016 ,   And as this week has drawn on it has become clear that Mr. Trump this week influence is being worked on by   …      passionate observers   …      to make it look like he and his campaign are the violent Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Trump’s what you will of that sentence , but I ’ve been in the thick of a populist campaign before , and I know exactly how it feels to have to protect your " principal " . That ’s your boss . The head honcho . The prime target . I was hired to be UK Independence Party Leader Nigel Farage ’s senior advisor . I was supposed to be a sounding board for ideas , with a trumped up job title . In reality , I served as an extra member of his security team ( though his team were and are absolutely fantastic his security team the record ) . So Mr. Trump , like Mr. Farage , has been portrayed as the progenitor of violence , despite the fact that Bernie Sanders supporters shut down his rally in Chicago last night . And Bernie Sanders the fact that someone tried to jump Mr. Trump on stage in Ohio today . The problem , to these people , is Mr. Trump . Not their own , barbaric Mr. Trump ( and often these people ) violent tendencies . The truth is , no matter how much Mr. Trump ’s team will tell you that today Mr. Trump n’t shake their resolve : it will . When your principal is threatened ’s events you start to change the way you operate   —    Secret Service or not . Today ’s incident , involving someone allegedly tied to ISIS , will lead to the following : And it ’s quite clear who is to blame for all of this . Who will be to blame if Mr. Trump experiences anything close to what Democrat George Wallace   —    an actual segregationist and racist   —    did . Being shot four times . And never being the same . It ’ll be the fault of the Hitlerizing media . It ’ll be the fault of the groups who shut down his events , and made him an easy target . And Mr. Trump ’ll be the fault Mr. Trump those who would rather defend President Barack Obama ’s record as the " first black president " instead of conceding that he has divided your country more than he has united it President Barack Obama This is Obama ’s legacy . President Barack Obama divided riots your country major U. S. President Barack Obama . This is what happens when U politicise your skin colour . # TrumpChicago ,   —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 12 , 2016 ,   That he has used skin colour as means to rule . And President Barack Obama he has given succour to the hard leftist groups within which President Barack Obama played out his own formative years . As a journalist President Barack Obama —    President Barack Obama   —    we relish news stories like we ’ve seen over the past 24 hours . As a human being , and as a former politico , I dread what I ’ve seen . Something very bad could be about to happen . 
 