Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump attacked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) by saying Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is n’t well liked .   When asked about Ted Cruz ’s " New York values " charge , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " The truth is , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s a nasty guy . Nobody likes Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Nobody in Congress likes Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Nobody likes Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump anywhere , once Nobody in Congress get to know Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s a very   —    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s got a edge that ’s not good . You ca n’t make deals with people like that , and it ’s not a good thing for the country . Very nasty guy . " Host George Stephanopoulos asked , " Host George Stephanopoulos ’s also circulating that clip of you on Tim Russert in 1999 where you said , ‘ I lived in New York city all my life , OK , so my views are a little bit different than if I lived in Iowa.’ those were your words . " Trump said , " A long time ago , and Trump ’s taking money from people that are very much into the whole gay marriage situation and Trump ’s taking money from money and Trump ’s raising funds from money . Trump got caught the other day on a tape where Trump was raising funds at a law office , talking about things and priorities    …      Trump ’s a total hypocrite . How about Trump    and Trump personal financial disclosure form ? Trump does n’t put on it that Trump ’s borrowing money from Goldman Sachs . today , it comes out Trump ’s borrowing money from Citibank and Trump does n’t list it . Trump wants to look like Robin Hood , like Trump ’s the one protecting the ones from the banks . and Trump ’s not disclosing it which is illegal . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 