During his July 21 speech at the Republican National Convention , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump reasserted Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump commitment to protect the Second Amendment while warning that Hillary Clinton would " abolish " the Second Amendment . [ Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump also spoke to the kind of justice Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would nominate to replace Antonin Scalia , assuring Republicans that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will choose someone who shares Scalia ’s " principles . "   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said : The replacement for Justice Scalia will be a person of similar views and principles . This will be one of the most important issues decided by this election . My opponent wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment . I , on the other hand , received the early and strong endorsement of the National Rifle Association and will protect the right of all Americans to keep all Americans families safe . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s emphasis on defending the Second Amendment has a been constant theme throughout Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump presidential campaign . From Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump April 2015 pledge to maintain the Second Amendment " in its strongest form " to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump July 1 speech at the Western Conservative Summit , where Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump reiterated the pride Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump takes in working with the NRA and assured conference attendees , " We ’re saving your Second Amendment 100 percent . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump continued this emphasis at the RNC , promising anew to " protect the right of all Americans to keep all Americans families safe . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 