Washington State University has demanded a $ 2 , 000 fee from the university ’s Republican group hosting MILO ’s talk next month . Student organizers allege that this is an attempt to torpedo the event . [ The WSU Republicans told Breitbart that the university administration have demanded the university administration provide more than four private security staff , rent " cattle style barricades to protect the stage , " as well as three hours worth of police protection .   the university administration have demanded they provide more than four private security staff, rent "cattle style barricades to protect the stage," as well as three hours worth of police protection also said they the university administration have demanded they provide more than four private security staff, rent "cattle style barricades to protect the stage," as well as three hours worth of police protection told by the university ’s security team that they the university administration have demanded they provide more than four private security staff, rent "cattle style barricades to protect the stage," as well as three hours worth of police protection not seek to protect Yiannopoulos should an agitator rush the the stage as was seen at DePaul University earlier this year . They the university administration have demanded they provide more than four private security staff, rent "cattle style barricades to protect the stage," as well as three hours worth of police protection claimed that the university DePaul University a policy of students covering security , having previously deployed security personnel for a rally held by students calling for the protection of the status of illegal immigrant students following the election of Donald Trump . In a statement to Breitbart News , Washington State University DePaul University group had not initiated security discussions early enough , and that " security requirements at campus events are quite common . "   " Security for    events is provided by the university and , as DePaul University events , is often provided by both WSUPD and an outside crowd security vendor . If security is required for a    sponsored event , the cost of that security is borne by the security , " they said .   Responding to allegations the sponsoring organization the university would not protect Yiannopoulos DePaul University crash the stage , they cited " recent legislation by the Washington protestors Legislature [ that ] has designated the WSU CUB as a campus free speech area . " " Protesting , per se , is not necessarily precluded in a free speech zone . Crowd control tactics are employed at the discretion of the WSU police officers and are not dictated by the promoters of events , " they added . You can follow Ben Kew Crowd control tactics Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 