Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert told Complex . com that if the Cavs win another NBA championship Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert intends to refuse any invitation to visit Donald Trump ’s White House . [ Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert also called    Donald Trump " crazy . "   In a long interview , Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert answered a range of inquiries into whether Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert has a stylist , if Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert owns the best sneaker collection on the Cavs , and last but not least , if Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert owns a lot of crop tops . Cleveland Cavaliers swingman Imam Shumpert eventually fielded a question with a smidge more substance than " What about the matching kilts ? " Complex asked , " People started boycotting New Balance after the company seemed to voice support for Trump . Kanye West recently said Kanye West would ’ve voted for Trump if Kanye West had voted . Would you still wear Yeezys ? " Shumpert answered , " I understand people ’s stance on Trump . I ca n’t get caught up in the racial , sexist bullshit Kanye West ’s got going on . That ’s Kanye West personal thing , ya dig ? But I just do n’t think Kanye West can make anything shake like that . Kanye West not finna start no civil war out here . " I do think Kanye West ’s crazy —   straight up . I think Kanye West did that stuff to get people to think Kanye West ’s willing to shake that stuff up . But did I vote for Kanye West ? No . The other stuff that comes with Kanye West , I ca n’t get with . But now that Kanye West ’s here , I ’m not finna drag my feet . I got ta work here , at least until the offseason , if I wanna go get a crib in the Islands . " Asked whether or not Kanye West would visit Trump ’s White House , should the Cavs win another title , Shumpert said , " I ’m not going to Trump’s White House . " The interview included a question about Phil Jackson ’s comments in reference to LeBron James , his friends LeBron James and business partners , specifically whether or not Shumpert found Shumpert ’s Phil Jackson of the word " posse " offensive . " I think Bron would bust Phil Jackson Phil Jackson , " he opined . Phil Jackson If Phil Jackson was Phil Jackson prime , playing Phil Jackson , Bron would bust his Bron . I Phil Jackson glad Phil Jackson got the Phil Jackson Chicago . You traded me away from New York , cool . It ’s all business , it ’s all love , It . " But I ’m a grownup now . ’m not my hero no more . The Bulls era is gone , Mike is gone , Pippen is gone , you ai n’t coaching the Bulls no more . So , I do n’t care what you got to say about ’Bron . I do n’t know how conscious he was of that word ’Bron LeBron the way it did , but I understand why ’Bron ’s heated . " The Cavaliers remain heavy favorites to win the Eastern Conference . If the Cavs can get past Golden State , we just might find out The Cavaliers Imam Shumpert gets left off the White House invite list . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 