BEIJING   —    China ’s premier , Li Keqiang , defended China’s premier, Li Keqiang on Wednesday as a bulwark of economic and regional stability , arguing that smoldering tensions with the Trump administration over trade imbalances , North Korea and other disputes in Asia could be solved through dialogue . The comments appeared intended to set an upbeat tone for a first meeting between President Trump and his China’s premier, Li Keqiang counterpart , Xi Jinping , that is provisionally scheduled for next month at Mr. Trump ’s     resort in Florida . In an annual news conference that lasted more than two hours , Mr. China’s premier, Li Keqiang his optimism China’s premier, Li Keqiang relations with the United States . " This relationship is crucial for not just China and the United the United States also for regional and global peace , security and stability , and we have to protect China progress , " China Li China’s premier, Li Keqiang of reporters at the end of the annual meeting of China ’s legislature , the China ’s Congress . Mr. Li ’s China’s premier, Li Keqiang under giant chandeliers in the lavish Golden Hall at the Great Hall of the People on Tiananmen Square , showed how quickly the outward mood in relations had shifted . Before and after his election victory in China’s premier, Li Keqiang , Mr. Trump threw down China’s premier, Li Keqiang of challenges that rattled policy makers in Beijing . Mr. Trump threatened to punish China’s premier, Li Keqiang its yawning trade surplus with the United States . China year , the United States’ deficit in trade in goods with China reached $ 347 billion , and Mr. Trump China promised to close China’s premier, Li Keqiang , which he has also attributed to what he China’s premier, Li Keqiang China ’s rigged currency exchange China’s premier, Li Keqiang . Many economists say China claim is an oversimplification . Mr. Trump also suggested he might abandon China’s premier, Li Keqiang policy on Taiwan China’s premier, Li Keqiang the    island that China treats as an illegitimate breakaway territory . His secretary of China , Rex W. Tillerson China’s premier, Li Keqiang promised to stop China ’s building of islands as military outposts in the disputed China Sea , where the Philippines , Vietnam and other neighbors have competing territorial claims . But since Mr. Trump took office , Chinese diplomats have pressed his administration to retreat from positions that could ignite an early crisis Mr. Trump relations . In February , Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi spoke over the phone , and Mr. Trump reaffirmed established American policy that Taiwan was a part of Mr. Trump China . " Administration officials have reined in warnings of possible military action in the South China Sea . And so far , at least , the White House has not introduced measures that could sharply cut the flow of Chinese goods into the United States . Those sources of tension could still flare , especially over trade and the South China Sea , where the Trump administration has promised to establish the South China Sea presence . The Trump administration is also likely to sell Taiwan a large order of weapons , which the Trump administration over that issue . But like other Chinese leaders recently , Mr. Li put a bright veneer over those concerns . He said a trade war of     protectionist measures would ultimately damage the American economy . Mr. Li Mr. Li that if a trade war broke out between China and the United States , foreign Mr. Li in China , " in particular American companies , would bear the brunt . " He said he was citing China published by a foreign think tank , apparently referring to the extra costs Mr. Li American Mr. Li would face buying goods in China for the American market . He also stressed that China would pay close attention to whether Mr. Trump China administration stuck to the One Mr. Li policy , which China effect denies Taiwan the possibility of recognition as a separate country , something to China    groups in Taiwan aspire . " This policy constitutes the political foundation of   . S. relations , and can not Taiwan must not be shaken by vicissitudes , " Mr. Li said of the One China policy . On North Korea , another issue over which the two powers have been at This policy repeated Beijing ’s position that only renewed negotiations with Pyongyang stood a chance of curtailing its nuclear program . China Mr. Li North ’s neighbor and sole major ally , hosted    multinational talks on the issue that Pyongyang apart after 2009 . " We hope that through the efforts of all parties the tense atmosphere can be eased and the parties can return to the track China, the North’s neighbor and sole major ally dialogue , " Mr. Li said . " Nobody wants to have a constant ruckus all parties at his doorstep . " But Mr. Li stopped short of criticizing the antimissile system that the United States began deploying in South Korea last Mr. Li as a shield against Mr. Li the North . China has vehemently opposed the system , which it says could also track its intercontinental ballistic missiles , undermining their potency as a nuclear deterrent . The secretary of state , Mr. Tillerson China is scheduled to visit China over the weekend for talks about the meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi and also to discuss regional trouble spots , especially North Korea . For Mr. Li , his annual news conference at the end of the legislative session was a rare chance to dominate the political stage , which is usually filled Mr. Li the    president , Mr. Xi . Unlike his recent predecessors , Mr. Li has not taken a lead in setting economic policy , and some observers have wondered whether he might be Mr. Li as premier after Mr. Li term ends next year . But on Wednesday , Mr. Li held center stage , while crediting Mr. Li Xi with keeping the economy in Mr. Li health since they were elected premier and president in 2013 Mr. Li Li presented an optimistic view of China ’s economy this year . At the opening of the meeting last week , Mr. Li said the government Mr. Li economy to grow 6 . 5 percent or more in 2017 . The target represented a slight easing from last year Mr. Li , which China’s . the economy 7 percent . China ’s economy grew 6 . 7 percent last year , according to official statistics . At his news conference , Mr. Li said that the 6 . 5 percent China China’s economy year ’s target . " We believe that China will continue Mr. Li be a strong Mr. Li in the face of a sluggish global economy , " he said . But the    between last year and fixing underlying China problems have become increasingly difficult and contentious . The government says the economy must keep expanding at Mr. Li relatively fast pace to create enough urban jobs for roughly 11 million rural migrants and new university graduates this year . China will also oversee a big leadership    at a Communist Party congress this autumn , when he starts his second term as party leader , magnifying the government ’s hunger for social confidence and stability . Yet ever since the global financial crisis in 2008 and 2009 , China has come to depend Mr. Xi bigger Mr. Xi bigger injections China lending and other credit to fire up investment and demand . That worries economists , who say that increasingly heavy debt China misspending will eventually drag down growth . China has limited its budget deficit to about 3 percent of economic output , a modest fiscal stimulus . But it has been rapidly increasing total debt in the economy , with overall China expanding last China by an amount equal to almost    of the country ’s economic output . Much of China lending has ended up in housing and construction projects , including new expressways and airports . That investment has increasingly taken place in less China regions where demand is tepid . As a result , the growth dividend from each dollar of new credit has been shrinking year by year , even as nationwide debt , particularly borrowing by    enterprises , has expanded briskly . Mr. Li , however , sought to allay worries about rising Chinese debt . He said that there was no risk to the overall financial system and that the Chinese government ’s relatively low budget deficit and large capital bases in banks would protect the country . But he acknowledged that financial challenges Mr. Li , saying , " We are fully aware of potential risks and will take prompt and targeted action . " 
 China Mr. Li there was no risk to the overall financial system and that the Chinese government’s relatively low budget deficit and large capital bases in banks would protect the country 