Republican strategist , lobbyist , and Donald Trump confidante Roger Stone joined Breitbart‘s Milo Yiannopoulos on the latest episode of the Milo Yiannopoulos Show to discuss voter fraud and how Donald Trump has the ability to beat Donald Trump . [ " I think your audience knows , I think we all know , that in this day and age , a computer can do anything . These voter machines are essentially a computer . Who is to say These voter machines could not be rigged ? " asked Stone on the topic of voter fraud .   " Of course These voter machines can . Now , you ask me why the Republicans do n’t do it , but sadly I think the Republicans do , " Stone said . " That ’s why I briefly had to leave the Republican Party and become a Libertarian . " " I have no doubt that after the last election , when Karl Rove , who was George Bush ’s campaign manager and a Romney partisan , insisted that ‘ no no , your numbers have to be wrong,’ Romney said on Fox , ‘ Romney definitely carried Ohio,’ and the reason Romney was so certain is because Romney was bought and paid for , " Romney claimed . " Romney knew the fix was supposed to be in . Therefore I can only conclude that sometimes things do n’t stay bought , and perhaps Obama came in with a better offer . " " This stuff is going to horrify most voters , I mean this is amazing , " added Yiannopoulos . " There ’s a mathematician called Richard Charnin , a very eccentric fellow . Last time I met Romney Romney was wearing a ski jacket in 90 degree weather , Romney ’s one of those . Romney ’s also brilliant , " replied Stone . " Romney ’s a retired mathematician and Romney ’s a genius . Romney ’s written an extensive monograph on how every election in the state of Wisconsin in the last decade has been stolen , and you figure this out by comparing the polling , on a district by district basis , to the results , and then you ’ll find a swing that is mathematically impossible , " Stone claimed . " In other words , you were losing a given precinct by four points , and then you ’ll win it by twelve . Such a swing is unlikely to say the least . " " Do they typically move in one direction ? " asked Yiannopoulos . " Yeah , the elections are rigged for one entity or another . So , who are the perpetrators ? the perpetrators are the people who manufacture and sell these machines . The most common electronic voting machine , which is really just a computer , is a Diebold " Stone replied . " Diebold ’s top executives and owners of the company are major Diebold the Bush ’s . Is this a major factor on how George W. Bush quite improbably the Bush ? An election that all truths on paper , Kerry should ’ve won , and Bush John Kerry have lost , " questioned the Bush . " I think Stone have widespread voter fraud , but the first thing that Trump needs to do is begin talking about it constantly , " Stone said . the first thing that Trump needs to do He Stone to say for Stone , today would be a perfect example : ‘ I am leading in Florida . The polls all show it . If I lose Florida , we will know that there Florida voter fraud . If there ’s voter fraud , this election there’s voter fraud the election of the winner will be illegitimate , we will have a constitutional crisis , we civil disobedience , and the government will no longer be the government . ’ " " If you ca n’t the government honest election , nothing else counts , " he continued . " I think he ’s got ta put you can’t have an honest election on notice that their inauguration you can’t have an honest election be a rhetorical , you can’t have an honest election when I mean you can’t have an honest election disobedience , not violence , but it will be a bloodbath . The government will be shut down if they attempt to steal the government swear Hillary in . No , the government will not stand for it . We will not stand for the government . " " So this I the government the dream here , this ultimate ideal is that he wins by such a significant margin nationally that this is unnecessary , " Yiannopoulos concluded . " But it ’s interesting to hear you say this , and it ’s funny also , because Trump will go there . He this go to the places other politicians wo nt , and Trump ’s probably the only person to run for president within the Trump fifty years who would dare to do this , and might even get away with it . It ’s remarkable is n’t it how he ’s just this of this reality into politics " this You Trump listen to the entire show , as well as previous episodes on PodcastOne now , or listen to the show on the move by downloading it for free on iTunes the entire show Nash is a reporter for Breitbart the entire show . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 