Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " when asked about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton describing Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s supporters as irredeemable and deplorable , Democratic    nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton describing Republican nominee Donald Trump’s supporters as irredeemable and deplorable, Democratic   nominee Sen. Tim Kaine would not have used that word .   Partial transcript as follows : RADDATZ :   —    Secretary Clinton ’s " basket of deplorables " comments by saying some Republican nominee Donald Trump’s supporters are motivated by dark emotions borne out of anxiety over changing demographics . But you said that transitional anxiety will go away . While Secretary Clinton said those people are irredeemable . Does she Secretary Clinton there are people in this country who are irredeemable ? KAINE : Well , look , she Secretary Clinton very worried , as am I , about the deplorable motivations of those who would question President Obama ’s citizenship or people like David Duke , who are doing robo calls , saying people should vote for Donald Trump . We ’ve expressed it differently , but you have to call out these dark emotions because if you let them these dark emotions or you   —    you actually can let them these dark emotions . But I think the obligation that we have   —    and   —    and Secretary Clinton   —    Hillary said this , too   —    is while that is a motivation of some of the Trump supporters   —    and we wo n’t get them   —    I do have confidence over time that that kind of motivation is reducing . There are other Trump voters who are really concerned about economic anxieties , not demographic issues , but economic anxieties . And we have an obligation to speak to them other Trump voters who are really concerned about economic anxieties, not demographic issues, but economic anxieties to make the case that   —    that our we plan , which Moody ’s says will grow the economy by 10 and a half million jobs , is better for them other Trump voters who are really concerned about economic anxieties, not demographic issues, but economic anxieties a Trump Trump , which Moody Moody’s will shrink the economy the economy and a half million jobs   …      RADDATZ : So   —    so is it appropriate   …      KAINE :   —    and put us into a recession . RADDATZ :   —    to use the word irredeemable ? KAINE : I KAINE:   —    you know , I   —    I   —    that ’s not a word I would use . I would n’t use it . I a word I would use that   —    I think we would be unrealistic to think that some people are going to fundamentally change their view . some people they ’ve   some people    if they ’ve clung some people the view for five years , as Donald Trump has , that President Obama is not a citizen of this country , I do n’t think they ’re going they’ve  —   if they’ve clung to the view for five years, as Donald Trump has, that President Obama is not a citizen of this country change their views . they’ve  —   if they’ve clung to the view for five years, as Donald Trump has, that President Obama is not a citizen of this country , Martha , here ’s what I ’ve seen in Virginia . The   —    the state I Virginia —    when   —    when I was born , my state would n’t Virginia go to school together if you ’re skin color was different and would n’t let women go the University of Virginia . Virginia Our economy Virginia in the bottom 15 . Today , we ’ve opened the doors of opportunity and Our economy is in the top 10 . Our economy who fought at every step of the way have realized , wait a minute , we ’re better when we let everybody around Our table . We Our actually a stronger state . I Our seen that transition work in my state , from fighting against equality , fighting against inclusion , to embracing it and being stronger as a result . That ’s what Stronger Together means . I ’ve seen it work in Virginia . And I know that it ’s the path we ’re on as a nation . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 