Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) delivered a virtual concession in a written statement following Sen. Bernie Sanders speech on Tuesday evening after losing all but Rhode Island   —    the lone state with an open primary   —    to presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . [ " I congratulate presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on her Clinton tonight , and I look forward to    campaigns in the 14 contests to come , " Sanders wrote in a statement issued from his Sanders ’s temporary headquarters in Huntington , West Virginia where he Sanders campaigning .   West West Virginia be holding its primaries West Virginia May 10 , and Sanders Sanders Tuesday night predicted a win there . His Sanders of words drew back to the " political revolution " he Sanders waging against the Establishment , indicating that he Sanders not running a political campaign , but that his Sanders is something far greater for the eyes , minds and hearts of those who have embraced his Sanders . " This campaign is not just about electing a president . It is This campaign transforming our nation , " he Sanders . " You are the revolutionaries because you understand that unlike football or basketball . Politics is not a spectator sport . " Clinton won in Connecticut , Maryland , Pennsylvania and Delaware collectively , including Rhode Island , Tuesday ’s vote was dubbed the " Acela Primary " because the five states that held primaries on that day coincide with the route of Amtrak ’s speediest carrier . Despite having a greater number of delegates over Sanders , Clinton is far less popular of a candidate . Several polls also project Sanders beating Sanders frontrunner Donald Trump by a greater margin than Clinton a Clinton Sanders pointed Sanders again during his Tuesday Sanders speech from the podium . " What is also extremely important , is [ for the ] Democratic Party to look at which candidate is the candidate to defeat Donald Trump Republican frontrunner Donald Trump other Republican . " He said Sanders What we are seeing in national polls , [ is that they ] have national polls    points we of Donald Trump . Republican frontrunner Donald Trump than Secretary Clinton . " Sanders also emphasized this point during an interview in California last month . The race is likely to come down to California for both the California and the Democrats . Drawing back to the premise of his revolution , Sanders Sanders his belief Sanders " Sanders person , one vote " and that the more popular candidate should be the one to succeed to the presidential mantle . The people in every state in this country should have the right to determine who they want as president The people in every state in this country what the agenda of the Democratic Party should be . That ’s why we are in this race until the last vote is cast . That is why this campaign is going to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia with as many delegates as possible to fight for a progressive party platform that calls for a $ 15 an hour minimum wage , an end to our disastrous trade policies , a     health care system , breaking up Wall Street financial institutions , ending fracking in our country , making public colleges and universities tuition free and passing a carbon tax so we can effectively address the planetary crisis of climate change . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 