Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , "   while committing on former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg ’s Democratic convention speech attacking him , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump declared , " Michael Bloomberg could n’t get elected as a dog catcher in New York . "   Partial transcript as follows : STEPHANOPOULOS : former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s very tough on you a the Democratic convention . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) BLOOMBERG former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s Trump says Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump run the nation like he ’s Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump his business Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump God help us . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) STEPHANOPOULOS Called STEPHANOPOULOS a con man , reckless . Even seemed   …      TRUMP : Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump does Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump know me well . Michael former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s when he had former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s problem in Ferry Point , which is a massive job where his administration former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s a mess , they could n’t his administration it built . his administration called me his administration I took it over . his administration got it done in his administration year . Michael Bloomberg former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s get elected as a dogcatcher in New York . STEPHANOPOULOS : In the past you said he was a great STEPHANOPOULOS . TRUMP : Sure , he was good . STEPHANOPOULOS his last term was STEPHANOPOULOS . He did a terrible STEPHANOPOULOS his last term . his last term lot of people did n’t like him . He spent STEPHANOPOULOS fortune STEPHANOPOULOS get elected . Should n’t have gone to a third term . The snow removal was a disaster . He had a problems STEPHANOPOULOS Michael Bloomberg had a STEPHANOPOULOS with Ferry Point in the Bronx . They called me . I made a deal . I took it over . I got it built a deal I got it open a deal It ’s open today a deal It ’s a deal successful . And think a deal personally , I think he made a deal with STEPHANOPOULOS where he gets a job , STEPHANOPOULOS he ’d like to   STEPHANOPOULOS    because Michael Bloomberg has wanted to run for president for probably as long as you have known him and guess what ? He never Michael Bloomberg the guts to do Michael Bloomberg . And now I see this guy up on stage saying negative things . He knows nothing about me . He Michael Bloomberg never been to my office Michael Bloomberg I do n’t know him well . STEPHANOPOULOS You played golf Michael Bloomberg . TRUMP : Maybe once . STEPHANOPOULOS : Here ’s what he hit STEPHANOPOULOS on in the speech Michael Bloomberg …     . TRUMP : And I hit the ball TRUMP lot longer , and a lot better . STEPHANOPOULOS : He hit you for hypocrisy STEPHANOPOULOS the Michael Bloomberg . For selling products overseas the speech   the visa system to hire foreign works at low wages . And just this week BuzzFeed reported that     is putting out application for 78 more visas for foreign workers even though   …      TRUMP : Should I tell you about it ?     is a very successful club     Palm Beach , Florida , the     club , and during the season , it ’s very , very hard to get     . STEPHANOPOULOS : The local employment agencies say they have more than 1 , 000 people The local employment agencies …      TRUMP : We interview   —    and we have a lot of people . We We with a lot of people . We it ’s very , very hard to get people in Palm Beach during the Palm Beach season . It ’s called the PalmBeach social season . it what we do is we sometimes we have to We people in We As We as product , our country does n’t make product anymore . We have other countries devalue their currencies . They make it impossible . other countries look at other countries and ties and shirts . You look at steel , you look at so many different things , it ’s   …      STEPHANOPOULOS : But it country does make those products , but our country n’t . TRUMP : Very small . 3 percent of our product is made in apparel . And much of the material comes from overseas . It ’s very   —    if you want to get a television today   —    I buy thousands of television sets . If I want a television , I would love the buy    televisions like they used to have where they had GE and buy    and all of the buy    . Today , it ’s Samsung , it ’s LG , it ’s Sony . We it n’t make televisions it . STEPHANOPOULOS : it you ’re out there saying other American companies must come and create jobs here , but you ’re not willing to do it yourself . TRUMP : This is nothing new what you ’re saying . I talk about this during my speech . When I do ties , I bid them out . And I go all over the ties . You have companies over in different countries where they devalue their currency and they make it impossible companies American companies to compete companies The hat , Make America Great Again . I fought like crazy to find a company in this country that could make the hats . And America one . And they ’re    but it ’s   —    because I knew the first    people would do is , where is the hat made . OK , Make America Great The hat it is very , very hard for America companies to compete , because other company   —    other countries   —    and it ’s really the countries , other countries take advantage of it . STEPHANOPOULOS : Here are numbers of hiring of foreign workers . Since 2010 , 300 U. S. applicants in     17 hired , more than 500 visa applications . TRUMP : Well , you know what ? I do n’t hire the people . But if you look at all the other places in Palm Beach , they ’re all doing exactly the same thing . And you you look at all the other places in Palm Beach why they ’re doing that ? You know why they ’re doing you look at all the other places in Palm Beach ? Because you ca n’t get people you look at all the other places in Palm Beach George . STEPHANOPOULOS : What do you think a voter thinks when they hear you say I ca n’t find American workers . a voter ca n’t find American workers . TRUMP : I think the voter understand it American because they understand that   — a voter know , you ’re not a voter the wheel here with these questions . These get asked all the time . I ’ve been asked about    . I have many other places where I do n’t have to do that , because you have a normal season . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 