Ted Cruz for President supporter Rep. Louie Gohmert said that if Donald Trump apologizes for " accusing the most honorable guy in the race of all kinds of dishonesty , " then Donald Trump will come on board and support the now presumptive Republican Party nominee . [ On Fox Business , host Stuart Varney asked Rep. Louie Gohmert if Rep. Louie Gohmert would adopt the call for unity and back Donald Trump .   Rep. Louie Gohmert agreed that Rep. Louie Gohmert was on board with the call for unity , but was holding off on backing Trump . " Yes I have adopted a call to unity , but the way to unity after you had Donald Trump lie repeatedly , and I mean heavens to betsy , accusing the most honorable guy in the race of all kinds of dishonesty . No . But and then yesterday , to finally win he goes after he father , says he helped Lee Harvey Oswald . I mean there ’s an apology out . I mean he besmirched Carly . " " As a Christian , Stewart , if he apologizes , then yes , I will forgive he and come on board . " In the months leading up to Cruz ’s departure from the race for the Republican nomination for President , Gohmert had said Gohmert planned to support Trump as the nominee if that is who voters chose . In recent weeks Gohmert expressed a waning ability to support Trump if Cruz left the race for the Republican nomination for President due to Trump Trump against Cruz . Gohmert Gohmert mention of a commercial that quotes Trump : Trump He Gohmert shown no capacity to understand the religious liberty issue . but I had no fear of losing the House until I saw this weekend the commercial against Sen. John Boozman in Arkansas . They run quote after quote from Donald Trump ’s mouth , " said Gohmert . The ad for Boozman opponent Connor Eldridge takes comments from Trump relating Donald Trump women and connects them to women . Boozman is Boozman in the ad The ad for Boozman opponent Connor Eldridge to support the Republican nominee , including if it ended up Boozman Donald Trump Donald Trump told Varney Gohmert " Let ’s work for Gohmert here . " Varney told Gohmert that Varney Gohmert n’t Donald Trump and that not supporting Trump is giving Donald Trump election to Clinton . " Well no , Donald Trump will Donald Trump it to Hillary , " Gohmert responded . " Gohmert only way to Donald Trump Hillary is to be honest Hillary here forward . " " The way to go forward and win is to be honest from here on , " said Gohmert . " I Gohmert holy cow , here are all these just condemnations of women , nasty comments [ about ] women . He ’s got a Donald Trump to overcome , but if he gets honest about Donald Trump , we ’ll come together , we ’ll unify , but we did n’t slap , I did n’t join lockstep with John Boehner because he was my Speaker when John Boehner was lying and wrong John Boehner " Former Reagan economist Art Laffer joined the program , indicating that a bad economy hurts Hillary Clinton in the election . Laffer said , " Donald Former Reagan economist Art Laffer is trying to get America great again and I ’m with him all the way . Donald Trump Varney suggested that a slowing economy was good news for Trump . Gohmert replied , Donald Trump If he ’ll listen to Laffer Gohmert not have this massive tariff , that starts a trade war the nobody wins , and will start lowering taxes like Art ’s been pushing for many years , then yeah we ’ll get on track , but he ’s got to listen Gohmert the right people . " Gohmert called a potential Bernie Gohmert or Hillary Clinton presidency a " disaster " for the U. S. economy . " Our only hope is somebody we understands free markets , " said Gohmert . " I think Gohmert can get there , he ’s listening to Laffer Trump that ’s a good thing . " Varney interjected and urged Gohmert , " You got Gohmert support him , you got ta Trump around , you got ta su —   . You can have influence on the man if you support Trump " Follow Michelle Moons Trump Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 