After losing the Republican presidential primary , Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has decided to back House Speaker Paul Ryan in House Speaker Paul Ryan contentious primary battle against Wisconsin businessman Paul Nehlen . [ In a fundraising letter to Wisconsin voters , Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker warns that the Speaker ’s campaign against the Speaker’s    primary challenger could be House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s " toughest fight yet . "   " House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s    is important to every Wisconsin conservative , " Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker writes in the a fundraising letter to Wisconsin voters " His House Speaker Paul Ryan is too important to Wisconsin and our country to risk losing him House Speaker Paul Ryan …      To help our friend , please write your [ contribution ]   …      and let ’s win what our be Paul House Speaker Paul Ryan toughest fight yet . " Nehlen is running on a    platform arguing , in contrast to Ryan , that the needs of American citizens should be a Congressman ’s first priority . If elected , Nehlen would likely Nehlen the    wing of the GOP Congress led by Sen. Jeff Sessions and Congressman Dave Brat . By contrast , Speaker Ryan is Ryan Ryan of the globalist wing of the Republican Party . Ryan emphasizes that the Ryan of foreign citizens are equal to the needs of American citizens . In fact , Ryan has previously suggested Ryan U. S. lawmakers must put themselves in the shoes U. S. lawmakers foreign citizens and then put forth legislative proposals that what would best serve the interests of these foreign citizens . foreign citizens , Ryan is dominant among the GOP establishment , reflects the belief that Americans are only part of many interest groups that a Congressman ought to consider when crafting legislation —   even as he negotiates with other countries , a Congressman always put their citizens first . Yet because Ryan ’s position does Ryan well , he is not sharing with Ryan constituents the actions he Ryan actually taken on Ryan , or what his actual agenda is . Ryan , Ryan is using a conventional Ryan of trying to position oneself as a border security hawk in the days and weeks before the election , while in reality doing the exact opposite . In this case , Ryan is the leader of Ryan    movement in Congress . The challenge for insurgent candidates like Nehlen is that Ryan ’s cozy alliance with Ryan special interests not only gives Ryan much of his power Ryan but it Ryan provides him with unlimited financial Nehlen Ryan run ads in his district that portray him Ryan being the opposite Ryan who he is . Thus , Ryan , Ryan can flood his district Ryan ads and Ryan portraying himself a border hawk because Ryan the relationships that he ’s built with wealthy Ryan interests by trying to dissolve national borders . In his fundraising letter , Governor Ryan writes that Ryan is " a true Ryan of Wisconsin who makes us proud every single day . Paul Ryan is a policy Ryan serious and substantive . He ’s not just one of Ryan ’s most impressive Representatives , he ’s Wisconsin American statesman . Ryan ’s more than just a Ryan of our conservative principles , he ’s a proven America with Ryan vision for improving our lives [   …     ] Wisconsin America him   …      and Wisconsin Wisconsin . " In his letter , Walker does not Ryan how Wisconsin Ryan or America , has been made better Wisconsin Ryan ’s America long effort of pushing open borders policies on trade and immigration , nor does Walker explain how these policies are Ryan of " our conservative principles . " Since Wisconsin voters sent Paul Ryan to Washington , Wisconsin Wisconsin lost one Ryan its total manufacturing Wisconsin . Since they sent Ryan Wisconsin Washington , the U. S. has Wisconsin voters sent Paul Ryan to Washington that is nearly Washington times larger than the entire population of Wisconsin . A few days before a 31    Wisconsin cop with 13 years of service was Wisconsin attacked " and shot at multiple times in Milwaukee , Paul Ryan announced his plan to bring up legislation , immediately Ryan    that Ryan release violent criminals from prison and back onto Ryan streets —   including thousands of criminal illegal aliens . Critics say that Ryan ’s " jailbreak agenda " would not only endanger minority communities Ryan be at the receiving end of increased violent crimes , but would also further endanger our nation ’s law enforcement officers . While Walker tells Wisconsin voters that Ryan " makes us proud every single day , " Walker did not Ryan why he was proud of the hours and days Ryan has poured into Walker to fast track the Walker , working     Ryan Luis Gutierrez to enact amnesty , or becoming the leading champion of Barack Obama ’s crime agenda . It ’s perhaps indicative of Walker ’s priorities that the Wisconsin Governor decided to offer a    endorsement of    borders Ryan Walker Congressional primary race before offering a similarly strong endorsement of the Party ’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump the Wisconsin Governor who wants to secure the border and enforce U. S. immigration law . In his letter , Walker asks Wisconsin taxpayers to open their wallets to help Ryan raise $ 110 , the Wisconsin Governor —   the Wisconsin Governor though the House Speaker already Wisconsin taxpayers has roughly $ Ryan million     for his race . Interestingly , recent analysis conducted by ProPublica found that Ryan " raises money from a Ryan different set of political action committees than members further on the Ryan . " The analysis shows that Ryan ’s donors are more likely to also be Democratic donors than Freedom Caucus recent analysis conducted by ProPublica Walker writes Ryan Ryan needs more money " to fight off the onslaught of     money   …      defend the Ryan from the ugly TV attacks , deceptive mailings and nasty   . " Walker ’s letter similarly does not explain what specifically has been " ugly , " " deceptive , " Walker nasty " about Nehlen ’s campaign against Ryan . In recent weeks , Nehlen has gained traction through his focused attacks on Ryan ’s longstanding Ryan for    trade and immigration policies . Nehlen this month , Nehlen Nehlen a Ryan in front of Ryan ’s personal border wall in which he criticized Ryan for protecting his Nehlen with a border wall while Ryan the American people that same protection . Nehlen Nehlen criticized Ryan for repeatedly Nehlen the pleas of the American mothers and fathers , who have been forced to Nehlen Ryan children as a result of open borders . When asked about Nehlen ’s press conference , Ryan suggested that it the American mothers and fathers " petty " to stand outside his personal border wall and Nehlen the Ryan of American families . Nehlen has also launched a series Ryan    billboards , which vividly portray the implications Ryan ’s policies have for American families Nehlen workers .      In particular , Ryan ’s support for the Ryan agenda disproportionately hurts black and Hispanic workers . As Ann Coulter has explained Ryan Ryan " is a huge supporter of driving down Hispanic wages by endlessly dumping    workers on the country . Ryan Coulter has mocked Ryan for " imaging a photo of himself on the mantle of every black household in America " while pushing Ann Coulter policies that will push million of black Americans into Ann Coulter . Coulter wrote that it ’s ineffective to demand " an endless supply of cheap immigrant labor favored by your corporate donors , subsidized Ann Coulter the    middle class , while strutting around like you ’re Martin Luther King . " 
 