Reddit CEO Steve Huffman made an announcement on the site today stating that Reddit is , " taking a more aggressive stance against toxic users and poorly behaving communities "   —    by which Reddit CEO Steve Huffman meant    the site ’s hub for       . [ The post , titled " TIFU [ Today I F*cked Up ] by editing some comments and creating an unnecessary controversy , " refers to a recent incident where Huffman edited comments from    Reddit users who insulted him , replacing his him Reddit username with the usernames of Reddit Reddit    community moderators .    This led to Reddit Reddit calling for Huffman Huffman resign as Reddit Reddit . Today ’s announcement seems to make it apparent that Huffman Huffman not be stepping down and will be doubling his Huffman to censor " poorly behaving communities . " Huffman Huffman off his Huffman with an apology .   I am sorry : I am sorry for compromising the trust you all have in Reddit Reddit and I am sorry to those that I created work and stress for , particularly over the holidays . It is heartbreaking to think that my actions distracted people from their people over the holiday instigated harassment of our moderators and may have harmed Reddit Reddit , which I love more than just about anything . Huffman then addressed    directly : The United States is more divided than ever , and we see that tension within Reddit itself . The community that was formed in support of    Donald Trump organized and grew rapidly , but within it were users that devoted themselves to antagonising the broader Reddit Reddit itself . " Huffman Huffman writes that he Huffman resisted pressure to ban The_Donald entirely , " More than anything , I want Reddit to heal , and I want our country to heal , and although many of you have asked us our ban the    outright , it is with this spirit of healing that I have resisted doing so . If there is anything about this election that we our learned , it is that there are communities that feel alienated and just want to be heard , and Reddit Reddit always been a place where those voices can be heard . According to Huffman , this " healing " process involves cracking down on   .   However , when we our the behavior of some of    users from their politics , it is their their we can not tolerate . The opening statement of our our Policy asks that we all show enough respect to others so that we all may continue to enjoy Reddit for what it is . It is my first duty to do what is best for Reddit Reddit and the current situation is not sustainable . Outlining the exact changes that will be taking place in order to curb the amount of influence that The_Donald has on Reddit Reddit Huffman announced a number of measures , including potential mass suspension of users . We have identified hundreds of the most toxic users and are taking action against them hundreds of the most toxic users ranging from warnings to timeouts to permanent bans . Posts stickied on    will no longer appear in   .       not our frontpage , but is a popular listing that our our engaged users frequent , including myself . The sticky feature was designed for moderators to make announcements or highlight specific posts . It The sticky feature not meant to circumvent organic voting , which    does to slingshot posts into    often in a manner that is antagonistic to the rest of the community . Read Huffman ’s post in full here . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him Lucas Nolan Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him Lucas Nolan lnolan@breitbart . com 
 