Donald Trump Jr. says Donald Trump Jr. shares Donald Trump Jr. personal commitment to the Second Amendment and    policies with Donald Trump Jr. father , presidential candidate Donald J. Trump . [ Donald Trump Jr. is a competitive high power shooter and a hunter . He Donald Trump Jr. of how traveling to shoot in competition —   particularly entering California with an    —   has taught him Donald Trump Jr. the mess that    citizens face in trying to exercise their citizens to keep and bear arms .   He Donald Trump Jr. said : The Second Amendment was not a random afterthought 150 years after the constitution was written . It was the second thing after freedom of speech and religion . The fact that that ’s even up for interpretation is even up for interpretation by the left these days is candidly mind boggling . Don Jr. then spoke of his Don Jr. , saying : If you recall San Bernardino , if you recall Paris , he Don Jr. the only one of these    Amendment candidates that said the next day —   when things were still a little bit sensitive , when things were still understandably a little bit touchy —   he Don Jr. the only to say , " Hey , California , France , toughest gun laws in the world , if there were bullets going the other way maybe this would be a game changer . Maybe something different would happen . " What kind of a outcomes do you expect when you ’re essentially setting up a system where it ’s fish in a barrel because we know these gun laws only affect people who are actually willing to play by the rules ? They people who are actually willing to play by the rules not affect people who are willing to kill people for their people . We asked Don Jr. about his Don Jr. ’s position that concealed carry is a right , not a privilege , Don Don Jr. , " Between myself , Don Jr. brother , my father , and my wife , we We four of the 1 , 500 concealed carry permits for New York City , which is one of the most difficult carry licenses to get anywhere in the world and certainly in the United States . It is something we We in fundamentally . " He criticized Don Jr.    stance of certain lawmakers , whereby they equate honoring the Second Amendment with allowing citizens to keep a " sporting rifle in their home citizens " Don Jr. made clear such a scenario in unacceptable because it does not allow citizens to protect themselves where citizens are citizens they move citizens their day citizens Speaking for himself and his father himself said himself " We believe in the right to carry . " Don Jr. Don Jr. to the need for reciprocity between the states , saying , " Why can you get a driver ’s license that is recognized     but a concealed weapons permit is not treated the same ? There is a process to do that in a Trump administration because it makes sense . " This is right in line with what Donald J. Trump said via a policy paper on guns released September 18 , 2015 . Trump said , Donald J. Trump right of    does n’t stop at the end of your driveway . That ’s why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too . That permit should a concealed carry permit in all 50 states . A driver ’s license works in every state , so it ’s common sense A driver’s license a concealed carry permit should work in every state . If we can do that for driving   —    which is a privilege , not a right   —    then surely we can do that we concealed carry , which is a right , not a privilege . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : AWR Hawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 