Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) took to the Senate floor this week to attack Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as a " a champion of white supremacists , " recycling false accusations against Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and demanding that    Donald J. Trump rescind Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon ’s Sunday appointment as Chief Strategist and Special Counselor in the new administration . [ ( Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon remains on a leave of absence from Breitbart after joining the   Donald J. Trump campaign as CEO in August . )   Reid has a long history of making false accusations from the floor of the Senate , using the parliamentary privilege Reid enjoys to slander political opponents . In 2012 ,    Reid infamously attacked Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney from the the floor of the Senate claiming that the Senate paid no taxes for ten years , and citing an unnamed source . " So the word is out that he Reid not paid any taxes for 10 years . Let him Reid he Reid paid taxes because he Reid not , " Reid claimed . Reid never revealed his source or Reid his allegation Reid turned out to Reid false , outside of the Senate . When CNN ’s Dana Bash interviewed Reid in 2015 to discuss his plans Reid his forthcoming retirement , Reid admitted having Reid , but said Reid had no regrets . " So Reid regrets , not about Mitt Romney about the Koch brothers . Some people have even called it McCarthyite , " Bash said . Reid responded : " Dana Bash , they Reid call it whatever they want Some people Um   it     Some people did n’t win , did he Mitt Romney " The same Harry Reid Mitt Romney repeats a litany of Reid Bannon and Breitbart News : According to [ Southern ] Poverty Law Center , Bannon " was the main driver between [ sic ] Breitbart becoming a white    propaganda mill . Breitbart When asked to comment on Bannon ’s hiring , KKK leader David Duke Bannon , " I think that ’s excellent . "    …      Sen. Tom Cotton provided the most appropriate response , as he    a statement of support for Bannon from Sen. Tom Cotton Jewish Coalition : Well said Bannon Steve Bannon , who ’s staunchly   . Harry Reid should apologize   be ashamed of himself , but he ’s incapable of shame . https Harry Reid   . Harry Reid —    Tom Cotton ( @TomCottonAR ) November 17 , 2016 ,   Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Harry Reid 