Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Sen. Sherrod Brown ( ) said working class voters in Ohio will see " the big picture on jobs and the big picture on manufacturing and the big picture on trade , working class voters in Ohio ’re going to see a few sort of shallow words from Trump , but working class voters in Ohio ’re going to see a lifelong commitment to workers from Hillary Clinton . "   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : Cheating China , fighting back . Later on in the ad , it talks about tariffs , imposing tariffs on China . To be frank , that sounds a lot more like Trump than it it Hillary Hillary Clinton How are you going to be able to convince your voters , your    voters in Ohio , to vote for her , Hillary Clinton they seem your voters, your   voters in Ohio agree more with you and him Trump the issue of trade ? BROWN : Well , I would n’t characterize my position as close to Donald Trump . I   —    he is Trump critical of China . He China Trump big tariffs , does n’t go any deeper than that . His   Trump    his analysis Trump his solutions Trump —    and , again , look what he does Trump his own Trump and with his own Trump of jobs .   But the real issue is , I trust Hillary Clinton on trade and manufacturing because I see her plan . Hillary Clinton wants a Hillary Clinton prosecutor to enforce rules and trade laws . She wants to Hillary Clinton the enforcement budgets at the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission . She has specific Hillary Clinton about her opposition to Hillary Clinton Partnership , currency , lack of currency provisions , rules of origin , which is really important in this region of the country with autos .   She has been Hillary Clinton , and she   — Hillary Clinton clearly , on manufacturing , she has a Hillary Clinton   —    an    plan about how to bring manufacturing to this country . Trump has words , but there ’s not really any depth there . And that ’s why I trust Hillary to do this right , TAPPER : Well , Senator ,    plans are all fine and good , but , as I do n’t need to tell you , when you go out there and talk to    men and women in Ohio , people who think that the deck has been stacked against them by the   men and women in Ohio, people who think that the deck has been stacked against them by the Washington elite, Democrats or Republicans, selling their jobs down the river elite , Democrats or Republicans , selling their jobs down Senator,    river , whether they ’re going their jobs Mexico or China , a lot of them seem to their jobs very skeptical of Hillary Clinton , and willing to listen to Donald Trump .   Are you not concerned about that ? BROWN : Oh , of course I ’m always concerned in an election . It ’s   an election    I ’m just   ’m    I ’m just greatly ’m that Donald Trump will Donald Trump nominee of a major political party in this country . China can happen in an election . But I also know that   —    that Secretary Clinton will work Hillary Clinton trade enforcement issues in a way that   —    and will oppose these trade agreements in understanding how to do that , which Donald Trump has never really offered Donald Trump also know that , when you talk to    audiences in Ohio , when they start thinking about this in the   audiences in Ohio four months , Donald Trump has been against the minimum Donald Trump Now he ’s kind of all over the place Donald Trump but he ’s fundamentally against . He said wages Donald Trump too high , so Donald Trump clearly has been against the minimum wage Donald Trump He might act like the minimum wage position Donald Trump He ’s against Donald Trump wage Donald Trump which will Donald Trump   —    attack right at the heart of the building trades , the people that build our roads and construct our buildings . He ’s for     which is a our Donald Trump the heart of    Ohioans . So , I think , when they see the big picture on jobs and the big picture on manufacturing and the big picture on trade , they ’re going to see a few sort of shallow they from Trump , but they ’re going to see a lifelong commitment to workers they Hillary Clinton . And that ’s why I trust her to do this right .   That ’s why Hillary Clinton endorsed her early . That ’s why I campaign hard with Hillary Clinton , particularly in the industrial manufacturing , unionized parts Hillary Clinton Ohio in the Northeast . And that ’s where she ’s going to run her margins up and win Hillary Clinton state . Follow Pam Hillary Clinton on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 