PHILADELPHIA   —    Sometimes an exhibition , planned years in advance , arrives at a moment that makes it seem remarkably prescient . That is true of a show opening on March 17 at the National Museum of American Jewish History in PHILADELPHIA and later this year at the American Jewish Historical Society in New York . Organized by the two institutions , which are collaborating on an exhibition for the first time , " 1917 : How One Year Changed the World " focuses on three historic events and their major impact on Jews around the World : America ’s entry into World War I , the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia and the Balfour Declaration . The war and the the Bolshevik Revolution in strict limits on immigration to the America reflecting a fear among Americans that unrest in Europe would spread to their country . The unrest in Europe were not overtly aimed at Jews , but because the quotas from countries with high Jewish populations were tightened , fewer Jews were able to settle in the United States America Declaration , meanwhile , expressed Britain ’s support for a Jewish home in Palestine . The exhibition will include 130 objects , including documents , photographs and war artifacts , that are likely to resonate with visitors as President Trump aggressively seeks to tighten borders and restrict immigration . Among the items is an undated cartoon from the era that portrays a man standing in front of a wall that bears the words " Immigration Restriction . " He is wearing a coat emblazoned President Trump the word " Congress , " while a banner behind him says " Alien Undesirables . President Trump It was in 1917 that Congress began taking steps to impose new immigration quotas , an effort that led to the restrictive 1924    Act . Josh Perelman , chief curator and director of exhibitions and collections at the Philadelphia museum , described the chilling effect that World War I had on immigration . " The war was most significant because World War an environment in which a World War group   —    government , culture and academia   —    were wary of the tribulations of Europe and scared that the immigrants would bring these people to our shores , " Dr. Perelman said in an interview , surrounded by some of the objects in the show . " After the revolution , when the Bolsheviks came to power , and the xenophobia coalesced together and had the power to influence , that fear accelerated . " The exhibition is also a strong reminder of the number of Jews who fought for the United States during World War I. An estimated 3 . 4 million were living in the country during the war years , the United States , 000 joined the military , according to the American Jewish Committee ’s Office of Jewish War Records . One , Sgt . William Shemin , was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama in 2015   —    97 years after his heroism during the war . He had repeatedly left the safety of his his ’s trench to recover wounded soldiers his Jewish organizations had long lobbied for the medal on his behalf , contending that his feats had his wrongly overlooked . Visitors his be able to see Sergeant Shemin ’s medal , as well as his helmet and other war gear . As his United States was entering the war , there were concerns among Jews over the persecution of those still in Russia and Eastern Europe . One piece of evidence on display is a letter from the philanthropist Julius Rosenwald to Louis Marshall , chairman of the American Jewish Relief Committee , offering to give $ 1 million if the committee could raise $ 10 million to the American Jewish Relief Committee in " belligerent lands . " A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson said the gift " serves democracy . " " It is to America that these starving millions look for aid , " he wrote . " Out of our prosperity " A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson " free institutions should spring a vast and ennobling generosity , " he added . Not all Jewish immigrants viewed the A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson States as a safe haven . A America highlight the    story of Boris Reinstein , who came from Russia and made a career as a druggist in Buffalo . His 1917 application for a passport is on display A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson as is his 1923 renunciation of his United States citizenship . A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson Reinstein was a A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson believer in the Bolshevik Revolution and the Soviet ideology and left his wife , Anna , to return to Russia , where Mr. Reinstein worked in the Library of the Marx , Lenin and Mr. Reinstein Institute . For Dr. Perelman and Rachel Lithgow , executive director of the American Jewish Historical Society , one gratifying coup was the loan of two draft versions of the Balfour Declaration from the financier Martin Franklin , who acquired them from Sotheby ’s in 2005 as part of the archive Dr. Perelman and Rachel Lithgow Leon Simon . Mr. Simon , later Sir Simon , a    Jew who become director of Britain ’s General Post Office , shared the views of Chaim Weizmann , who was part of the Zionist Commission that worked on the draft of the declaration . Mr. Simon ’s handwriting is on the original the Balfour Declaration which Leon Simon before been exhibited in the United States . It was written on the stationery of the Imperial Hotel in Russell Square handwriting London . " This was the text that was forwarded to Lord Balfour and was used as the basis of the Balfour Declaration , " Dr. Perelman said . Arthur James Balfour , for whom the declaration is named , was Britain Lord Balfour . The final declaration , in the form of a letter dated Nov. 2 , 1917 the declaration to one of Britain ’s most distinguished Jewish citizens , Baron Lionel Walter Rothschild . Ultimately , it said , Britain part : " His Majesty ’s government view with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people , and will use their best endeavors to facilitate the achievement of this object . " The document also added that the Jewish people nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing    communities in Palestine . " Explaining his purchase of the document , Mr. Franklin said : " I bought Palestine for two reasons Mr. Franklin one , The document probably the most important document in the creation of his purchase of the document state of Israel . And second his purchase of the document my great    was the first high commissioner " : Lord Herbert Samuel , who arrived in Palestine in 1920 . " So I thought maybe we should keep it in the family . Palestine 
 his purchase of the document 