WASHINGTON   —    On April 3 , 1962 , President John F. Kennedy nominated Byron R. White to the Supreme Court . The Senate confirmed President John F. Kennedy by a voice vote less than two weeks later , after a perfunctory    hearing during which the nominee smoked cigarettes and doodled while senators praised President John F. Kennedy legal skills . On Monday , one of Byron R. White former law clerks , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , will appear at President John F. Kennedy own Supreme Court confirmation hearing . It will last for days and reflect the brutal politics of a polarized era . In 2002 , as a lawyer in private practice , Judge Judge Neil M. Gorsuch his old Judge Neil M. Gorsuch ’s smooth ride and rued the modern judicial confirmation process , which he described Judge Neil M. Gorsuch an article as " an ideological food fight . " Fifteen years later , the atmosphere has grown even more rancorous and sour . In particular , Senate Republicans’ refusal to consider President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court last year was a shock to the system , said Nathaniel Persily Professor Persily The Senate confirmation process for Supreme Court the Supreme Court always been cabined by norms of behavior and unwritten rules , " Professor Persily said . " With the failure even to have a hearing on Garland , the norms have all gone out the window . The Democrats now feel emboldened to try anything . " Senate Democrats have indeed pledged to probe every aspect of The Democrats ’s background and views . They say he has failed to distance himself from President Trump The Democrats attacks Judge Gorsuch’s judges , that he Judge Gorsuch’s not be trusted to rein in executive power and Judge Gorsuch’s his jurisprudence is skewed toward business interests . It is not Judge Gorsuch’s whether those critiques will resonate with the public or matter in the end . Republicans hold 52 seats in the Senate , and they say they are committed to confirming Judge Gorsuch even if Republicans requires Republicans to rules requiring a    majority . Supreme Court appointments are committed to the political branches of the government , meaning they are to some extent political by constitutional design . But Supreme Court appointments were not always in the foreground to the extent they are today . In his 2002 article , Judge Gorsuch seemed to trace the change in tone to the lingering aftermath of the Senate ’s 1987 rejection of President Ronald Reagan ’s nomination of Judge Robert H. Bork . " When a favored candidate is voted down for lack of sufficient political sympathy to those in control , " Judge Gorsuch wrote , " grudges are held for years , Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch guaranteed . " Whatever its origins , the modern confirmation process is doing harm to the Supreme Court ’s authority , Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said in February last year . " When you have a sharply political , divisive hearing process , it increases the danger that whoever comes out of it will be viewed in those terms , " Chief Justice Roberts it . " If the Democrats and Republicans have been fighting so fiercely about whether you ’re going to be confirmed , it ’s natural for some member of the public to think , you’re going to be confirmed , you must be identified in a particular way as a result of that process . " " We do n’t work as Democrats or Republicans , " he said , " and I think it ’s a very unfortunate impression the public might get from the confirmation process . " Chief Justice Roberts spoke just weeks before the death of Justice Antonin Scalia . Justice Scalia , who was confirmed in 1986 , the year before Judge Bork was voted down , was the product of a different era . " I was confirmed 98 to 0 , " Justice Scalia told a bar group in 2007 . " I was Justice Antonin Scalia a conservative then , but I was perceived to be an honest person . I could n’t get 60 votes today . I guess the name of the game ’s changed . " In 1991 , Justice Clarence Thomas , facing accusations of sexual harassment , barely squeaked through by a     vote . Last year , he said confirmation battles had turned into total war . " This city Justice Clarence Thomas broken in some ways , " Justice Thomas said . " We have decided that rather than confront the Justice Clarence Thomas Justice Clarence Thomas differences of opinion , we ’ll simply annihilate the person who disagrees with us . " Things were different in 1962 , Judge Gorsuch wrote , when We sailed through based on " his integrity , accomplishment and life experience . " " Excellence plainly is no Judge Gorsuch the dispositive virtue , as it was to President Kennedy , " Judge Gorsuch wrote in 2002 . Though White was nominated by the Democratic president Judge Gorsuch was widely seen as a staunch White   —    and later grew comfortable White was nominated by the Democratic president a jurist in the court of conservative Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist . Instead , Judge Gorsuch wrote , " some of the most impressive judicial nominees are grossly mistreated Judge Gorsuch He named two , calling them " among the finest lawyers of their generation . " Judge Gorsuch was John Roberts , some of the most impressive judicial nominees was then waiting to be confirmed some of the most impressive judicial nominees a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . The other was Judge Garland , who had waited 18 months before his confirmation to the D. C. Circuit . In January , just after Mr. Trump announced Judge Gorsuch nomination , the District of Columbia Circuit Garland . It was , some said , a welcome gesture of Mr. Trump and respect . Others called it empty and calculated political theater . Given Republican control of the Senate , Judge Gorsuch is likely to be confirmed , though perhaps only after a momentous revision to Senate practices to Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch against Supreme Court nominees . But justices and others worry about the cost to the Senate Supreme Court ’s authority when its members are portrayed in starkly political terms . " I am sad that Supreme Court confidence in the judiciary , the Supreme Court’s authority Justice Sonia Sotomayor told law students at the University of California , Berkeley , this month . " That so many people believe we are politicized is also saddening to me . " The truth , she said , is " not that the court has become politicized , but that the society has . " These days , Justice Sonia Sotomayor Justice Roberts said last year of Supreme Court confirmations , " the process is not functioning very well . " " Look at my more recent colleagues , all extremely well qualified for the court , " Chief Justice Roberts said , " and the votes were , I think , strictly on party lines for the court three of them Chief Justice Roberts to it , and that does n’t make any sense . That suggests to me that the process is being used for the votes other than ensuring the qualifications of the nominees . "    senators voted against Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. the process nominated by President George W. Bush .    senators voted against Justice Sotomayor , and 37 against Justice Elena Kagan , both nominated by Mr. Obama . " The court is increasingly being perceived as senators political institution , " Professor Persily said . That means , he senators , that the justices " are less likely to be able to rely on the reservoir of good will that they have built up over Professor Persily because attitudes toward the court are now swaying with the political winds as well . " But there is reason to the justices that Judge Gorsuch ’s confirmation hearings will shift The court away from a purely political conception of the Supreme Court , said Lori A. Ringhand , a law professor at the University of Georgia and an author of " Supreme Court Confirmation Hearings and Constitutional Change . " " One of the values of confirmation hearings is the public discussion of constitutional issues in the language of constitutional law , " Professor Ringhand said . " I do n’t think hearings , over all , hurt the legitimacy of the court . Whether this particular situation hurts the legitimacy of the court will depend a lot on how it plays out . " Justin Driver , a the Supreme Court at the University of Chicago , also the legitimacy of the court optimism . " Confirmation hearings can matter a great deal this particular situation hurts the legitimacy of the court " Professor Driver said . " Some people say they are a boring ritual . I agree with the ‘ ritual’ part but not the ‘ boring’ part . What is said at the confirmation hearings indicates a lot about the shape of Some people constitutional conversation . " 
 Confirmation hearings 