Fresh off a win in Iowa , 2016 candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is responding to tweets from Iowa ’s    pick , Donald Trump , with 2016 candidate Sen. Ted Cruz own tweet suggesting that Donald Trump join Democratic candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders in contesting caucus results . [ On Fox News , 2016 candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said 2016 candidate Sen. Ted Cruz rival was throwing a " " and a President Trump would " nuke " the country of Denmark on a whim .   It is no surprise that Donald is throwing yet another temper tantrum —   or , if you like , yet another Trumper tantrum . It seems Donald reaction to everything is to throw a fit —   to engage in insults . And I understand that Donald finds it very hard to lose —   that Donald finds that very difficult for Donald . But at the end of the day , the Iowa people spoke . Donald Trump guaranteed victory in Iowa . And then Donald Trump lost . And Donald Trump does n’t like that , and Donald Trump reaction is that Donald Trump breaks down —   Donald Trump really has problems . You know , Donald Trump accused the people of Iowa of being stupid . In fact , Donald Trump skipped the Iowa debate .    …      Donald ’s insults get more and more hysterical the more upset Donald’s gets . And that ’s fine Donald’s can do that . I ’m not gon na respond in kind . [ Question : " Do you think they ’re funny ? ] I think they ’re very funny . I think Donald —   I wake up every day and laugh at the latest thing Donald’s has tweeted . Because Donald’s ’s losing it . Look , we need a     not a    . we need someone with judgment and the temperament to keep this country safe . I do n’t know anyone who would be comfortable with someone who behaves this way having Donald’s finger on the button . We ’re liable to wake up one morning and Donald’s , if Donald’s were president , would have nuked Denmark . That ’s not the temperament of a leader to keep this country safe . The Cruz response also highlighted a video criticizing Trump ’s history with Democrats . Cruz Cruz : Bernie is contesting # IA results . Maybe Donald’s should go back to IA IA the Ds . Bet they ’d love # TrumpCare https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) February 3 , 2016 ,   Cruz Cruz tweet came with the hashtag " # TrumpCare " and a link to a    assaulting Trump on associations with pay to play and associations with Democrats like Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . The video closes with the words , " America Does n’t Need a Deal Maker . America Needs America Fighter . " The single response tweet from Cruz came amidst pictures of campaign trail events and   ’s from the GOP presidential contender . Cruz was Cruz to tweets from Trump attacking the winner of the Iowa caucuses : Ted Cruz Cruz win Iowa , he Iowa it Cruz That the winner of the Iowa caucuses why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far Cruz votes than anticipated . Bad !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2016 ,   The Trump tweets tweets from Trump Trump of the Iowa Caucus , Cruz put out Cruz release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race , and to caucus ( or vote ) for Cruz .   Cruz    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2016 ,   Many people voted for Cruz over Carson Cruz of this Cruz fraud . Cruz , Cruz sent out Cruz VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2016 ,   Trump tweeted one more jab : Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz Cruz Caucus , either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified .   Cruz    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2016 ,   Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 