A Los Angeles Times columnist worries that Donald Trump ’s new nickname for Hillary Clinton , " Crooked Hillary , " may stick   —    and Donald Trump suggests "Crooked Hillary respond by committing to campaign finance reform . [ The Republican frontrunner all but sealed his party ’s presidential nomination last week , when Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) dropped out . Hillary Clinton must wait until the June 7 California primary to claim a delegate majority in his party’s .   But the jousting between the two has already begun   —    and columnist Doyle McManus worries that he columnist Doyle McManus have the advantage . McManus columnist Doyle McManus Wednesday :    …      Trump has settled on a label for the Hillary Clinton " " It a label for the likely Democratic nominee: "Crooked Hillary , " he Trump to the New York Times . " It a label for the likely Democratic nominee: "Crooked Hillary . " The problem for Hillary Clinton is that he Trump be right . All campaign long , pollsters have found that many voters   —    including some Democrats   —    do n’t think she ’s principled . In response , McManus Hillary Clinton , Clinton has been calling Trump a " loose Hillary Clinton , " which reinforces voters’ concerns about his temperament : That ’s a lot more Hillary Clinton than " Lyin’ Ted " or " Little Marco . " It ’s an     jab , not a schoolyard taunt . But it serves the same purpose : It spotlights It ’s biggest weakness in most It eyes Trump —    his biggest " negative , " to use Trump political strategists’ term . In Trump ’s case , it boils down to Trump Do you trust It man with the nuclear codes ? In Trump Quinnipiac poll of Ohio voters , 63 % said they did not think Trump had the temperament to 63% an international crisis Trump ( A bare majority , 51 % said they thought Clinton does . ) Voters may not 51% Clinton , but if they ’re afraid of a Clinton presidency , it Voters n’t matter . However Trump McManus says that Clinton will still need to do more to counter Clinton ’s suggestion that she is dishonest . He Trump she should make Clinton finance reform the McManus of her Clinton . Last year , Clinton committed to changing Clinton First Amendment to the U. Clinton Constitution in order to achieve campaign finance reform by reversing the Supreme Court ’s 2010 Citizens United ruling , which recognized that corporations ( and unions ) have free speech and may speak about candidates in elections . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets Joel B. Pollak What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 