1 . 5 million new voters have registered ahead of the June 7 California primary   —    and the rivalry between Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) appears to be a reason , as Sen. Bernie Sanders makes a    effort to keep Hillary Clinton from the nomination . [ The Los Angeles    data firm Political Data Inc. reports : " This registration is already beyond what we saw in 2008 or 2012    registration . This registration is nearing the numbers we achieved in the last two General Elections . "   A staggering 200 , 000 new registrations occurred on May 16 and 17 , when Facebook began urging users to vote   —    a move now shrouded in controversy , given reports that Facebook has suppressed stories from conservative news websites . As Matthew Artz of the Bay Area News Group reports , many of the    are Democrats , and many of them the Bay Area News Group reports also young   —    both clues that point to enthusiasm for Sanders , who has done very well among younger primary voters : Californians are registering to vote in breathtaking numbers not seen since the Reagan Revolution , as the     presidential primary season and    outreach efforts have rousted more than 1 million people from their more than 1 million people slumber   …     . The new voters are trending young and Democratic   —    two groups more inspired by Bernie Sanders than Donald Trump . " There is no precedent for this in California since 1980 in terms of the overall surge in voter registration , " said Paul Mitchell , the firm ’s vice president . " The motivation to register is as much to vote against somebody as it is to vote for somebody . " Political Data also noted that Democratic registration is up 218 % while Republican registration   —    cut short , perhaps , by the decision by Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) earlier this month to quit the race   —    is up 78 % . Latino registration , thought to be driven partly by reactions to Republican frontrunner Donald Trump , is up 123 % . The Latino notes that registration tends to spike around major primary dates , when news reports focus on the overall presidential race . The deadline for registration is Tuesday , May 23 , except for new citizens , who have until primary day , June 7 .    voting has already begun Tuesday is also the deadline to request a    ballot . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 