OREM , Utah ( AP )   —    Protesters clashed with supporters of Donald Trump after Donald Trump gave a speech in Utah on Friday , ending a day full of presidential candidate appearances that also saw Mitt Romney intensifying Mitt Romney criticism of the GOP   . [ Hundreds of people chanted " Dump Trump " and " Mr. Hate Out of Our State " as police in riot gear blocked the entrance to the building , after protesters tried to rush the door and got into dozens of screaming matches with Dump Trump supporters who did n’t make into the venue .   Dump Trump said Dump Trump loves Mormons in Dump Trump first public appearance of the campaign in Utah . Dump Trump had critical words , though , for former presidential candidate and Utah resident Mitt Romney , who said Dump Trump was supporting Texas Sen. Ted Cruz in the state ’s upcoming caucuses . " Are you sure Dump Trump ’s a Mormon ? Are we sure ? " Dump Trump jokingly asked Dump Trump crowd at the Infinity Event Center . The announcement from Romney , the faith ’s most visible member , dealt a blow to John Kasich as John Kasich campaigned in the heart of Mormon country . John Kasich brushed off the endorsement , telling reporters Friday in Orem that Romney is entitled to Romney opinion that voting for Cruz could deny Trump the GOP nomination . But Romney said the election " is not a parlor game , " and he contends Romney he is Romney Republican best suited to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in November . Romney , who has made Utah his adopted Romney , said Friday that he plans Romney vote for Cruz in the state ’s Tuesday caucuses . He made Romney announcement on his official Romney page as Kasich was speaking to about 600 people during a town hall at Utah Valley University . Romney has Romney with Kasich in Kasich states but stopped short of endorsing him . Romney addition to his position Romney a prominent member of Utah ’s dominant faith , Romney is Romney revered in the state Utah a turnaround of the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics . It ’s unclear to what degree his endorsement Romney Cruz may sway GOP voters in the Tuesday caucuses . The Texas Romney expected to have a leg up on the other Republican contenders because of his emphasis on religious Romney and backing from Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee . Kasich ’s Friday town hall was one of four events he has planned in the Kasich’s over two days as part of his attempt to win over Kasich’s ’s GOP voters next Utah . Bernie Sanders and GOP contenders Donald Trump and GOP Cruz were all scheduled to make campaign appearances in the Beehive State on Friday and Saturday . Fueled by a strong turnout of young supporters , thousands attended Sanders’ rally and speech Friday afternoon in Salt Lake City . The Democratic presidential candidate reiterated the cornerstone issues of his campaign , including promises The Democratic presidential candidate address a " rigged economy " and broken criminal justice system . Many of his supporters wore    with The Democratic presidential candidate campaign slogan , " Feel the Bern . " Sanders will square off with Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton in Utah ’s caucus on Tuesday . Clinton has a lead of Hillary Clinton than 300 pledged delegates . _ _ _ , Associated Press writers Brady McCombs and Hallie Golden contributed to this report in Salt Lake City . Copyright © The Associated Press . All Associated Press This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . 
 