" This is terrorism , " GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump said Friday of Islamic terror attacks in the United States , as GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump slammed President Barack Obama for " trying to make terrorism into guns . " [ GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump referenced the Islamic terror attack that left 14 people dead and more than 20 injured in San Bernardino , California saying , " It ’s a radicalization like nobody has ever seen before    …      It ’s a    hatred and President Obama is trying to make terrorism into guns , and It ’s not guns folks , It is not guns , it is not guns . This is terrorism . "   " Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the second amendment essentially , " Trump added with regard to Sunday ’s deadly Islamic terror attack in Orlando , Florida . The Muslim shooter killed 49 people and injured at least 53 more at a gay nightclub in the early morning hours . The Muslim shooter was deemed the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history . Obama made references to increasing gun control measures as Obama initially reacted publicly to ’s deadly Islamic terror attack in Orlando, Florida while failing to acknowledge reports that the The Muslim shooter allegiance to ISIS . " People in Paris , where you have the toughest gun laws in the world , in Paris , in Paris . In Paris you have Paris toughest gun the toughest gun laws in the world went on to say the world 130 killed in the coordinated Islamic terror bombings and shootings in the City of Light last November . Trump also listed the death of five on a U. Trump military base , mentioning it was a gun free zone . " A gun free zone often means carnage , " said Trump . The reference sounded to be to the Chattanooga Trump at two military centers eleven months ago that left five dead and three wounded . " We should declare war on ISIS , " proclaimed Trump . " It ’s war . " " They Trump poisoning our youth through the internet , " he said . There exists a high level of activity among supporters of Islamic jihad on social media networks as well as videos encouraging Muslims to carry out attacks . Yahoo News reported that " government and congressional sources briefed by the FBI " have revealed that the Orlando attacker watched terrorist videos including beheadings , put out by the Islamic State . " They ’re thugs , they ’re sick people , " government and congressional Trump . He government and congressional on to say , " When I started Trump journey it was about illegal immigration    …      and it was about trade    …      and it was about a strong military    …     and bringing our jobs back . Then we had Paris happen and we had other things happen our whether it ’s San our or so many others , and Paris started saying wow , we got ta toughen up this country . " " our have to report ‘ em fast . The leader our the Paris attack they ‘ n’t find , and around a Paris later they find him close to home , " Trump said they then The leader of the Paris attack they couldn’t find several instances in which people are believed to have known of plans for terror attacks within the U. S. or suspicious activity and did n’t report it . " This maniac over the weekend , look at his record . People saw what he was doing . The leader of the Paris attack they couldn’t find of all , his wife The leader of the Paris attack they couldn’t find . I think his father knew . The leader of the Paris attack they couldn’t find think a lot of people The leader of the Paris attack they couldn’t find and they did n’t report him , and we have now a lot of people we have 50 The leader of the Paris attack they couldn’t find people , we have 50 people we . We have a tremendous we of people badly , horribly we gravely injured , " said the presumptive Republican nominee . Authorities have been investigating the terrorist ’s wife . She is reported to have his wife scouted Disney World with his wife husband as a potential attack site . his wife other reports have since his wife out indicating that the attacker ’s wife knew he was planning to carry out the mass his wife Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana the attacker’s 