Tonight , November 11th , MILO accepted the Annie Taylor Award For Bravery presented to MILO at the David Horowitz Restoration Weekend in Palm Beach , FL . [   Other guests of the night included BREXIT champion Nigel Farage , Dinesh D’Souza , creator of Hillary ’s America , Peter Schweizer , creator of Clinton Cash , and more . MILO began MILO acceptance speech discussing MILO recent travels to New York City , where MILO attended Donald Trump . " Hillary Clinton ’s supporters could n’t imagine a world in which she ’d lose to Donald Trump Hillary Clinton’s Look at it from their perspective   —    although their candidate is obviously ill , their out of touch with the real world , an insane old megalomaniac , and surrounded by a staff curiously obsessed with cheese pizza , they thought they had this wrapped their . their He continued on , explaining just how the fate of the election came about , and how nobody expected it one bit . " The courage of Trump and his voters handed Hillary Clinton the Trump electoral defeat of a Democrat in 28 years . 28 years ! Some of you were the age of my typical college audiences the last time this happened ! No one in the media predicted it , vanishingly few on the this side predicted it , and we know a this of cowardly conservatives did n’t even want Trump to win . " MILO carried on , arguing that courage and agency is key in the political world . " Courage is an excellent thing to honor . What does it say about conservatives that we give so few awards to honor it ? As some of you it know , it is legally required by the United Kingdom that I quote Churchill , who pointed out " Courage is required first , for any of the other virtues to operate " . Conservatives must understand that courage is DOING THINGS . It is not writing essays that will only be read by other conservatives over the age of 50 . It is not , to bastardize Teddy Roosevelt ’s famous line , talking loudly while not carrying a stick at all . " He mentions his grotto , " laughter and He , " and why it ’s absolutely necessary in a culture war . The two together are " infectious , " incapable of not garnering worldwide attention and winning the hearts and minds of young people . " I am sincerely proud to accept this courage award because the past winners never forgot how to laugh and how to battle . " MILO closes out with a strong finish , invigorating his allies and onlookers . " MILO let us fight , but let our motto be Risus et bellum us Laughter and war . Because nothing stings our foes , foreign and domestic us more than our hearty laughter at their lies us nonsense . And also because nothing will better remind us what we ’re fighting for us the us of Chesterton , of Rabelais , of Chaucer and Shakespeare , and of the God who inspired them all . A toast :   To courage ! " concluded MILO . 
 