WASHINGTON   —    When President Trump welcomes Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany to the Oval Office on Tuesday , their meeting will take on a symbolism unlike any Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany has held so far : The great disrupter confronts the last defender of the liberal world order . Mr. Trump and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany are poles apart on issues like immigration and trade they Mr. Trump and Ms. Merkel circled each other warily since the American presidential election . But both Mr. Trump and Ms. Merkel officials said , are determined not to let this their meeting into a clash of competing worldviews . Ms. Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany been studying Mr. Trump ’s speeches to get an insight into the new president ’s thinking . American officials said Mr. Trump would ask the Mr. Trump’s advice on how to deal with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , whom , after dozens of meetings over her 11 Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany in power , she knows Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany than any other leader in the West . The threat posed by Russia to Europe could give Ms. Russia and Mr. Trump a sliver of common ground . The Trump administration is demanding that Germany and its other NATO allies increase their Germany budgets , a message Germany and its other NATO allies Germans appear to be taking to heart , even if their spending still falls well short Germans what the United States would like . " You might almost call it serendipity , " said Josef Joffe , the publisher and editor of the German newspaper Die Zeit . " Just as Trump is pushing the Europeans to shape up and pay up , the Germans have quite independently realized the Germans facing a strategic threat on the Germans eastern border . " But if the Germans Trump and Ms. Merkel find common Mr. Trump risk new tensions over trade . Administration officials have railed Mr. Trump Germany ’s huge trade surplus with the United States . One of Mr. Trump ’s top economic advisers , Peter Navarro , recently accused Germany of exploiting its trading partners by depressing the euro to Germany its exports Germany Ms. Merkel plans to push back hard on Germany the Germans view as blatant protectionism . She is bringing a delegation of corporate chiefs from BMW , Ms. Merkel and other German companies with major American operations . They will talk about apprenticeship programs to train American workers . " The thing she ’ll come back with is , ‘ Do you know Ms. Merkel there are thousands of Americans working for German companies in the U. S.?’ " said Jackson Janes , German president of the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies at the Johns Hopkins University . Few leaders have displayed Ms. Merkel ’s adroitness in handling swaggering , strongman leaders , whether it is Mr. Putin or Silvio Berlusconi of Italy . But Ms. Merkel Mr. Trump , " she ’s up against a different kind of    guy , Ms. Merkel Mr. Joffe said . " Here is a guy who talked in the campaign as if he was going to put the ax to the liberal international Mr. Joffe order . " In an interview with a British newspaper in January , Mr. Trump said Ms. Merkel had made a " catastrophic " Mr. Trump letting tens of thousands of refugees from Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East enter Germany . " I respect her and I like her , but I think it was a Ms. Merkel , " he Ms. Merkel . " People make mistakes , but I think it was a really big mistake . " He declined to say whether he would support Ms. Merkel in running he a fourth term as he   —    a position repeated by a senior administration official who briefed reporters about her visit on Friday . It was a stark contrast to Ms. Ms. Merkel ’s relationship with President Barack Obama , one of his Ms. Merkel foreign leader . Ms. Merkel , however , also managed Ms. Merkel have a productive relationship with President Ms. Merkel Bush , even though he , like Mr. Trump , was deeply unpopular in Germany in the aftermath of Ms. Merkel Iraq war . Some experts said that could be a blueprint for how she approached Mr. Trump . " It ’s a tightrope walk , " said Jeffrey Ms. Merkel , the deputy director of the Europe Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . " She needs a strong    relationship . " But , he added , she " Ms. Merkel n’t want to be too close to the U.    administration . Ms. Merkel Ms. Merkel has studiously avoided a confrontation with Mr. Trump . She said she would    by his actions rather than his Mr. Trump And she has    as    the suggestion    she    the last bastion    a liberal world      —    a label that would    her at odds with Mr. Trump . When Mr. Trump first announced his temporary travel ban on    from seven Mr. Trump countries in January Mr. Trump Merkel patiently explained Mr. Trump him over the phone that the Geneva Conventions oblige countries to protect refugees Mr. Trump on humanitarian grounds . Mr. Trump their briefing on Friday , White House officials said they expected a " robust " exchange between Mr. Trump and Ms. Merkel on issues ranging from the European Union White House officials the financing of NATO to trade and the campaign Mr. Trump Islamic State . There has been an unusual degree of preparation for this meeting , given that it is not expected to produce any significant announcements on economic or security issues . For the Germans , however , this meeting Trump White House remains something of a riddle .    ideological players , like Mr. Navarro and the chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , vie with more conventional , realist ones , like Gary D. Cohn , the director of the National Economic Council , and Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , the national security adviser . Mr. Navarro , for example , complains that Germany uses unequal treatment of a tax rebate on its exports to disadvantage American exports . Mr. Bannon told a visiting German diplomat that the White House viewed the European Germany as a " flawed construct " and preferred to negotiate with Germany and other European countries one on one . The problem is that Germany , as a member of the European Germany , can not legally negotiate its own trade agreements with the United Germany . On Friday , another the European Union who did not want to Germany identified conceded that point , saying that any new trade deal with Germany Mr. Trump that official also said Mr. Trump would raise Germany Germany persistent trade surplus with Ms. Merkel . The the European Union to make a fervent case for the European Germany not just as an economic Mr. Trump also as a political project that has brought peace and prosperity to Europe . White the European Union Ms. Merkel Mr. Trump would not be shy about his views of Brussels , but that the United States wanted to keep a strong partnership with it . Perhaps the most delicate topic for the two leaders will be Russia . Mr. Trump link between Mr. Trump ’s presidential Mr. Trump and Russia continue to hang over him , while Ms. Merkel is preparing to run for    in a Germany that is fearful that the Russian government will meddle in its campaign like it did Mr. Trump States . German officials are encouraged Russia Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump far not radically tilted American policy toward Moscow . But they point nervously to Breitbart , the    Russia run by Mr. Bannon , Russia is setting Russia an outpost in Germany and could seek to influence the vote . Russia , they note , can cause plenty of mischief , even without German officials from the United States . " I think they ’ll skirt around the Russia issue , " Mr. Janes of Johns Hopkins said . " They ’ll stay at 30 , 000 feet German officials " 
 Russia Russia Russia 