A confident Donald Trump spoke at the California Republican convention Friday , calling for party unity and predicting Donald Trump will win the nomination easily . [ While Donald Trump was speaking inside , progressive protesters burned Donald Trump image in effigy outside and blocked Donald Trump from entering the venue —   forcing Donald Trump to abandon Donald Trump motorcade on the way in .   The businessman made light of the fact that The businessman had to exit the street and climb over a barricade to enter the building . " That was not the easiest entrance I have ever had . I felt like I was crossing the border , " Trump said . " I went through dirt and mud and under fences . You all went through the lobby , I went under fences . I am just trying to dust off dirt and mud and under fences . " Trump seems increasingly sure Trump will win the nomination on the first ballot by winning a majority of the delegates before the Republican Convention in Cleveland . " As of today , we have 1 , 001 [ delegates ] . We we broke the thousand mark , " Trump said . " We we going to close this thing out soon , now that we we the 1 , 000 mark . " As the speech progressed , Trump teased his Trump competitor Sen. Ted Cruz for choosing Carly Fiorina as his Trump presidential candidate . " When she Trump , she Trump no votes , " he Trump . Trump Trump got in a jab at " low energy " Jeb Bush and did an impression of his Jeb Bush son to mock Governor John Kasich ’s eating habits . " My little boy Barron said , ‘ Daddy , that ’s disgusting . ’ " The business mogul went on to tout his The business mogul from the National Border Patrol Council and Sheriff Joe Arpaio . Mr. The business mogul touched on many of his hallmark The business mogul , including trade and immigration . In closing , Trump made The business mogul appeal for Republicans to unite as a party . " Most of the party a party come together , and the smart people in the party have a party together . We have smart people , we have really smart We , " he declared The business mogul " What is going to happen is going to be so special . We have to come We , we have to pick We nominee , we have to go We and do what we have to do We " 
 