Comedian and outspoken Hilary Clinton supporter Amy Schumer encouraged Amy Schumer 5 million Instagram followers to join Amy Schumer in a march to send a message to    Donald Trump . [ The post Schumer shared on Tuesday included a photo with the words " Women ’s March on Washington . "   " January 21 I ’ll be there , " the Trainwreck star wrote . " Who ’s coming with me ? Thanks for posting @bust_magazine and @amberrosetamblyn . "   January 21 I ’ll be there . Who ’s coming with me me Thanks for posting @bust_magazine and @amberrosetamblyn , A photo posted by @amyschumer on Dec 13 , 2016 at 4:48pm PST ,   The Women ’s March on Washington is scheduled for the day after Trump ’s inauguration . Without mentioning Trump Trump name , the group wants the event to " send a bold message to our the group administration on their our new administration day in office , and to the world that women ’s rights are human rights . " " The rhetoric of the past election cycle has insulted , demonized , and threatened many of us   —    immigrants of all statuses , Muslims and those of diverse religious faiths , people who identify as LGBTQIA , Native people , Black and Brown people , people with disabilities , survivors of sexual assault   —    and our communities are hurting and scared , " the group says . Although the Women ’s March on Washington " is an evolving effort originally founded by white women , " men and women of color are encouraged to attend . According to the National Park Service , the marchers will not have access to the Lincoln Memorial due to the fact that Trump ’s Presidential Inauguration Committee already submitted its Trump’s Presidential Inauguration Committee to use the historic site . In planning to attend a march in protest of Trump Trump’s administration , Schumer has come a long way since she first Schumer to leave the country if the Republican defeated her preferred Schumer , Democrat Hillary Clinton . Schumer later Schumer that her promise Schumer leave the country the country joke .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 