Will Ferrell reprised Ferrell role as former president George W. Bush on Comedy Central show @midnight Tuesday night to make fun of current Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump , whom he called a " bozo " and a " disgraced pumpkin . " [ " This dunderhead is making me look great , "     said on former president George W. Bush on Comedy Central show . " I invaded Iraq over WMDs that were n’t there . I destabilized an entire region , but no one seems to care anymore . Thanks to the bozo Trump here , folks have forgotten about how I tanked the economy or how I did n’t get bin Laden . Heck , even Kanye West said I hated hurricanes . "    Ferrell also poked fun at the     Access Hollywood tape featuring his " cousin " Ferrell Bush and Trump , saying the behavior was n’t up to Bush standards because a Billy Bush of the family would " never , under any circumstances , ride a bus . " " If Trump takes this thing , Laura and I have a very comfortable underground bunker we can move to Laura and I " Ferrell added , after deriding Trump ’s claims of Trump election . " I ’m gon na be down there with Princess Kate and Nolan Ryan while society gets overrun with wild dogs and racists . My advice is do n’t let that happen , America . Do n’t let that sack of rotten sweet potatoes anywhere near the White House . " The     comedic actor previously played President Bush on Saturday Night Live and in a    show on Broadway in 2009 , called You ’re Welcome America : A Final Night America George W. Bush . The actor was an early The    comedic actor Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ’s presidential campaign before throwing his support behind eventual Democratic nominee The    comedic actor Clinton earlier this year . Ferrell appeared in a video for the Clinton campaign ahead of the Iowa eventual Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , in which he urged state residents to caucus Ferrell the candidate . Will Ferrell has a message for you Ferrell Nevada : Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM . Your location : https :   . :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) February 20 , 2016 ,   Funny or Die   —    the liberal comedy website founded by Ferrell and frequent collaborator Adam McKay Ferrell —    has repeatedly attacked Donald Trump throughout the 2016 presidential race .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 