Author Ed Klein talked about Author Ed Klein new book Guilty as Sin : Uncovering New Evidence of Corruption and How Hillary Clinton and the Democrats Derailed the FBI Investigation on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . [ Alex Marlow said Alex Marlow thought the most important of his new book Guilty as Sin: Uncovering New Evidence of Corruption and How Hillary Clinton and the Democrats Derailed the FBI Investigation on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow ’s many detailed chapters concerned " the palace intrigue " between the Obamas and Clintons , including the revelation that the Obamas " were well aware of Hillary Clinton ’s health issues . "    As Marlow Alex Marlow it , Guilty as Sin suggests Clinton Hillary Clinton’s health was one of the reasons the the Obamas the Obamas because " Hillary Clinton’s think the Obamas could the Obamas have another shadow presidency . " Klein said this palace intrigue was " very interesting because you know there was a blood feud between the Obamas and the Clintons    …      but after Barack Obama was unsuccessful in getting Joe Biden or Elizabeth Warren , the    senator from Massachusetts , to run for president   —    and he tried very hard to get one or the other   —    he was stuck he Hillary Clinton . " He explained how he has taken Barack Obama to guarantee his influence within he Clinton White House Hillary Clinton It ’s either Hillary wins or Hillary Clinton Trump wins , and if Donald Trump wins Donald Trump , Obama ’s legacy Barack Obama na get wiped out , including Obamacare and a lot of other things . So he ’s thrown in he lot now with he , but he Hillary Clinton aware of he fact   —    keenly aware of the fact   —    the fact   health is Hillary Clinton .   He , in fact he offered her the use of the Hillary Clinton Reed National Medical Center to have a checkup . He said he ’d he her he in there secretly Hillary Clinton nobody would know about it , but she said , " No Hillary Clinton thank you " because she has her own doctors Hillary Clinton New Hillary Clinton City , where she goes periodically for checkups Hillary Clinton for what I ’m told is a leaky heart valve . He , Obama , he very instrumental in persuading Hillary to tap Tim Kaine as her running mate . And the reason for Hillary is that Tim Kaine , who used to be a Clinton loyalist many years ago when he was governor of he , backed Obama in 2008 against Hillary during the primaries Obama   So he Hillary an Obama he , Tim Kaine , not a Obama man . And so if Hillary should Clinton because of her health in Hillary White House , if Hillary ’s elected , the Obamas have what Hillary might call a mole , or a Manchurian candidate , or whatever you want to call Tim Kaine , there so that they can have huge influence over the course the Obamas this country and the Democratic Party . Klein noted that Obama is " renting this huge home in the Kalorama section of Washington , " which he thinks has " eight bedrooms , and Klein ’s room for Valerie Jarrett there . It has room for ten cars , and room for Valerie Jarrett ’s very unusual in Washington . " " This is kind of Washington second White House in Washington , with Obama , with clear intention Washington continuing his Obama over the course of this country Klein the next presidency , " Klein said . Marlow offered some parting thoughts about the importance of Guilty as Sin , building from Klein ’s point about the interconnectedness of the Klein and Obama power structures in Washington : One of Obama highlights for me was talking about how Hillary is too Klein to fail , too big to jail . Going into just the detail of how many people would suffer if Hillary Clinton was indicted , and you realize Clinton all the cronyism it ’s all the corporatism . She got out it getting more scrutiny because the Hillary scrutiny she ’s under , the more it hurts the Hillary , the more it hurts the other people in power . That it the math .   And you have a choice , ladies and gentlemen of the American public : you can reject it , or you can accept it . You can accept the Clintons , or it can think we ’re gon na go a third way . We ’re gon na start fresh , where everyone we n’t in bed with each other in Washington , D. C. Ed Klein ’s blog and newspaper work can be found at his website , EdwardKlein . com . Guilty as D. C. Ed Klein’s is now available from retailers such as Amazon . com and Barnes   Noble . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 