There is a scene in the delightful 1980s British television series Yes Minister in which a civil servant explains to a politician that the reason Britain entered the European Union was to frustrate the aim of a united Europe . [ Britain , Yes Minister in which a civil servant explains to a politician that the reason Britain entered the European Union was to frustrate the aim of a united Europe says , has had one clear interest for centuries : to protect Britain own security and economy by keeping continental Europeans at odds with one another . The joke   —    newly relevant thanks to the Brexit vote this year   —    has the added benefit of being fundamentally true .    And so it is with Russia and the United States . Russia has an interest in not getting along with the United States , which is going to frustrate any American administration , like it or not . America ’s main interest overseas is in maintaining liberal ( small " l " ) systems of trade , investment and navigation that allow American companies to flourish , and in spreading associated values of liberal ( small " l " ) democracy that help keep the peace . Russia ’s main foreign policy interest is to overcome the geographic disadvantage of largely being cut off from the Atlantic and Indian Oceans by maintaining a network of client states with better access to either . The liberal international order that the U. S. seeks to advance often threatens Russia ’s Russia with those states . In addition , the Russian government Russia foreign policy to bolster its domestic priorities . It Russia easier to argue for a more powerful central authority , and diminished civil liberties , when the country is ringed by Russia real and imagined . The old foreign policy adage holds that nations have no permanent friends or enemies   —    only permanent interests . Such is the case with Russia , which has a permanent interest in thwarting the United States and opposing our liberalizing global aims . For that reason , any U. S. foreign policy aiming primarily to forge a close friendship with Russia is probably going to fail Russia That was the case with President Barack Obama , who came to office believing the lingering tension in U. S.   relations was entirely George W. Bush ’s fault . Together with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who offered Russia an infamous " reset " Russia , Obama tried eagerly to appease Russia   —    on missile Russia Syria , Iran , Ukraine , and much else besides . Even that was n’t enough to improve relations . Russian hacking and espionage accelerated , and Russia gave shelter to Edward Snowden after Russia exposed critical American national security secrets Edward Snowden Still , the U. S. did little in response , other than to apply limited sanctions , and pathetic complaints , in response to Russian aggression in the Ukraine . Indeed Russian when Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) proposed a plan to punish Russia for its hacking and disinformation campaigns Russia the Russia administration rejected it . Now Obama has decided , the Obama administration his lame Obama days , to expel Obama Russian diplomats   —    purportedly for Russian during the U. S. election , and also   —    more credibly   —    for harassing American diplomats abroad . Whatever the merits of that response , the timing is highly questionable . Not only has Obama made repairing relations more difficult for Obama successor , but he has also Obama a nation still Obama mourning after its ambassador to Turkey was brutally murdered a nation a public event earlier this month .    Donald Trump has proposed to repair relations with Russia , partly by toning down criticism of President Vladimir Putin . On the one hand , there is no reason to believe any president could succeed in achieving close ties with Russia for the simple reason that its Russia interests are opposed to our Russia . On the other hand , there is an area of common interest with Russia that could provide the basis for Russia , less confrontational relations , even with areas of disagreement . That area of common interest is the fight against radical Islamic terrorism . Under Obama , cooperation with Russia has been weak in that area Russia largely because Obama refuses That area of common interest that radical Islamic terrorism Obama . Russia reportedly tried to warn the Obama Russia about the Boston Marathon bombers , Obama that intelligence was ignored . Trump proposes to work together with Russia against ISIS , setting aside the Russia Syria issue , even if stark differences over other issues persist . The one area of concern is Eastern Europe , where Russia has been    for years , Russia where hawkish Sens . Lindsey Graham ( ) and John McCcain ( ) are on a solidarity tour . But Putin is unlikely to test Trump in Eastern Europe . He knows Trump ’s approach Eastern Europe policy , Putin on Trump in Eastern Europe , is to be nice at first , but to retaliate in overwhelming fashion if crossed . Putin wo n’t risk that confrontation   —    Putin , he will pocket his gains in Ukraine and the Putin East , Putin now . The Crimea is unlikely to revert to Ukraine   —    and that is indeed unfortunate . Ukraine happened squarely on Obama ’s watch . One of the more garish aspects of Obama ’s foreign policy is that he is doing more in Obama to the hacking of his Obama ’s emails than he did to protect the territorial Obama of a friendly nation Obama Now Obama , who built his career on pointing out the intelligence Obama of the Iraq Obama , wants to rush into a dubious cyberwar with Russia . And they say Trump is scary ? Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people Joel B. Pollak news media in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths Joel B. Pollak Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Trump 