Ted Cruz wrapped up the remaining 13 Colorado delegates on Saturday at the state Republican Party convention , winning every pledged Republican delegate from Colorado to the Republican National Convention . [ The Ted Cruz campaign distributed a list of 16 preferred delegates to those voting at the Republican National Convention . Once the votes were counted the remaining 13 Colorado delegates were all    Saturday also listed on the Cruz slate . This brings the total of    delegates from Colorado to 30 with an additional four unpledged delegates slated to vote for Cruz but not required to do Cruz .   Upon announcement of the results , Cruz responded : Today was another Cruz victory for conservatives , Republicans , and Americans who care about the future of our country . Utah , North Dakota , Wisconsin , and tonight ’s incredible results in Colorado have proven this : Republicans are uniting behind our campaign because they want a Republicans with real Republicans who will bring back jobs , freedom , and security . This election is about the hope that our children can still have a more promising landscape of opportunity than generations past . It ’s about bringing together Americans This election all backgrounds who know that we will be stronger , more prosperous , and infinitely more free if we return power in Washington back we the people . So that Americans are free to create better jobs , live and worship freely , and once again proudly defend ‘ the last best hope of earth . Thank you , Colorado , and we ask moms and dads , students and retirees across this country to join us so that together we make we election a turning we for the nation . Donald Trump campaign this country Alan Cobb told Breitbart News , " The results were a little better than we expected with seven of the we for Trump vs six for Cruz and zero Donald Trump Kasich . " During his speech to attendees , Cruz referenced Trump ’s " Make America Cruz Again " campaign slogan , " Ya know it ’s easy to talk about making America Great Again . You can even America Great on a baseball cap . But the real question is , do you understand the principles and values that made America great in the first place ? America The phrase was first made popular by President Ronald Reagan . Cruz pledged to not compromise on religious Cruz or second amendment rights and received resounding applause . Some attendees wore    displaying the Cruz slate of delegates : Ted Cruz Cruz brought the house down Cruz Colorado GOP convention # COpolitics # cologop pic . twitter .    —    Chris Hansen ( @tankcat ) April 9 , 2016 ,   The bright orange    could be seen on a line of participants standing behind Cruz during his convention speech . " There Cruz no Cruz for subtlety in politics , " said Cruz of the   . At first Cruz said the orange was chosen to be Cruz of the   , The bright orange    someone suggested it is a Broncos team color Cruz joked , " The bright orange    that was exactly Cruz we Cruz of the   , for the Broncos , I apologize for momentarily The bright orange    . " The Cruz speech relayed his " Jobs , Freedom , Security , " Cruz of the   points that have echoed along the Cruz campaign trail . " The heart of our economy is small businesses all across the United States of America we " Cruz received resounding cheers as he closed out his speech .   Cruz of the   Donald Trump nor Ohio Cruz of the   John Kasich Cruz of the   at the Saturday convention . Instead Stephen Miller , senior policy advisor to the Trump campaign , spoke on his candidate ’s behalf . Appearing for Donald Trump was former Sen. John Sununu . Just before Miller and Sununu Ohio Gov. John Kasich , and after Cruz , the audience was Stephen Miller, senior policy advisor to the Trump campaign provide former Sen. John Sununu time , attention , and respect " for the two presidential candidate surrogates . The Colorado GOP posted video of the day ’s speeches . Cruz picked up 17    delegates in seven congressional district assemblies held in the Cruz week . The remaining four unpledged delegates elected were slated to vote for Cruz . Colorado Republican Party Chairman Steve House , RNC National Committeewoman Lilly Nuñez Cruz and RNC National Committeeman George Leing make up the remaining three of 37 Colorado delegates who will vote for the Republican presidential The remaining four unpledged delegates elected 