Perhaps the timing was coincidence , but probably not . [ Late Wednesday , Newsweek dropped a    article alleging Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s company through the services of Seven Arrows Investment and Development Corp. a consulting firm , attempted in 1998 to line up business on the Caribbean communist island of Cuba , which at the time would have been illegal .   Part of Seven Arrows’ effort included a trip to Cuba and according to Newsweek , Trump ’s company attempted to hide $ 68 , 000 paid to the consulting firm for Trump’s company efforts to make it appear a trip to Cuba was linked to a charity . The story by Newsweek ’s Kurt Newsweek a day after Trump visited South Florida Trump’s courted the    vote , first at an event in the Little Havana community in Miami and then later that evening in Melbourne , FL . " I will be a voice for freedom that includes freedom for people in Cuba . Cuba is not   Cuba    it ’s not right what ’s going on . It ’s not right it " Trump said at the rally . " This afternoon I spent a lot of time in Little Havana , an amazing place , " he added . " Trump Obama made a    deal with the Castros for nothing in return . Did you ever see this guy make a Trump for this country ? " The Newsweek piece garnered a lot of mainstream media television coverage , receiving airtime on MSNBC , CNN , ABC ’s " Good Morning America " and    outlet Univision .   Some dispute the veracity of the suggestion of impropriety in Eichenwald ’s piece . According to a post on Capitol Hill Cubans , a blog edited by Mauricio    the executive director of Cuba Democracy Advocates , there is no evidence Trump directly transacted business with the Cuban government . " However , Trump never transacted business with Trump Castro regime , as the Newsweek article claims . To the contrary , Trump concluded that those who Trump to do business with the Castro regime were mistaken the Castro regime Hill Cubans pointed to a 1999 Miami Herald    by Trump where he said human Trump take priority over huge profits . Eichenwald acknowledges neither Trump nor any of the parties directly involved are likely to face prosecution because the statute of limitations ran out long ago . Instead , Eichenwald ponders how the    voting bloc Eichenwald react to this news . " What would happen if Trump ’s    supporters ever found out ? " Eichenwald writes at the end of his Eichenwald . Others have speculated on Eichenwald this could mean for Trump in Florida as well . " Trump just as the Republican presidential candidate began making a big push to curry the support of    who live in    Florida ’s    county with the most Republicans , Florida , 000 . About 72 percent of them are Hispanic , nearly all " Marc Caputo wrote in Thursday ’s edition of Politico Florida ’s Playbook . Winning Florida ’s 29   Florida vital for both Florida and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s path to the White House . As it currently stands , both Trump and Clinton are in a    for the Sunshine State Trump and Democratic to Hillary Clinton polls . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 