The leaders of Democracy Spring , a coalition of    groups plotting a mass civil disobedience movement to begin next month , told Breitbart News The leaders of Democracy Spring, a coalition of   groups plotting a mass civil disobedience movement to begin next month have already confirmed 2 , 912 protesters who pledged specifically to risk arrest . [ 912 protesters who pledged specifically to risk arrest signed an option on the coalition ’s website explicitly stating , " I pledge to be one among thousands who will risk arrest to save democracy in DC between April 11   —    16 . "   Other pledge options for protests include : Kai Newkirk , Democracy Spring ’s campaign director , explained that his Kai Newkirk called each of the 2 , 912 protesters pledging to risk arrest and spent about twenty minutes on the phone expounding on the movement ’s goals as well as helping to coordinate travel and logistics . " People are coming from Montana , Seattle , and other states around the country , " Newkirk told Breitbart News in a phone interview . " They People driving , taking buses , flying , because there are so many people from across the political spectrum that are just tired of the status quo of a democracy that works for the super rich and not for the everyday American . They People to take this stand to say enough . " Newkirk Newkirk he Newkirk " confident " that " if Congress does n’t respond to our Congress and they People rather send people to jail , then it will be the largest civil disobedience of the century . " " We Congress committed to " he Newkirk . " That is the principle of our Congress . " Newkirk Newkirk were affirmed by Peter James Callahan , communications director for Democracy Spring , who joined Newkirk on the phone for the Breitbart News interview . Next month ’s Democracy Spring chaos is set to begin with a meetup on April 2 at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia . The group then plans to march across the East Coast and initiate a    in Washington , DC , starting April 11 . Updates to the group The group April 11 as the April 11 escalation . The updated logistics page now states : " We want to make The group biggest impact on day one : Monday , April 11th . With massive participation on April 11th , we ’ll April 11th momentum and energy to break through as a national media story and mobilize the support to carry us through the 16th and beyond we " Newkirk confirmed that the plan is to start with a big splash on April 11 . ‘ Largest April 11 action of the century’ Last week , this reporter penned a    article documenting Newkirk little fanfare and almost no news media attention , some of the same radical groups involved in shutting down Donald Trump ’s Chicago rally earlier this month are plotting a mass civil disobedience movement under the banner of Democracy Spring . They intend to march across the East Coast some of the same radical groups involved in shutting down Donald Trump’s Chicago rally earlier this month order to spark a " fire that transforms the political climate in America . " Democracy Spring   is threatening " drama in Democracy Spring the " largest civil disobedience action of the century , " replete with the arrest of thousands of their own activists . " We will demand that Congress listen to the People and take immediate action to save our democracy . And we wo n’t leave until they do   —    We until they send thousands of us to jail , " the they Spring website declares We channelling rhetoric from the Occupy movement . The group is backed by numerous organizations , including the the Democracy Spring website groups MoveOn . org , the Institute for Policy Studies , and Demos . The    Sanders MoveOn . org has been playing a prominent the George   groups MoveOn activism , including in the recent shutdown of the billionaire ’s rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion . Another group endorsing Democracy Spring is the Democratic Socialists of America ( DSA ) . The DSA ’s Chicago branch drove protesters to the nixed Chicago Trump event , as this reporter exposed . The    the nation ’s Chicago labor federation , announced in a press release earlier this month it is " all in behind Democracy Spring , " perhaps indicating significant mobilization . What do the radicals claim to want ? Despite the fact that many of the main groups endorsing Democracy Spring are funded by billionaire Soros , the group complains that " American elections are dominated by billionaires and big money interests who can spend unlimited sums of money on political campaigns to protect their special interests at the general expense . " But if the status quo political campaigns unchallenged , the 2016 election   —    already set to be the most    secret    voter    contest in modern American history   —    will likely yield a President and a Congress more bound to the masters of big money than ever before . The stage is set for a bold intervention to turn the tinder of passive public frustration into a fire that transforms the political climate in America , that sparks a popular movement that ca n’t be stopped . The group continues : We will demand that Congress listen to the People and take immediate action to The group our democracy . Congress we wo n’t leave until they do   —    or until they send The group of us to jail , along with the unmistakable message that they country needs a The group Congress , one that that will end the legalized corruption of our democracy and ensure that every American has an equal voice in government . our democracy of the group have already held training sessions , the website says . Democracy Spring states it is requiring " mandatory nonviolent civil disobedience trainings twice a day for those risking Democracy Spring from April   . " For those arrested , the group says it has already secured the legal aid of an unnamed lawyer " the group of experience the group civil disobedience cases . " " He is leading a team of    lawyers who will provide legal counsel and representation for an unnamed lawyer participants who risk arrest as part of this campaign , " the website continues . Democracy Spring is threatening " drama in Washington " that can not be ignored : " With hundreds of patriotic Americans being sent to jail , day after day for at least a week   —    simply for sitting in to save our democracy   —    the drama in Washington will rock the     cycle of this election and catapult this critical issue on to Washington stage . " The group says that it is not plotting violence . The website posts the following rules for those engaging in The group disobedience : We will use no violence , verbal or physical , toward any person . We will maintain an attitude of openness and respect toward all we encounter in our actions We We will not destroy or damage any property . We We carry no We or any We of physical defense , including shields . We We not wear masks or otherwise conceal our faces or identities . We will exercise We and collective responsibility to ensure that all We adhere to this agreement We Despite the involvement of groups active in opposing Trump , Democracy Spring ’s website does not mention Trump by name . In December , Newkirk interrupted Trump at a    GOP debate , Trump, Democracy Spring’s , " The American people deserve free and Trump, Democracy Spring’s elections , not billionaire auctions . " OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) With research by Brenda J. Elliott . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program Aaron Klein " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 