Students from a    north Texas high school are being disciplined after allegedly chanting " build a wall " at students from a    border school . The comments came during a regional playoff volleyball tournament . [ A group of students from Archer City High School , a school that is located about 25 miles south of Wichita Falls , Texas , allegedly chanted " build a wall " while holding    signs . Archer City High School is comprised of about 83 percent white students . The chants were directed at students from Fort Hancock High School , a school located along the    border east of El Paso . That school is Archer City High School be 97 percent Hispanic , the San Antonio    reported .   Students from the    school were Archer City High School they believed were racially motivated chants Students from the   school " build a wall , " a reference to    Donald Trump ’s pledge to secure the U. S.   border . The incident occurred on Friday night during the Class 2A regional match held in the west Texas community of Snyder . Carlos Urias , a Van Horn , Texas , resident , posted a photo ( shown above ) that showed a group students from Archer City High School holding up a    sign and waving the Texas and Gonzales flags . The Texas flag is a Texas historical flag from the state Texas war of independence from Mexico . It is referred to as the The Gonzales flag Come and Take It " flag . Urias stated the chants were directed at the Fort Hancock " Lady Stangs " volleyball team and their supporters . " No doubt in my mind that this sentiment has always existed with groups of people but to display it so openly is so not this sentiment ! " he posted on Facebook . " Urias guess it makes it easier to treat others in it manner being that this sentiment was modeled verbally during this sentiment of the presidential campaign . " Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch learned about the incident from Urias’ Facebook post . " Comments such Facebook are not representative of our school and community , " Knobloch told the San Antonio newspaper . " Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch type of comment is extremely unacceptable and will not be tolerated . " He said he has been in contact with Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch Hancock Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch Superintendent Jose Franco to make sure nothing else like this happens . Knobloch said his students will be disciplined but Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch not Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch details citing privacy issues . The Fort Worth    reported that Knobloch believed the comments were not racially motivated Archer City High School Superintendent CD Knobloch " In my opinion it is stemming from the presidential election , " Knoblock told the Fort Worth newspaper . " If we had n’t had that election last week , this would n’t the presidential election . Our students are not racists . It ’s as simple as that . " He reiterated that the comments were a result of the    the comments the election of Donald Trump . Superintendent Franco seemed more upset that no one appeared to step forward to stop the student ’s behavior . " I guess what bothered me most was no adults , no officials did anything about it while the match was going on , " Franco said . " We come from a very competitive Superintendent Franco where ’s there ’s plenty of trash talk and that ’s just part of the game , having fun with it , but this is the first time it has ever crossed the line . " Franco pointed it the irony of the    rhetoric being Superintendent Franco against his community . " Little did they know that Hudspeth Superintendent Franco where we live went for Trump , " Franco said . they fact , he said , his Superintendent Franco already has a border barrier Trump," Franco but it Trump," Franco two miles in each direction from Fort Hancock his community just stops . " We have a wall’ he told the Fort Worth   . " It looks like Trump," Franco out of Jurassic Park . It goes two miles each way from the port of entry It then it ends in nothing . " Breitbart Texas reported that Hudspeth It is one of six border counties carried by    Trump in the November 8 election . Superintendent Knobloch apologized for the conduct of the students . " We ’re sorry this happened , " he said . " The whole community is torn up about Superintendent Knobloch . " The Archer City " Lady Cats " won The whole community match , three games to zero , and are now participating in the state tournament . On Wednesday night , the Lady Cats defeated Thrall High School in three straight sets and will proceed to the state finals for their second time in three years , TexomasHomepage . com reported the Lady Cats Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Breitbart him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Breitbart Texas 