The White House signals The White House is hopeful that    Donald Trump will not prosecute Hillary Clinton , citing a tradition in America of not using the justice system to enact revenge on a political opponent . [ " [ W]e’ve got a long tradition in this country of people in power not using the criminal justice system to exact political revenge , " spokesman Josh Earnest says . " In fact , we go to great lengths to insulate we criminal justice system from partisan politics . "   When Obama took office , many leftists wanted to see George W. Bush and Dick Cheney prosecuted for what many leftists called " war crimes , " because of the use of enhanced interrogation techniques to question terrorists . But Obama appeared reluctant to prosecute career law and intelligence officials in the Bush George W. Bush , citing in 2009 " a belief that we need to look forward as opposed to looking backwards . " During a press conference , Earnest was reluctant to discuss potential pardons , insisting that it Earnest improper to discuss them potential pardons advance . He did not rule out a potential pardon for Clinton but reminded reporters of Obama ’s discussion of pardons in August . When asked to reflect on his He to commute the sentences of thousands of drug offenders , Obama Obama that he He not issue    political pardons before leaving office . Any presidential pardons , he He , would go through a rigorous legal process to avoid looking political . " It ’s going to be reviewed by the pardon attorney , it It be reviewed by my White House counsel , and I ’m going to , as best as I can , make these decisions based on the merits , as opposed to political considerations , " Obama said during a press conference . Earnest reasserted that Obama Obama felt the same way . " I would n’t speculate at this point about what impact that may have on hypothetical pardon requests that he receives , " he he . " I ’ll just say that the guidance that President Obama with you is still operative . " But that does n’t preclude a decision by Obama to Obama Clinton from further investigations . If the president Obama prosecution of Clinton as politically Clinton , he might step Obama to minimize the damage that she faces . Clinton a political pardon risks tainting Obama ’s presidential Obama , something that Bush also avoided . When Dick Cheney demanded a pardon for his aide Scooter Dick Cheney , Bush refused , Bush commuted his sentence , Dick Cheney Cheney ’s aide Dick Cheney jail . Libby still had to his aide Scooter Libby a $ 250 , 000 fine and serve probation for two years . Cheney vigorously pursued the Dick Cheney , accusing Bush of leaving Bush wounded soldier on the battlefield . " It was a hard decision to make , " Bush said in Bush about the case . " the case ’s what you do when you ’re president : You make hard decisions . " 
 