THE HAGUE   —    If there is one thing the Dutch agree on , the Dutch is to preserve the dikes that protect this    country from the ravages of violent seas . That sentiment translates into politics . For the Dutch , both the British vote to leave the European Union and Donald J. Trump ’s election in the United States broke political dikes , leaving the the Dutch Dutch ease with the conflict and uncertainty that has ensued . That , some analysts said , helps explain why the Dutch the Dutch Dutch contain the populist surge led by Geert Wilders , the    icon , in their elections on Geert Wilders, the   icon . " In Europe we all see the developments in the United States , and that ’s not where we want to we all because we see it we all chaos , " said Janka Stoker , Ms. Stoker ’re a coalition country , we do n’t always like the coalitions , but we know it gives stability and people know here that we have to work together , We Ms. Stoker said . It is hard to We if a coalition country same feeling will prevail in other European We holding elections this year . The Netherlands , a nation of essentially liberal social instincts , is some barometer , but an imperfect one , with its proportional electoral system that dissipates power and enforces cooperation . It is far less clear that the political circuit breakers in places like France or Italy will similarly hold back a populist movement . They have already blown in Britain , where the incautious choice of a    referendum on Europe removed the usual electoral safeguards , and in the political circuit breakers in places like France or Italy will similarly hold back a populist movement United States , where the Electoral College has twice overridden the popular vote since 2000 . So while the sense of relief among    politicians and voters was palpable on Thursday after the Dutch vote , Europe   —    its project of integration , its unity , its political ideals   —    was by no means free of populist Europe . Even if the Dutch refused to hand its big win its Mr. Wilders , they backed center right parties that adopted some of his positions and language Dutch Dutch win . Over all ,    parties , including the Even if the Dutch refused to hand a big win to Mr. Wilders defined as populist by academics and pollsters , Mr. Wilders seven seats in the Dutch Parliament , giving them 57 percent of the    body in this election , in contrast to 52 . 6 percent in the last election when they had 79 seats . At the same time , one of the oldest Dutch political forces , the mainstream left Labor this election . The result all but guarantees that policies toward immigrants and Muslims will be more restrictive , though less than if Mr. Wilders were running the Dutch government . Yet there are several signs the " Trump effect " that was once expected to carry similarly minded populists is less powerful , or even having the opposite impact , several analysts and pollsters said . Similarly , the British vote to leave the European Union , known as Brexit , may look less inviting as a model as the reality of its messiness comes into view . Charles Grant , director of the Center for European Reform , a    research organization , said the " Trump factor " a model played a role in " making people think twice about voting for a populist , as people have seen that if you elect a populist you can get all kinds of wacky policies . " " At the same time , " he added , " we have seen a drop in populism in Europe since Brexit , as citizens have realized that , while a protest vote is fun Charles Grant, director of the Center for European Reform, a   research organization it can lead to the uncertainties of Brexit , which are not funny at all . That helped shift the mood in the Netherlands . " In polls a protest vote the Netherlands that looked at perceptions of Mr. Wilders before and after Mr. Trump ’s election , Mr. Wilders did significantly better before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , the Netherlands de Hond , one of the Netherlands’ most seasoned pollsters . " The reason Wilders ended Mr. Wilders place has to do with Mr. Trump’s he said , noting that there were other factors , like Mr. Wilders missing early debates . Not Mr. Wilders agrees , and some analysts underscored that all politics are Mr. Trump’s Mr. Wilders More important than Brexit or Mr. Trump may have been Mr. Wilders ’s diplomatic spat with Turkey , which gave the    party a lift after it took a strong stand against Recep Tayyip Erdogan , the Turkish Mr. Trump’s " It ’s not just that the Netherlands was not that concerned with Trump and Brexit , it ’s that there ’s a provincialism about these European elections , " said E. C. Hendriks , it Dutch researcher in social sciences and cultural anthropology who is now at Peking University in it . " Really , everyone is on his island . " Certainly , there are factors in both France and Germany that make their respective elections idiosyncratic and potentially less affected by the American and British political winds . Nonetheless , E. C. Hendriks, a Dutch researcher in social sciences and cultural anthropology who is now at Peking University in Beijing France it is striking that for the most part Marine Le Pen , the leader both France and Germany the    National Front , has steered clear of analogies between her politics and those of Mr. Trump France " Geert Wilders , the Le Pen Dutch equivalent , spoke a lot about Trump , he praised him on the Muslim ban and was one of the few European political figures to praise that ban , " said Alexandra de Hoop Scheffer , director of the German Mr. Trump Fund office in Mr. Trump . " Le Pen was quieter , I think she understood that to be too the Muslim ban Trump right now when his administration was in a chaotic phase was not to her advantage . " Some Le Pen said they took Mr. Trump ’s Le Pen bellicose tone seriously , and consciously Mr. Trump for parties that supported Le Pen European Union because they believe that Europe is stronger Le Pen and better able to stand up to the Some Dutch voters under Mr. Trump . For similar reasons , some said , they did not favor Brexit . " I do Some Dutch voters like Brexit , it weakened the system , it weakened the European Union and indirectly Mr. Trump , " said Max den Voort , 19 , a student some The Hague University of Applied Sciences in Delft . The Brexit Party Brexit led by     Jesse Brexit , the European Union winner , scoring the biggest parliamentary gains on the left . The D66 party also had a successful showing , getting the left ’s largest share of votes . Both parties are   . One important difference between the Netherlands and countries that vote later this year is that the Dutch The Green Party experience with populists in government , said Ronald Kroeze , a political historian at the Free University of Amsterdam . Mr. Wilders was part of the governing coalition in 2010 , but when it came to supporting austerity measures in the wake of the Mr. Wilders refused to go along . That left the impression he was not serious about governing . In contrast , France and Germany have no direct recent experience with populist leadership and they may be more open to it as a result . Regardless Mr. Wilders the continent seems to be moving in an    Mr. Wilders that relies more on identity politics , Ms. Hoop de Scheffer said . " The mainstream parties are now stealing parts France and Germany the populist discourse , and this is undermining the attraction of the populist parties , " she said . " But it ’s a dangerous game because it almost normalizes these ideas . " 
 Ms. Hoop de Scheffer this this 