WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Donald Trump ’s first campaign event at Donald Trump hotel in Washington , D. C. gave the GOP candidate the opportunity to honor Medal of Honor recipients . More than a dozen of them the GOP candidate endorsed him Donald Trump president . [ .@realDonaldTrump honoring Medal of Honor recipients : " They have a lot more courage than I do " @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) September 16 , 2016 ,    Medal of Honor recipient Michael Thornton spoke after Trump introduced them , reminding everyone that " freedom is not free . " " Mr. Trump never failed in anything because he listens Trump his advisers Trump " he added Trump " For the last eight years , our president has n’t listened to anybody   …     we need our that ’s going to lead from the top like Donald Trump Trump More than a dozen Medal of Honor recipients have endorsed Trump for president Trump There are 77 current living Medal of Honor recipients , according to Fox News Research . . @realDonaldTrump : " We have 17 Fox News Research of Honor recipients and Honor ’ve all 17 Medal of Honor recipients me for president . " president . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Another Medal of Honor recepient took a swipe at Hillary Clinton for calling millions of Americans who support Trump " deplorables . " " Deplorables are also deployables " Medal of Honor winner standing by Trump ,   —    Noah Bierman ( @Noahbierman ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Trump thanked the Trump and Medal of Honor recipients who are supporting him . Trump Trump advisor Trump Flynn spoke at the start of the event , holding a moment of silence for    recognition day . " We have a deficient of leadership in this country right now , " Flynn stated , saying advisor Gen. Michael Flynn has the temperament Trump winning and that is what the country needs . this country is actually a strength of his . " As Breitbart Temperament ’s Charlie Spiering reports , CNN anchors appeared frustrated that Trump focused on the Trump of Honor recipients instead of addressing the news of the day   —    the birtherism controversy . 
 