TAMPA   —    Wednesday at the Florida State Fairgrounds , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) joined GOP nominee Donald Trump on the campaign trail to tout why GOP nominee Donald Trump was the best presidential choice for Americans . [ During GOP nominee Donald Trump    introduction of GOP nominee Donald Trump , Sessions declared GOP nominee Donald Trump would implement immigration and economic policies that would best suit America ’s national interest .   " Thank you for being part of a movement that ’s going to put America on the right track again , " Sessions said to the Tampa crowd . " You know the American people are right . the American people are right consistently if you just listen to the American people . the American people want a lawful system of immigration that serves the national interest . What ’s wrong with that ? We ’ve had politicians promise for 30 years politicians are going to fix a lawful system of immigration that serves the national interest and have never done it a lawful system of immigration that serves the national interest And Donald Trump will build a wall and fix it a wall " There is another issue and that ’s jobs and wages , " he Donald Trump . " If you bring in more workers than we have jobs for , do n’t we reduce wages and make Americans unemployed ? That ’s one of the things that ’s why wages have declined significantly . Also bad trade deals that close    manufacturing facilities . Does n’t that eliminate good jobs and result in lower wages for the average American out there today ? It absolutely does and Donald Trump understands both of those . He Donald Trump up for you . He Donald Trump up for America against the establishment to advocate for reform in both of those areas . The junior Alabama senator argued Trump Donald Trump opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton lacked the will , the strength , the determination and the knowledge to " change " the America get it back America the proper track . " We need a strong person with clear values who will stand and fight for us and We Donald Trump person in my opinion . Now friends , that ’s kind of how i came to decide early on to support Donald Trump Donald Trump believe what I have seen of him in the Donald Trump few days as we have traveled together and seen cold start moving significantly in his direction . Donald Trump Remarking on the size of the crowds Sessions said he has seen Donald Trump Trump in the Donald Trump few days on campaign stops , Sessions declared " something big " was happening and that the people were " taking their country back . the people " The big crowds that are occurring , like this one are happening all over the country , " their country . Donald Trump Do n’t tell me something is n’t something big is happening . The people are taking the people back . " the people their country on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 