The cover story of Politico Magazine profiles coal workers in Pennsylvania who feel Donald Trump is Politico Magazine profiles coal workers in Pennsylvania who feel Donald Trump best choice out of the presumptive presidential nominees . [ From Politico :   CAMBRIA COUNTY , Pa. —   Donald Trump ’s road to the White House begins here : on a    highway , just east of Pittsburgh , past the roadside taverns ,    gas stations , and parking lots choked with weeds , up into the dark fingers of the Allegheny Mountains , and then down into the valley that was once home to steelworkers , coal miners and    Democrats . Regis Karlheim once counted himself Regis Karlheim that third group . A farmer ’s son , Karlheim Regis Karlheim up doing two things : voting Democratic and growing potatoes . " It was a lot of good years in potatoes , " he Regis Karlheim . " Everybody and their brother grew potatoes in Cambria County . " Today Karlheim Regis Karlheim     58 , and graying around the temples —   spends his Regis Karlheim behind the wheel of a giant coal truck , but the declining coal industry has hit Karlheim Regis Karlheim . He Regis Karlheim making $ 10 , 000 less than he Regis Karlheim just three years ago , he Regis Karlheim , and he Regis Karlheim worried about his Regis Karlheim . " How do you make those payments ? " he Regis Karlheim . This spring , after years of not voting for anyone , in either party , in any presidential election , his Regis Karlheim compelled him Regis Karlheim cast a vote in the Democratic primary . For Bernie Sanders . His Bernie Sanders the socialist from Vermont beat Hillary Clinton in the county —   while Trump won big , claiming more votes than either Democratic candidate . Since then , Clinton has Hillary Clinton up her party Hillary Clinton nomination , but recent polls show that Cambria ’s primary was no fluke : among the crucial battleground states , Pennsylvania is a tossup . Who wins the state ’s precious 20 electoral votes in November will depend , in part , on people like Karlheim . And he has some bad news for the former secretary of state . While there are some things that worry him about he GOP nominee —   " We do n’t know his background the GOP nominee " Karlheim said Karlheim and " He ’s the GOP nominee bit outspoken . " —   he likes the GOP nominee Trump is talking about jobs . " That ’s what we need , " which is why , Karlheim said Karlheim " In the big election    …      I ’m going for Trump . Trump Read the rest of the story here . 
 