   Donald Trump won on November 8 after running a    campaign focused on defending and upholding the Second Amendment . [   Donald Trump spoke often —   and highly —   of concealed carry , guns for    the importance of the Second Amendment , and the importance of an armed citizenry . And   Donald Trump stressed that we must maintain the Second Amendment " the Second Amendment " the Second Amendment " strongest form . " During the October 9 presidential debate , Trump went so far as to say Trump was running to save the Second Amendment from " people like Hillary Clinton . "   Now it is time to deliver . And after he is Trump in on January 20 , 2017 , here are five things Trump can Trump save the Second the Second Amendment . Nominate a    Amendment justice to Supreme Court vacancy —   Antonin Scalia was a bulwark for the Second Amendment . the Second Amendment , 2016 death Antonin Scalia a void that has yet to be filled , but it is a void that Trump 2016 death to fill with someone Trump Scalia . During the aforementioned October 9 presidential debate Trump said , " I am Trump to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia   …      people that will respect the constitution of the United States . And I think that this is so important —   also , the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton . " Fulfilling this promise is key in the fight to save the Second Amendment . 2 . Roll back President Obama ’s Executive Gun Controls —   On January 5 , 2016 , President Obama circumvented Congress and instituted President Obama controls with the swipe of a pen . These controls will have zero effect on new gun controls as they deal with pumping more money into federal new gun controls for smart gun technology , requiring background checks to be performed on a greater number of private sales , and requiring background checks on individuals in family trusts which hold guns . There were other aspects to Obama ’s controls as well , but these are the central points . Whereas Obama other aspects to Obama’s controls these with the swipe of a Obama , Trump needs to get out his pen following the inauguration and reverse these Trump as part of saving the Second Amendment . 3 . National Reciprocity for Concealed Carry —   Throughout the campaign , Trump made clear his conviction that    does not Trump at one Trump driveway . And he also stressed his belief that concealed carry is Trump right , Trump a privilege . He said : The right of    does n’t Trump at the end of your driveway . That ’s why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too . That permit should be valid in all 50 states a concealed carry permit driver ’s license works in every state , so it ’s common sense that a concealed carry permit should A driver’s license in every state . If we can do that for driving   —    which is a privilege , not a right   —    then surely we can do that for concealed carry , which is we right , not a privilege . Besides the obvious benefit of making a concealed license from one state valid in every state , national reciprocity for concealed carry also deals a death blow to myriad gun controls and    regulations in states like California , Illinois , New York , and New Jersey , to name just a few . Congress should pass national reciprocity immediately so Trump can sign it and save the Second Amendment . 4 . Firearm Trump Deregulation —   Firearm suppressors are legal in more than 40 states , yet the process for acquiring one is extremely burdensome . A    buyer has to be fingerprinted , photographed , and background checked . He must pay the federal government $ 200 for a A   buyer stamp associated with the silencer —   the $ 200 is really nothing more than a federal tax —   and he must register his silencer with the Bureau of Alcohol A   buyer Tobacco , A   buyer , and Explosives . This process takes four to six months . I seem the process for acquiring one the Founding Fathers saying something about " shall not be infringed , " and a process that takes months to complete is certainly infringement . There is momentum in Congress to pass legislation to at least streamline this process , if not do away with it altogether . the process for acquiring one Jr. has signaled that his father will sign that legislation if it reaches his desk . Donald Trump Jr. is another part legislation the Second legislation . Donald Trump Jr. . Obliterate Social Security Gun Ban —   An insidious gun ban formulated under President Obama will force unknown thousands of elderly Americans to forfeit the right to keep and bear arms based on how they handle their finances . Breitbart News reported on the presence of this unknown thousands of elderly Americans on unknown thousands of elderly Americans 18 , 2015 , and the the Los Angeles An insidious gun ban formulated under President Obama that the the ban had largely been developed " outside of public view . " An insidious gun ban formulated under President Obama essentially framed under a " mental health " moniker , whereby information on An insidious gun ban formulated under President Obama condition of Social Security recipients is fed into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) so that firearm background checks on elderly persons include a look into their mental status . Here is the catch —   if the elderly person requires help with elderly persons or her finances they can be deemed mentally unfit or mentally defunct and denied a firearm the elderly person as a result his or her finances The report issued by the LA Times estimates that the finances of up to 4 . 2 million Social Security recipients are handled by somebody else . This means their right to keep and bear arms is at risk , should Obama ’s Social Security gun ban remain . On top of all of this , there is even a degree of confusion over the Social Security ban , because of the language the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) used in describing it . The ban should be ended immediately —   as part of saving the Second Amendment the Social Security Administration (SSA)   the Social Security ban language on    matters should be clarified and fleshed out in public , rather than behind closed doors , going forward . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst for Armed American AWR Hawkins Follow him on Twitter Breitbart News . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 