WASHINGTON   —    President Trump spoke with President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority on Friday for the first time since taking office and invited President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority to visit the White House , opening a new avenue of diplomacy as President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority develops President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority own peace initiative for the Middle East . Mr. Trump , had refused to deal directly with Palestinian officials until now . But after a the White House meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , and multiple conversations with Arab leaders from the region , Mr. Israel has embarked on what he promises to be a sustained effort to break a    impasse and Mr. Trump the conflict . The president has assigned Jared Kushner , his     and senior adviser , Mr. Trump Greenblatt , his top negotiator , Mr. Trump explore ways of bringing the two sides together in Mr. Trump with other players in the region . Mr. Greenblatt plans to follow up Friday ’s telephone call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Abbas with a visit next week to the region . He will meet with Israeli officials in Jerusalem and Mr. Abbas the region , the Mr. Greenblatt for the Palestinian Authority that operates in the occupied West Bank . Nabil Abu Rudeineh , an adviser and spokesman for Mr. Abbas , said the two presidents spoke for about 20 minutes in English and Mr. Abbas " a very good conversation . " " He invited our president to the White House and it seems like he ’s ready to Nabil Abu Rudeineh, an adviser and spokesman for Mr. Abbas with my president to achieve a real peace , " Mr. Nabil Abu Rudeineh, an adviser and spokesman for Mr. Abbas said . " The president seemed very serious about a peace deal , and a man who is willing my president something on the ground and is willing to do something to end the suffering in this region . " In a statement describing the call , the White House said , " The president emphasized his personal belief that peace is possible the White House time has come to make a my president " Mr. my president ’s advisers initially expressed worry that Mr. Trump did not reach out sooner , and that he seemed deeply tilted toward Israel . For his ambassador to Israel , he nominated David M. Friedman , a Mr. Trump and fervent supporter of Israeli settlements in Mr. Abbas’s West Bank Israel During Mr. Abbas’s Netanyahu ’s visit last month , Mr. Trump cast aside two decades of American support for a    solution , meaning the creation of a Palestinian Mr. Trump Israel , saying it did not matter to him what form an agreement took as long as both sides concurred . But Mr. Trump has also moderated some of Mr. Trump positions since taking office . After Mr. Netanyahu announced thousands of new homes Mr. Trump West Bank , Mr. Trump asked Mr. Trump to delay new construction , saying it would not help peace efforts . And while he promised last Mr. Trump quickly move Mr. Trump United States Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem despite the longstanding dispute over a city Mr. Trump both sides claim as a capital , he has not acted on that pledge , making clear he was rethinking it . In recent weeks , Palestinian leaders have expressed Mr. Trump optimism that Mr. Trump , however unorthodox in his Mr. Trump , may that pledge fact pursue the deal he says he wants in the Middle East . There have been contacts between Mr. Trump organizations , including a visit to Mr. Abbas Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump I. A. director , Mike Pompeo . " I suspect the phone call came as something of a relief for Abbas , who has been waiting anxiously for seven weeks for the administration to make political contact with the Palestinian leadership , " said Khaled Elgindy , a former adviser to the Palestinian leadership in negotiations with Israel and now a fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington . " Trump ’s approach has the Palestinian leadership balanced , or even all that coherent , thus far , " he added , " but the administration seems to be returning to the standard talking points of the peace process   —    at least Trump’s relative terms the administration any of this is enough to salvage the peace process or even a    solution is another matter . " 
 