Donald Trump is blasting Hillary Clinton ’s record , using Donald Trump economic policy speech at the Detroit Economic Club as a chance to attack . [ It ’s a city where " half of all Detroit residents do not work , " Donald Trump notes , adding Donald Trump wants to jump start the U. S. economy through tax reform , cutting regulation and reforming energy and trade .   " The city of Detroit is where our story begins , " Donald Trump stated , saying The city of Detroit " was absolutely booming " once . " When we abandoned our policy of America first , we started our other countries instead of our own our " Donald Trump declared , adding that now 40 percent of Detroit ’s residents live in poverty and the unemployment rate is more than double the national average . " In short , the city The city of Detroit living breathing example of my opponent ’s failed economic agenda . " " Every policy that has failed this city and so many The city of Detroit a policy supported by Hillary Clinton . She supports the high taxes and Hillary Clinton regulation that forced jobs out of your community , " Trump jabbed , also pointing to Trump ’s immigration and trade policies Hillary Clinton shifted jobs overseas . " She is the candidate of the past Hillary Clinton Ours is the campaign of the future . " Trump , although interrupted by roughly a dozen protesters during his speech , detailed an America first Trump policy , which he says begins with tax reform . Trump Taxes are one of the biggest differences in this race . Hillary Clinton , who has spent her career voting for tax increases , Hillary Clinton another   …     $ 1 . 3 trillion tax increase . " Trump is proposing an across the board Trump tax reduction where " no one will pay so much that it destroys jobs or undermines our ability Trump a nation to compete . " He said he will eliminate the carried Trump deduction Trump special interest loopholes that benefit Wall Street , but hurt the American worker . " Tax simplification will be a major feature of the plan , " he added , saying his plan reduces Trump brackets from seven the plan brackets in order to stream line the process . " We will work with House Republicans using the same brackets they have proposed . " Trump ’s tax House Republicans excludes childcare expenses from taxation and ends the death tax . He also wants to limit taxation on business Trump to 15 percent . The New Yorker touted trade reform to help the U. S. economy by proposing to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and to stop the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade agreement that is currently pending in Congress . He also discussed energy and regulatory reform , Trump he will cut regulations " massively . " Trump I want to jump start America , " he proclaimed , saying it can be done Trump wo n’t be that hard . " In the coming weeks , we will be offering more detail on all of these policies , " the billionaire added . His campaign says there will be more detail Trump repealing and replacing Obamacare in an upcoming speech . " Our opposition , on the other hand , has long ago ran out of ideas . " Trump blasted President Obama for doubling the national debt during his presidency and for having the lowest labor Trump force in four decades , stressing that Clinton offers " more of the same " failed policies . " There will be no change under Hillary Clinton . " 
 Clinton 