Oops . The enthusiastic reaction of Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , was understandable on Friday when the Labor Department reported a gain of 235 , 000 jobs . " Great news for American workers , " he proclaimed on Twitter 22 minutes after the the Labor Department release , " in first report for @POTUS Trump . " Sean Spicer was probably just following President Trump @POTUS Trump . At 8:41 a. m. 11 minutes after the report ’s 8:30 release , Mr. Trump reposted @POTUS Trump message sent by the conservative website Drudge Report that linked to a news report with the comment " GREAT AGAIN : + 235 , 000 . " But those messages on Twitter apparently violate a federal rule barring executive branch employees from publicly commenting on principal economic indicators for at least one hour after the official release time . Announced in the Federal Register on Sept. 25 , 1985 , when Ronald Reagan was president , the rule was adopted a federal rule barring executive branch employees from publicly commenting on principal economic indicators for at least one hour after the official release time preserve the distinction between the    release of data by statistical agencies and their interpretation by policy officials statistical agencies " and to avoid affecting " financial and commodity markets , " according to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , part of the Office of Management and Budget . The rule as published in the Federal Register does not include a penalty for violation . The White House receives the jobs data through the Council of Economic Advisers on Thursday afternoon , before its Friday release . Jason The White House , the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers the Council of Economic Advisers second term Economic Advisers by email on Friday : " The interpretation of our administration ( like Clinton and Bush ) was that this applied to POTUS . There were times they wanted Obama to comment , his flight or whatever was taking President Barack Obama at 9:20 and President Barack Obama would hold off until 9:30 so he could comment they . " Of course the Trump President Barack Obama ’s delight was no surprise . And at a White House briefing on Friday afternoon , Mr. Spicer addressed the issue with   . " Do n’t make me make the podium move , " he told a questioner , alluding to a parody of Mr. Spicer briefing style on " Saturday Night Live . " Mr. Spicer said that while " I understand the rule , Mr. Spicer he felt his post had caused no market disruption because Mr. Spicer news Mr. Spicer already out . " I apologize if we were a little excited , and we ’re so excited to see so many Americans back we work , " he added . 
 Mr. Spicer 