Flynn , is changing his official position on abortion . [ On Sunday , Flynn said abortion was a choice women have to make for themselves the vice president’s   " Abortion , I think for women , these are difficult issues , " Flynn said on ABC News women " I think that ’s a difficult legal decision , and I think that women are Flynn important in that    process . They are the ones that have to make the decision because they are the ones that will decide to bring up that women or not . " However later on Monday , Flynn women himself as a "   Democrat " and said the " law should be changed " on abortion . " Flynn    Flynn is a legal issue that should be decided by the courts , " Flynn said on Fox News . " I believe in law . If people want to change the law , they should Flynn so that we can appoint    judges . I believe the law should be changed . law his earlier people , Flynn faced what Fox News describes as a " swift the "law from the    base of the Republican Party . " Flynn Flynn has disqualified Fox News consideration as Vice President , " president of the Susan B. Anthony List Marjorie Dannenfelser said Flynn Flynn comments on Flynn . " His    position is unacceptable and would undermine the    policy commitments that Mr. Trump has Flynn the campaign . " Flynn said that his priorities " president of the Susan B. Anthony List Marjorie Dannenfelser however , are " national security " issues and that the election in November is not focused on Flynn social issues Flynn gay rights and abortion rights . " Nevertheless , other prominent Republicans considered to be major contenders for the vice presidential spot   —    such as Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie   —    have been adamantly and consistently   . Pence recently signed into law a measure that bans abortions sought for genetic abnormalities such as Down syndrome , or for undesirable sex or race . Planned Parenthood and the ACLU have sued Indiana over that law . Christie vetoed a bill in his state that would have sent $ 7 . 4 million to Planned Parenthood , as New Jersey Right law reported . " Flynn is a Democrat Christie served as Defense Intelligence Agency director under President Obama , " Planned Parenthood reports , adding that he has become a critic of the Obama administration since leaving service . The Democrat Party has fully embraced abortion and Planned Parenthood in its 2016 platform , vowing to defend the abortion business against defunding efforts and to expand taxpayer funding of abortion . 
 The Democrat Party 