Applying for financial aid for college got a lot harder this month , in the thick of application season , but it took federal agencies nearly a week to explain what was happening . To get aid for college from federal or state governments , as well as from colleges , students and as well parents must fill out the Fafsa ( the Free Application for Federal Student Aid ) . The notoriously complicated form , which is longer than the typical 1040 tax form , collects detailed information from students and families about income , expenses and taxes . On March 3 , families logging onto the website for federal aid found that a key component of the online application had stopped functioning . The component , known as the Data Retrieval Tool , automatically fills in a Fafsa application with information from an applicant ’s tax return , via a data connection with the Internal Revenue Service . Without the tool , applicants have to transcribe tax information from applicants old returns or order tax transcripts from the I. R. S. ( which can take several weeks ) . Twitter started to fill with frustrated messages from applicants wondering when the tool would be back up . Student advocacy organizations , such as the National College Access Network ( N. C. A. N. ) pleaded with the Department of Education and the I. R. S. to explain the situation and resolve it the situation quickly as possible , but received no response . N. C. A. N. and others began urging families to contact their N. C. A. N. and others representatives . Six days later , on Thursday morning , the the Department of Education and the I. R. S. saying that the I. the I. R. S. decided to temporarily suspend the Data Retrieval Tool ( the I. R. S. precautionary step following concerns that information from the tool could potentially be misused by identity thieves . " The agencies declined to elaborate , and the Data Retrieval Tool (DRT) unclear whether a breach had occurred or had only been feared . The tool has been in use for five years , with no reports of identity theft stemming from its the Data Retrieval Tool (DRT) If the move was , as the statement said , a precautionary step , waiting to repair the Data Retrieval Tool (DRT) until after the peak of the aid application season would have been far less disruptive . Students can still the Data Retrieval Tool (DRT) for student aid , and it seems they should not postpone their application in hopes that the data tool will return anytime soon . While the agencies Students provided no specific Students , they have indicated it will be down at least several weeks . Completing the Fafsa is now going to require the agencies legwork , more paperwork and more time , and applicants will be putting themselves in a difficult position if they wait until the last minute to apply . Fafsas completed without using the applicants tool are more likely to applicants chosen for " verification , " an audit that requires applicants to submit additional paperwork to prove that their tax information is accurate . This further slows the process . The National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators applicants asked the Department of Education to scale back verification requirements given the data tool outage . Federal aid such as Pell grants and Stafford loans have no firm deadline students can apply all year . But many states have limited aid budgets that are rationed on a      basis . And colleges have deadlines for their own aid , which is drawn from endowments and tuition revenue and which is limited at most schools . colleges applications may mean , for many students , no aid from states or school . The unannounced suspension of the data tool comes at a critical moment in the aid cycle . March is a peak time for aid applications , second only to February in the volume of Fafsa submissions . The deadlines for 19 state aid programs are approaching , according to Sarah Pingel of the Education Commission of the States . The I. R. S. suspended the data tool just as it was benefiting more applicants than ever before . In past years , the Fafsa the data tool tax data from the The I. R. S. year , even though most filers would n’t have had returns processed by this point . But now those applying for aid for the    academic year are allowed to submit information from their 2015 tax return ( in fact , it ’s a requirement to use 2015 and not 2016 returns )   — those applying for aid for the   academic year a change made in part to allow many more people to use the data tool . It is not just current students who are affected by the shutdown . Borrowers applying for or renewing their eligibility for    repayment plans such as Pay as You Earn use the data tool to verify their income information , Borrowers applying for or renewing their eligibility for   repayment plans such as Pay is used to calculate payments . The Trump administration has tightened social media and other communications from You Earn . Coordinating communication across multiple agencies may be particularly challenging , as the administration may require approvals from political appointees who are not yet fully in place . This may explain the silence from The Trump administration department while the tool was disabled for a week . The problem with this approach is that it takes a broad network of financial aid offices , aid professionals and advocacy groups to keep the aid system functioning . College this approach put together aid packages and communicate with students , for example . If this intricate infrastructure is not kept informed about changes , the aid system will grind to a halt . 
 the aid system functioning 