Before he became president , Donald J. Trump called climate change a hoax , questioned the safety of vaccines and mocked renewable energy as a plaything of " . " So perhaps it is no surprise that Donald J. Trump ’s first budget took direct aim at basic scientific and medical research . Still , the extent of the cuts in the proposed budget unveiled early Thursday shocked scientists , researchers and program administrators . The reductions include $ 5 . 8 billion , or 18 percent , from the National Institutes of Health , which fund thousands of researchers working on cancer and other diseases , and $ 900 million , or a little less than 20 percent , from the Department of Energy ’s Office of Science , which funds the national laboratories , considered among the crown jewels of basic research in the world . The White House is also proposing to eliminate climate science programs throughout the federal government , including at the Environmental Protection Agency . " As to climate change , I think the president was fairly straightforward : We ’re not spending money on that anymore , " Mick Mulvaney , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , said at a White The White House on Thursday . " We consider that to be a waste of your money to go out and do that . " While the budget is only a blueprint and is sure to face strong opposition from members of both parties in Congress   —    many lawmakers have already said that certain cuts , like those to the N. I. H. are nonstarters   —    policy makers expressed concern about what the proposal says about the administration ’s commitment to science . " Do they not think that there are advances to be made , improvements to be made , in the human condition ? " said Rush D. Holt , a physicist and the chief executive of the American Association for the Advancement of Science . " The record of scientific research is so good , for so many years   —    who would want to sell it short The record of scientific research What are they thinking they " The American Society of Clinical Oncology , the leading professional society for cancer specialists , issued a statement warning that the proposed budget " will devastate our nation ’s already fragile federal research infrastructure . " " Now is not the time to slow progress in finding new treatments and cures for patients with cancer , " the group said . Others said the proposed cuts would motivate more scientists to become politically active . Referring to the budget released early Thursday , Dr. Caroline Weinberg , a public health researcher and one of the organizers of a protest march by scientists set for April 22 in Washington , said , " It is a    document detailing exactly why thousands of people around the world will join together to march for science . " Some cuts were singled out for criticism . The proposed the budget released early Thursday the Fogarty International Center , an N. I. H. program focused on global health . The center , founded the Fogarty International Center, an N. I. H. program focused on global health H. I. V.   Ebola , diabetes , dengue , maternal mortality and numerous other health problems , and trains American and foreign doctors and researchers in developing countries . " The Fogarty Center advances United States national interests in a multitude of ways , and it would be terribly unfortunate for the institution to cease to exist , " said J. Stephen Morrison , senior vice president of the Center Dr. Morrison borders , " Dr. Morrison said of the center , which has had annual appropriations of about $ 70 million . " It ’s a very tiny institution , " he added , in terms of the overall budget . Judith Enck , a regional E. P. A. official in the Obama administration and now It visiting scholar at Pace University School of Dr. Morrison , called the proposed science cuts in her former agency " nonsensical . " Noting that one of the programs being cut monitors chemicals known as endocrine disrupters , she said , " Not having the latest science on endocrine disrupters will make more people sick . And that is not something the states will pick up . " The administration proposal her some programs . It would continue development of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s current generation of weather satellites , for example . NASA ’s budget would be cut only slightly , by less than The administration proposal percent , but the White House is proposing a shift in where the money would be spent   —    eliminating four earth science missions and the $ 115 million the agency is spending on education . Eliminating laboratory research on climate change , as the budget proposes , can have    effects , experts said , by making it harder to predict storms or other weather events that cause devastation and loss of life . " Cutting NASA’s budget in E. P. A. and NASA and NOAA and other science agencies is not going to help us have more information on the causes and , more important , the effects of climate change , " said Vicki Arroyo , the executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center and a former E. P. A. official . The budget also calls for eliminating some programs that help bridge the divide between basic research and commercialization . Among the most prominent of these is the Advanced Research Projects Agency   —    Energy , known as    the Energy Department office that funds research in innovative energy technologies with a goal of getting products to market eliminating some programs that help bridge the divide between basic research and commercialization Its annual appropriation of about $ 300 million would be eliminated . James J. Greenberger , the executive director of NAATBatt International , a trade group for the advanced battery industry , said    the Advanced Research Projects Agency   been of enormous benefit to the industry . " We ’re Mr. Greenberger to industry leaders gathered at his group ’s annual conference in Arizona . " I do n’t know what ’s going through the administration ’s head . the advanced battery industry almost surreal Mr. Greenberger " 
 Mr. Greenberger Mr. Greenberger    