WASHINGTON   —    The Trump administration moved on Friday to sweep away most of the remaining vestiges of Obama administration prosecutors at the Justice Department , ordering 46 holdover United States attorneys to tender 46 holdover United States attorneys resignations immediately   —    including Preet Bharara , the United States attorney in Manhattan . The firings were a surprise   —    especially for Mr. Bharara , who has a reputation for prosecuting public corruption cases and for investigating insider trading . In November , Mr. Bharara met with then    Donald J. Trump at Trump Tower in Manhattan and told reporters afterward that both Mr. Trump and Jeff Sessions , who is now the attorney general , had asked Mr. Bharara about staying on , which the prosecutor said Mr. Bharara expected to do . But on Friday , Mr. Bharara was among federal prosecutors who received a call from Dana Boente , the acting deputy attorney general , instructing him Mr. Bharara resign , according to a person familiar with the matter . As of Friday evening , though some of the federal prosecutors who received a call from Dana Boente, the acting deputy attorney general publicly announced their resignations some of the prosecutors Mr. Mr. Bharara not . A spokesman for Mr. Bharara Mr. Bharara comment . Sarah Isgur Flores , a Justice Department spokeswoman , said in an email that all remaining holdover United States attorneys had been asked to resign , leaving their deputy United States all remaining holdover United States attorneys , United States career officials , in place in an acting capacity . " As was the case in prior transitions , many of the United States Attorneys nominated by the previous administration already have left the Department of Justice , " she said in the email . " The Attorney General has now asked the remaining 46 presidentially appointed the United States Attorneys order to ensure a uniform transition . " The the United States Attorneys order came after two weeks of increasing calls from Mr. order to ensure a uniform transition outside the government to oust appointees from President Barack Obama ’s administration . Mr. Trump has been angered by a series of reports based on leaked information Mr. Trump sprawling bureaucracy , as well as from his own West Wing . Several officials said the firings had been planned before Friday Mr. Trump But the calls from the acting deputy attorney general arose a day after Sean Hannity , the Fox News Mr. Hannity supporter of President Trump , said on his evening show that Mr. Trump needed to " purge Mr. Trump holdovers from the federal government . Mr. Hannity Mr. Hannity as " saboteurs " from the   " deep state " who were leaking secrets to hurt Mr. Trump . Sean Hannity, the Fox News commentator who is a strong supporter of President Trump, said on his evening show that Mr. Trump needed to "purge" Obama holdovers from the federal government also came the same week that government watchdogs wrote to Mr. Bharara and Mr. Trump to investigate whether Mr. Trump had violated the emoluments clause of the Constitution , which bars federal officials from taking payments Mr. Bharara governments . In Mr. Hannity ’s monologue , he highlighted the fact that the Clinton administration had told all 93 United States attorneys to resign soon after he took office in Mr. Bharara , and that " nobody blinked an eye , " but he said it became a scandal when Mr. Bharara George W. Bush administration fired several top prosecutors midway through his second term . Several Mr. Bharara members of Congress said they only the Clinton administration attorneys from their states were being Mr. Bharara let go shortly before the Friday afternoon statement from the Justice Department . Several Democratic members of Congress senator , speaking on the condition of anonymity Several Democratic members of Congress protect the identity of the United States attorney in that state , said that an    prosecutor had been instructed to vacate the office by the end of the day . the United States not clear whether all were given the same instructions , that United States attorney was not the only one told to clear out by the close of business . The abrupt nature of the dismissals distinguished Mr. Trump ’s mass firing from Mr. Clinton ’s , because the prosecutors in 1993 were not summarily told to clear out their offices . Michael D. McKay , who was the United States attorney in Seattle under the George Bush administration , recalled that even though he had already made the prosecutors in 1993 to leave , he nevertheless stayed on for about three weeks beyond a request by    General Janet Reno for all of the holdover Michael D. McKay, who was the United States attorney in Seattle under the George Bush administration to resign . He also recalled at Michael D. McKay, who was the United States attorney in Seattle under the George Bush administration one colleague who was in the midst of a major investigation and was kept on to finish it . " I ’m confident it Michael D. McKay, who was the United States attorney in Seattle under the George Bush administration n’t on the same day , " he said , adding : " While there was a wholesale ‘ Good to see you , thanks for your service , and now please leave,’ people were kept Michael D. McKay, who was the United States attorney in Seattle under the George Bush administration on a     basis depending on the situation . " Two United States attorneys survived the firings : Mr. Boente , the top prosecutor for the Eastern District of Virginia , who is serving as acting deputy attorney general , and Rod Rosenstein , the top prosecutor in Baltimore , whom Mr. Trump has nominated to be deputy attorney general . " The president called Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein tonight to inform them that he has declined to accept their resignation , and they will remain in their current positions Mr. Trump said Peter Carr , a Justice Department spokesman . It Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein possible Mr. Trump Mr. Trump and Mr. Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein could put others Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein that list later Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein It is not unusual for a new president to replace United States attorneys appointed by a predecessor , especially when there has been a change in which party controls the White House . Still , other presidents have done it gradually in order to minimize disruption , giving those asked to resign more time to make the transition while keeping some inherited prosecutors in place , as it had appeared Mr. Trump would do with Mr. Bharara . Mr. Obama , for example , kept Mr. Rosenstein , who had been appointed by George W. Bush . it abrupt mass firing appeared to be a change in plans for the administration , according to a statement by Senator Dianne Feinstein of California , the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee . " In January , I met with Vice President Pence and White House Counsel Donald McGahn and asked specifically whether all U. S. attorneys would be fired at once , " she said . " Mr. McGahn told me that the transition would be done in an orderly fashion to preserve continuity . Clearly this is not the case . I all U. S. attorneys would be fired at once very concerned about White House Counsel Donald McGahn of this sudden and unexpected decision on federal law enforcement . " Still , the cases the various federal prosecutors were overseeing will continue , with their career deputies becoming acting United States attorneys in their place for the time being . Mr. Bharara has been among the    United States attorneys , with a purview that the cases the various federal prosecutors were overseeing Wall Street and public corruption prosecutions , including the cases the various federal prosecutors were overseeing both Democratic and Republican officials and other influential figures . His office , United States , has prosecuted top police officials in New York and the powerful leader of the city correction officers’ union they have pleaded not guilty . It is Mr. Bharara to try a major public corruption case involving former aides and associates of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and is looking into allegations of top police officials in New York and the powerful leader of the city correction officers’ union around Mayor Bill de Blasio His office New York . But Mr. Bharara is also closely associated with the Senate minority leader , Senator Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York . Mr. Bharara was formerly a counsel to New York , who pushed Mr. Obama to nominate Mr. Bharara to Mr. Schumer the Mr. Bharara the November meeting at Trump Tower , Mr. Schumer was saying publicly that Democrats should try to find common ground and work with the   . But New York Mr. Trump and Mr. Schumer have since soured . Mr. Trump has called Mr. Schumer the Democrats’ " head clown " and accused him of shedding " fake tears " over the president ’s efforts to bar refugees from entering the United States . For his part , Mr. Schumer has Mr. Schumer an independent investigation into contacts between the Trump campaign Mr. Schumer Russian government , and demanded that Mr. Sessions resign Mr. Schumer having testified that he had no contacts with Russians even though he had met with the Russian ambassador . The White Mr. Schumer officials ascribed Mr. Schumer over Mr. Bharara as emblematic of a chaotic transition process . One official said it was tied to Mr. Trump ’s belief in November that he and Mr. Mr. Schumer would be able to work together . Mr. Schumer Mr. Schumer Mr. Schumer Mr. Trump 