Matt Latimer writes in Politico :   Nancy Reagan never would have considered Nancy Reagan part of the Washington " establishment . " For one thing , Nancy Reagan had n’t lived in this town in decades . More importantly , Nancy Reagan had a constituency of one : Nancy Reagan beloved husband . And if the Washington "establishment did n’t like it ( the Washington "establishment often the Washington "establishment n’t ) that was too damn bad . Still it ’s the Washington "establishment to miss the symbolism of Mrs. Reagan ’s passing —   she died Mrs. Reagan at age 94 —   coinciding with the final collapse of the Republican ruling class as GOP voters over the weekend anointed one of two antiestablishment outsiders , Donald Trump and Ted Cruz , as their likely two antiestablishment outsiders, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz standard bearer . With her death Mrs. Reagan the eclipsing of the GOP establishment , there is a palpable sense that something in the Grand Old Party —   to which Nancy and Ronald Reagan devoted decades of their lives Nancy and Ronald Reagan   has been lost forever . There is more than a little irony to that outcome . Through the last decades of her life Mrs. Reagan Nancy Reagan Ronald Reagan her husband Mrs. Reagan legacy alive , and his presidency became Ronald Reagan altar upon which every GOP aspirant to the White House pledged fealty . But it did n’t play out that way when she actually Mrs. Reagan in the White House the White House many    tributes to the former First Lady , it does no injustice to it Reagan ’s memory to recall that she was an unpopular figure Mrs. Reagan’s Washington . To the contrary such an acknowledgment puts her accomplishments in proper perspective Mrs. Reagan’s Indeed , the Reagans arrived in Washington in the winter of Washington as insurgents themselves . A number of Republican leaders had worked against Reagan ’s nomination , preferring Reagan moderates like George H. W. Bush or seasoned political tacticians such as Senators Howard Baker or Bob Dole . The California governor was an outspoken outsider who preferred a good horse , cowboy hats , and denim to the meaningless blather of DC salons . He said impolitic things like The California governor was the problem . Many , including the man he defeated , Jimmy Carter The California governor intimated that he might start a nuclear The California governor . You can read the rest of the story here . 
 