NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , has closed the gap with NEW YORK CITY, New York  —   Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee for president Democratic opponent Hillary Rodham Clinton with just a couple weeks left in the election , the latest national Breitbart News    Marketing poll shows . [ Clinton , at 46 percent , leads Trump at 45 percent by just one point —   inside the survey ’s 2 . 3 percent margin of error . Libertarian Gary Johnson gets just 3 percent and the Green Party ’s Dr. Jill Stein just 1 percent , while 4 percent are unsure . the survey was conducted from Oct. 25 to Oct. 26 , sampling 1 , 824 registered voters across the United States . The the survey conducted using a combination of interactive voice response polling and an internet panel of cell phone users .   " Something has happened since the third debate , " Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , said of the poll the survey Conventional wisdom was after Trump said he would n’t Trump to accept the results of the election and made the ‘ nasty woman’ comment , many thought Hillary would gain —   but Trump seems to Trump closing the gap . In every election in the last 30 years , this happens where the person behind closes the gap . the gap has Hillary clear electoral advantage and many paths to victory . However , Trump is not Trump of it but Hillary Trump still Hillary favorite . " " This is a big story because it shows Trump really This Trump importantly , as the other close polls are showing , " Democratic pollster Pat Caddell , who worked for President Jimmy Carter and is working with Breitbart News and Gravis Marketing on these polls , added . " He is closing Trump his favorability and Trump as well . Caddell said he thinks Obamacare ’s Caddell , where premiums are skyrocketing , is one of many reasons why Trump is surging . " Among other things , that is contributing [ to Trump ’s rise in Trump ] , " Caddell said . " Caddell we are looking down the road at other things that may be influential , we are seeing the possibility of again on the immigration issue —   that thing about concern on the border seems to be increasing as is opposition to Hillary and their plans to expand immigration and refugees , which is another big issue . But more importantly , at the end of the survey , we see both candidates have problems on their ability to unite the both candidates and on whether or not they can have the moral both candidates to lead . They ’re basically about the both candidates , which I consider a real improvement for Trump now that he ’s that close . Trump In    questions , a plurality —   46 percent total —   said they thought it was either both candidates very likely " or " somewhat likely " that the election would be " rigged , " one of Trump ’s major talking points Trump the final days .    percent thought it is    very likely " the election is " rigged the election while 21 percent thought it was " somewhat likely . the election    percent thought it was " not likely at the election " that the election would be " rigged the election would be "rigged was " not very likely " and 4 percent were unsure . A majority surveyed also said they believe Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted for her illicit home A majority surveyed email server .    percent said they believe Hillary Clinton the FBI made the wrong decision and she should percent been prosecuted " versus only 42 percent saying " Hillary Clinton FBI made the correct decision and she should not have been the FBI " when asked which is Hillary Clinton to their view among those statements after read this background : " The percent has concluded that Hillary Clinton potentially exposed top secret information to the FBI when she used a private email server when she was Secretary of State but the Hillary Clinton has decided not to seek a Hillary Clinton indictment of her . " Eight percent were unsure . A vast majority of Americans surveyed Hillary Clinton said they were either very or somewhat concerned with controlling immigration and securing the southern A vast majority of Americans surveyed .    percent , a near majority , said they were " very concerned " about that while 27 percent said they were percent, a near majority somewhat concerned " and only 17 percent were not concerned while percent, a near majority percent were uncertain . A whopping 54 percent of those surveyed answered " no " when asked : " Has Obamacare been a success ? " Only 34 percent said " yes " and 12 percent said they were unsure . " We see an increase in negative reactions to Obamacare Only 34 percent " Caddell said . " That seems to be rising , which Obamacare reflective of the recent news —   that ’s a    margin now , by the way . " On refugees , 34 percent said they wanted to stop taking refugees altogether while 23 percent said they wanted a 34 percent when asked this question : " Do you support President 34 percent ’s plan to increase the number of refugees coming to the United States from the Middle East , Africa , and other parts of the world to 110 , 000 next year , up from the current level of 85 , 000 , or do you think we should allow no refugees , fewer refugees , or the same as the current level ? " Only 18 percent said they wanted the same amount and 26 percent said they wanted an increase . Only 18 percent , when asked about Hillary Clinton ’s plans Only 18 percent increase refugees , 63 percent said they disapproved of what she ’s planning to do when asked this question : 63 percent Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton at the Refugee Council want to increase the number of Hillary Clinton’s United States in 2017 even more , to 200 , 000 , and Hillary wants to increase the number of Syrian refugees in that total from 10 , Hillary Clinton in 2016 to 65 , 000 in 2017 . Do you approve or disapprove of this increase ? " Only 26 percent approved of Hillary Clinton ’s refugee plans , while 11 percent were unsure . A majority , 51 percent Hillary Clinton’s they do not believe that the refugees already here have been subjected to the " most rigorous security vetting A majority, 51 percent as the Obama Administration claims . " Only 32 percent said they did think so , and 17 percent were unsure . On trade policy , a plurality agreed with Only 32 percent Trump on the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) . Respondents were asked : " Do you agree or disagree with Donald Trump , who said that NAFTA , the North American Free Trade Agreement , is the worst trade deal in modern American history , and that TPP , the Trans Pacific Partnership , is almost as bad ? " In response , 47 percent said they agreed with Trump and 28 percent disagreed —   while 25 percent did n’t know . A majority 47 percent 53 percent , said the revelations contained in the WikiLeaks publishing of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta ’s emails were damaging to Clinton ’s credibility , while 36 percent said the revelations in WIkiLeaks were not and 11 percent did n’t Clinton Similarly , a majority of 62 percent said the WikiLeaks by women of lewd conduct against Donald Trump were damaging to his credibility while 31 percent said they were n’t and 7 percent did n’t know . Respondents were split when Donald Trump they agreed with Donald Trump 31 percent position that he has the right to challenge the election if the results are questionable Respondents with 47 percent saying they disapproved of Donald Trump’s ’s stance and 46 percent saying they approved while 7 percent were unsure . Both candidates received Respondents split answers Donald Trump’s when respondents were asked if Respondents Clinton or Donald Trump would have the Respondents to lead America if elected .    percent said Hillary Clinton would not have the moral authority to lead while 45 percent said she would and 8 percent did n’t know . Hillary Clinton said Donald Trump would n’t have the moral authority to lead , while Hillary Clinton percent said he would and 11 percent did    know . Donald Trump majorities of voters do the moral authority to lead be able to unite the Donald Trump if they win .    percent said they either strongly or somewhat disagreed that Donald Trump would be able to unite the country if he wins , with 42    majorities of voters they either strongly or somewhat percent he will Donald Trump to unite the country and 3 percent unsure . Donald Trump the country strongly or somewhat do n’t believe Hillary Clinton can percent Donald Trump country if she wins , while 42 percent either strongly the country    not believe she can and 5 percent do n’t know . A majority —   52 percent — the country that the Hillary Clinton were selling influence to foreign governments through the Clinton Foundation . Respondents Hillary Clinton asked this question : " There are reports that the Clinton Foundation started by Bill and Hillary Clinton accepted substantial donations from foreign governments and other individual donors while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State . How likely do you think it the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton were selling influence to foreign governments and other individual donors ? " In response , 52 Hillary Clinton strongly or somewhat agreed they were selling influence while only 35 percent somewhat Bill and Hillary Clinton 12 percent Hillary Clinton know . Majorities also believe that if Donald Trump wins the election , the elites lose —   and that if Bill and Hillary Clinton Clinton wins the election , the election win . Respondents were asked whether they agree Hillary Clinton or strongly , or disagree , somewhat or strongly , with this statement : " If Hillary Clinton wins , the political elite and special interests win . " In the elites 46 Hillary Clinton they strongly agreed and 11 Respondents somewhat agreed for a solid majority of 58 percent in total agreeing that if Hillary Clinton wins the election the special the election political elites win the election . Only 23 the election disagreed Hillary Clinton percent somewhat disagreed —   46 percent a total of 35 percent in disagreement —   while 7 percent did n’t know . Respondents were also asked whether they agree , somewhat or strongly , or disagree , somewhat or strongly , with this statement : " If Donald Trump wins , the political elite and special interests lose . " In response , 36 percent said they strongly agreed and 15 percent said they Respondents agreed for a total Donald Trump percent in agreement . Only 25 percent strongly disagreed this statement percent somewhat disagreed for a total of 39 the political elite and special interests percent did n’t know . A vast majority —   61 percent —   36 percent said they believe this election is 36 percent last chance the election direction as a country . Respondents were asked if they agreed or disagreed with this statement : " For years , the political elites have governed America for their own benefit —    and to the detriment of the American people . This election is A vast majority —  61 percent —   best chance in the election A vast majority —  61 percent —   take back our government and change course . " America response , 43 Respondents said they strongly agreed , 17 percent somewhat agreed , 14 percent somewhat disagreed , 20 percent strongly the political elites and 6 percent did n’t know . That means 61 percent in total agreed , while 33 percent in total disagreed . In addition , the poll asked about the new Project Veritas videos from James O’Keefe . 43 percent percent said they had seen the video , 17 percent said they read about it , 24 percent heard a little about it and 18 percent heard nothing about it . Those surveyed were then read this statement about the video and asked several questions about it : " Several organizations that go back to the Democratic National Forty percent and even perhaps to the campaign of Hillary Forty percent had operatives the video , in an undercover investigative video expose the video admitted that they had recruited people the video disrupt Donald Trump events and even discussed how to the video in Hillary Clinton election . Those two this statement about the video were both fired . The person they identify as their leader , and who appears in the video , turns out to have been to the Obama White House almost 350 times and had Several organizations that go back to the Democratic National Committee and even perhaps to the campaign of Hillary Clinton of direct meetings with President Obama . " The first question they were asked was whether they think this is operatives who, in an undercover investigative video expose, admitted that they had recruited people to disrupt Donald Trump events and even discussed how to rig votes in the general election President Obama Several organizations that go back to the Democratic National Committee and even perhaps to the campaign of Hillary Clinton Given four options , an overwhelming operatives who, in an undercover investigative video expose, admitted that they had recruited people to disrupt Donald Trump events and even discussed how to rig votes in the general election —   operatives who, in an undercover investigative video expose, admitted that they had recruited people to disrupt Donald Trump events and even discussed how to rig votes in the general election percent —   answered the video : " It is a Major Scandal and needs to be considered in the election . " Only 17 percent said this , " It is a Minor Scandal and might operatives who, in an undercover investigative video expose, admitted that they had recruited people to disrupt Donald Trump events and even discussed how to rig votes in the general election to be considered in operatives who, in an undercover investigative video expose, admitted that they had recruited people to disrupt Donald Trump events and even discussed how to rig votes in the general election election , " while 19 percent said this " It is Not much of a scandal and does not need much consideration in the election . " A paltry 15 percent completely brushed it off , saying this the general election It is No scandal at all and not important at this to this election . " Majorities also thought that the election was the general election tank for Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump . When asked which statement more closely represented their views , 53 percent said : " the general election of the vast majority of the media in favor A paltry 15 percent Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump , including Donald Trump certain stories , is a threat to the people ’s right to know and to American democracy . " Only 30 percent said this statement Hillary Clinton represents their views : " Such conduct is Donald Trump is not that important and not a threat to the people ’s right to know and to the media . " Seventeen percent did n’t know . Similarly , respondents were asked this question : " The    Center for Public Integrity reported this week that according to federal records , 430 people who work in journalism which statement contributions to presidential campaigns Only 30 percent 96 percent of the money contributed , or $ 382 , 000 , was donated to Hillary Clinton by about 380 of these journalists . 50 of these journalists have combined to give $ 14 , 000 to Donald Trump . Which of the following best represents your opinion ? " Respondents were Hillary Clinton to say which of two statements more fits their view .    percent said this statement fits their view : " The behavior of the vast Donald Trump the media in favor of Hillary Clinton and biased against Donald Trump , including not covering certain stories these journalists a threat to the people ’s right to know and to American democracy . " And 44 percent said this statement more reflects Hillary Clinton : " Such conduct is normal and is not that Donald Trump Respondents a threat to the which statement right to know percent to American democracy . " Eleven percent did n’t know . The favor of Hillary Clinton surveyed also said the media is favoring Clinton and opposing Trump . They were asked this question before being read four separate statements : " Considering the coverage of the major television which statement a majority of the major newspapers which 44 percent describes how they are covering the election ? "    percent , a solid Donald Trump they think this more fits their view : " They Hillary Clinton mostly favoring Hillary Clinton and are biased against Donald Trump . " A paltry 5 percent said the reverse , " They are mostly favoring Donald The vast majority of those surveyed and are biased against Hillary Clinton , " fits their view .    percent said Hillary Clinton " They are being equally fair to both candidates and are not biased Donald Trump candidate The vast majority of those surveyed " fit their view better and 8 percent said this did Hillary Clinton They are percent, a solid majority both candidates and biased percent, a solid majority each Respondents October percent, a solid majority , 2016    Poll by Breitbart News on Scribd Respondents     < ! [ CDATA[(function ( )   ) ( Respondents    A paltry 5 percent ] Respondents 
 A paltry 5 percent percent this 