Friday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump reacted to the grading of last night ’s debate performance by Bloomberg ’s Mark Halperin , who gave Trump an    and Trump opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a   .   According to Trump , the mark for Cruz was too high and the mark for Cruz cited Cruz ’s " New York values " remarks . Partial transcript as follows : JOE SCARBOROUGH ,    " MORNING JOE " : Mark Halperin , let ’s move back to the debate . You did something last night , on your report card that you have never done before . MIKA BRZEZINSKI ,    " MORNING JOE " : the mark for Cruz ’s not happy with MORNING JOE" . JOE SCARBOROUGH : You actually gave out an A. BRZEZINSKI : No , the mark for Cruz did n’t . JOE SCARBOROUGH : It was an A minus . an A. BRZEZINSKI : A minus . HALPERIN : Which is still Mr. Trump : Oh , a minus ? I heard the mark for Cruz gave me an A. SCARBOROUGH : So   —    so   —    so tell   —    so tell   —    so   —    so let ’s talk about the debate . What happened last night ? HALPERIN : Well , you ’ve got a guy who ’s doing the job . Has n’t been a political for very long who I think clearly is learning how to get better . the mark for Cruz ’s   —    all the mark for Cruz debate performances have been strong , but I thought Mr. Trump was as   —    stronger than he ’s Mr. Trump in a field of candidates , all of whom are trailing him and Mr. Trump none of whom really I thought did much damage to him last Mr. Trump at all . SCARBOROUGH : Yes . Question for the candidate ? HALPERIN : So , voting is going to start in a little over two weeks here and then all across the country . They ’re voting to come in quick succession . You ’ve got a lot of support and your supporters are very loyal to you . HALPERIN you ’ve also got a lot of undecided voters in Iowa and around the country who have n’t picked you yet . What do you say to those undecided voters now who have n’t decided to vote for you ? HALPERIN : Well , I think we ’re going to do very well here and I think we have we —    I do n’t know about the undecided voters . We have we tremendous group of voters that are going to vote and you know , by a lot , by a long shot they ’re the most loyal . I have the most loyal people . We have we   —    they say you can do anything and they ’re they to be with you . TRUMP I say I love my people the most loyal people I do love my people , the most loyal people far   …      HALPERIN : But you want more people . TRUMP : No , no . Sure . But they ’re going to they decisions and I thought Cruz hurt himself last night very Cruz because he looked very strident Cruz me . I see HALPERIN gave him a    but Cruz think you ’re wrong about that because I think people are not going to like him based on that Cruz last night . HALPERIN last night grade HALPERIN you give him ? TRUMP : Cruz can tell you one thing , if you live in New York , you ’re not going to like him . He gave Cruz about Cruz million votes last night . Follow Jeff last night Twitter @jeff_poor 
 