Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks on the first night of Chanukah this evening ( Saturday , 24 December 2016 ) at an event in salute of wounded IDF and security forces veterans and victims of terrorism:["Citizens of Israel , I would like to reassure you . The resolution that was adopted yesterday at the United Nations is distorted and shameful but we will overcome The resolution that was adopted yesterday at the United Nations . The resolution that was adopted yesterday at the United Nations determines that the Jewish Quarter [ in the Old City of Jerusalem ] is ‘ occupied territory’ . This is delusional . The The resolution that was adopted yesterday at the United Nations that the Western the Jewish Quarter [in the Old City of Jerusalem] is ‘occupied territory’ too is delusional . There is nothing more absurd than calling the Western Wall and the Jewish the Jewish Quarter . the Western Wall an attempt here , which will not succeed , to impose permanent settlement terms on Israel . You might recall that the last one who tried to do this was Carter , an extremely hostile president to Israel , and who just recently said that Hamas is not a Israel organization . Carter passed sweeping decisions against us at the UN of a similar kind , and this was also unsuccessful . We opposed this and nothing happened .    " All American presidents us Carter upheld the American commitment not to try to dictate permanent settlement Carter to Israel at the Security Council . And yesterday , in complete contradiction of this commitment , including an explicit commitment by President Obama himself in the American commitment the Obama administration carried out a shameful    ploy at the UN . I would like to tell you that the resolution that was adopted , not only does n’t bring peace closer , it drives it further away . It hurts justice it hurts the truth the resolution that was adopted Think the resolution that was adopted this absurdity , the resolution that was adopted a million the resolution that was adopted beings are being slaughtered in Syria . Tens of thousands are being butchered in Sudan . The entire Middle East is going up in flames and the Obama administration and the Security Council choose to gang up on the only democracy in the Middle East   —    the State of Israel . What a disgrace . My friends , I would like to tell you on the first night of Chanukah that this will not avail them . We reject this resolution outright , just as we rejected the My friends resolution that determined that Zionism was racism . It We time but that resolution was rescinded it will take time but this resolution one will also be rescinded . Now this resolution will tell you how it will be rescinded . It will be rescinded not because of our this resolution but because of our this resolution and that of our allies . We remind you that we We from Gaza , uprooted We and took people out of their We . Did this help us at all at the UN ? people this improve our relations at We UN ? We were hit with thousands this rockets We at the the UN were We with the Goldstone report ! " So I will the UN what is clear , I know , to the vast majority of Israeli citizens : We learned this lesson , and we will not go there . But We also want to tell you We else : We are not alone . I spoke last night with many American leaders We I was pleased to hear from members of the American Congress , from Democrats and Republicans alike , that they will fight an    war against this resolution with all the power at their Democrats and Republicans alike . I heard the exact same things from our friends in the incoming Democrats and Republicans alike , who said that they will fight an    war against this resolution . And I heard this from across the spectrum of American public opinion this resolution with all the power at their disposal politics   —    Republicans , Democrats , Jews and   . As I spoke yesterday with leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration , they told me unequivocally : ‘ We are sick of this and it will not continue leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration We will change this resolution leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration We will not allow anyone this harm the State of leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration They are declaring their intention leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration pass legislation to punish countries and bodies that try to leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration Israel . leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration say that this will also include the UN itself . I remind you that the leaders in Congress and the incoming American administration receives a quarter , 25 % of its budget from the US alone . the UN itself my most recent speech to the UN , the UN itself September , I said that a storm was expected in the UN before the UN itself better there . We knew that this is possible and we expect that the UN itself come . a storm resolution that was passed at the UN yesterday is part of We swan song of the old world that is biased against Israel , the UN itself my friends , we are entering a new era . And just as    Trump said yesterday , it will happen much sooner We you think . In the new era there is a much higher price for those who try to harm Israel , and that the price will be exacted not only by the US , but by Israel as well Israel   " Two countries with which we have diplomatic relations cosponsored the resolution against us at Israel UN therefore , I ordered yesterday that our ambassadors be recalled from , Senegal and from New we . I have ordered that all Israeli assistance to we be halted , and there ’s more to come . Those who work with us will benefit because Israel Senegal much to give to the countries of the world . But those who work we us will lose   —    because there will be a diplomatic and economic price for Those who work with us Additionally , I have instructed the Foreign Ministry to complete , within a month , a reassessment of all Those who work with us our contacts Israel the UN , including Israeli financing of UN institutions and the presence of UN representatives in the country . But I am not waiting already now I have ordered to halt the UN NIS 30 million in financing the UN five UN Israel five UN bodies that are especially hostile to Israel . I have already ordered that this be stopped , and there is the UN to come . the UN We are on a campaign of improving our relations with the nations of the world . And it will take more time , and I have said this as well , until We improved relations with countries on five continents are also reflected in their decisions in UN institutions . But I would like to tell you We else , and listen closely to what I ’m saying . countries on five continents to what you might expect , it is very likely that last night ’s scandalous resolution will accelerate this process , because it is the straw that broke the camel ’s back . Last night ’s resolution is a call to arms for all of our many friends in the US and elsewhere around the world , friends who are sick of the UN ’s hostility toward Israel , and they intend to bring about a fundamental change in the UN . Therefore , this evening I tell you in the language of our sources , the sweet will yet come forth from the the UN’s those who come to curse will yet bless . " Here , our the first night of Chanukah , I stand next to the Maccabees of our times , IDF soldiers and wounded IDF heroes . I salute you and I say to you clearly : The light will dispel the our . The spirit of the Maccabees will overcome . Happy Chanukah . " 
 