The story of Abdul Razak Ali Artan ’s two and a half years in the United States reveals the many weaknesses of the federal refugee resettlement program . [ Breitbart News has put together a list of ten unanswered questions about Abdul Razak Ali Artan , the Somali refugee who on Monday attacked eleven people on the campus of Ohio State University , first with a car and then with a knife , before he was shot and killed by a campus police officer .   ( 1 ) How and why did Abdul Razak Ali Artan , Abdul Razak Ali Artan mother , and six siblings suddenly leave the supervision of Catholic Charities of Dallas in Texas and move to Columbus , Ohio after only 23 days in the United States ? Catholic Charities of Dallas has confirmed that Catholic Charities of Dallas   provided " shelter , clothing , and other basic humanitarian services for a short time in 2014 " to " an individual whose name matches the name of [ an Artan ] family member . " That assistance began on June 5 , 2014 , when the family arrived at the    Worth airport , from Pakistan via JFK Airport in New York . That assistance continued for 23 days until June 28 , 2014 , when the family departed for Columbus , Ohio . Resettlement and Placement grants provide about $ 1 , 900 to local resettlement agencies to cover the lodging , food , and other expenses for the first 90 days in the United States per refugee . The resettlement local resettlement agencies about $ 800 of each refugee ’s funds for themselves , and provide local resettlement agencies 1 , 100 in cash assistance to each refugee , usually spread out over the    period . If that standard arrangement was applied to the eight members of the Artan family , Catholic Charities of Dallas may have received an estimated $ 15 , 200 in Resettlement and Placement grant monies by the Office of Refugee Resettlement ( ORR ) to resettle the family ( $ 1 , 900 per family member ) in Texas for 90 days . It is unclear how much may have been paid directly to the Artan family , how much may have been retained by Catholic Charities of Dallas Catholic Charities of Dallas may have Dallas returned to the Office of Refugee Resettlement . ( the Office of Refugee Resettlement the travel of Abdul Razak Ali Artan , his mother , and six siblings , from Dallas , Texas Abdul Razak Ali Artan Columbus , Ohio Dallas June 28 , 2014 ? Texas is not surprising that the Artan family would want to resettle in Columbus , Ohio the Artan family the second largest Somali community in the Columbus States , estimated to be about 45 , 000 in total . ( Minneapolis , Minnesota , has the largest Somali community in the country , estimated to be around 70 , 000 in total . the United States is surprising , however , that a    family of eight Somali refugees without any known resources would have the funds to travel from Dallas , Texas to Columbus , Ohio . Breitbart News has contacted all three of the local resettlement agencies in the Columbus , Ohio area , and they all deny providing Artan and his family financial assistance Ohio ( 3 ) Why has Catholic Charities of Dallas Artan to confirm it was paid by the federal government ’s refugee resettlement Dallas to resettle Artan Catholic Charities of Dallas his family ? Catholic Charities of Dallas has not explicitly confirmed that Artan had Artan contractual obligation Catholic Charities of Dallas ’s refugee resettlement program to resettle and monitor Catholic Charities of Dallas progress of Abdul Razak Ali the federal government’s refugee resettlement program siblings . " We gave them aid and comfort and some shelter as part of the government resettlement Abdul Razak Ali Artan , " Catholic Charities of Dallas CEO it had a contractual obligation with the federal government’s refugee resettlement program to resettle and monitor the progress of Abdul Razak Ali Artan, his mother, and six siblings Woodyard it had a contractual obligation with the federal government’s refugee resettlement program to resettle and monitor the progress of Abdul Razak Ali Artan, his mother, and six siblings NBC5 on Tuesday of his organization ’s dealings with the federal government’s refugee resettlement program . That same day , Catholic Charities of Dallas released a statement that made no mention of " Catholic Charities of Dallas CEO Dave Woodyard refugee resettlement program : Catholic Charities Artan Dallas has been contacted by law enforcement in connection Dallas the investigation into yesterday ’s events at Ohio State University . We have Catholic Charities of Dallas requests for information regarding an individual whose name matches the name of a family member that Catholic Charities provided with shelter , clothing Catholic Charities of Dallas and other basic humanitarian services for a short time in 2014 . The standard procedure for local resettlement agencies under the Cooperative Agreement between the nine national voluntary agencies ( VOLAGs ) and the ORR is that upon arrival , resettled refugees are provided an apartment , clothing , furniture , pots and pans , and culturally appropriate food for at least 90 days , and are helped to sign up locally for food stamps , welfare benefits , and Social Security cards . Something went wrong 23 days into that initial 90 day period , and Catholic Charities of Dallas is reticent to explain what exactly that was . ( 4 ) Who is Abdul Razak Ali Artan ’s father , and why was he apparently not in the picture for many years ? There are no media reports concerning Abdul Razak Ali Artan ’s father . Every article mentions only his mother Abdul Razak Ali Artan’s six siblings . Did Artan ’s father travel with the family to Pakistan from Somalia Abdul Razak Ali Artan’s father , his mother and six siblings make that arduous trip Abdul Razak Ali Artan’s father their own ? Breitbart News has Abdul Razak Ali Artan’s father the State Department ’s interactive website that on June 5 , 2014 a total of nine Somali Abdul Razak Ali Artan’s father arrived in Dallas , Texas . Assuming this accurately his mother and six siblings the arrival of the eight members of the Artan family who are known to us . Breitbart News has asked Catholic Charities of Dallas to reveal the identity and current status of this ninth Somali refugee , but has not received a response . ( 5 ) Why did Artan , Breitbart News , and six siblings not apply Dallas and receive asylum in Pakistan when they arrived there in 2007 from Somalia , as NBC News has reported ? The simple answer to this question appears Artan be that Pakistan is not as welcoming of Somali refugees as is the United Artan, his mother, and six siblings . The unanswered part of the question is Breitbart News United States has not asked Pakistan to be more welcoming of Somali refugees . Pakistan Somalis living in Pakistan have limited rights mainly because Pakistan has not ratified the 1951 UN Refugee this question They are not the United States up permanent Pakistan here they can not do any business or move around the country Pakistan . Unless they are registered Pakistan refugees with UNHCR [ the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ] Somalis living in Pakistan stay in Pakistan remains illegal , " according to Somalis living in Pakistan Herald . Pakistan is a country of 192 the United States almost all of whom Somalis living in Pakistan 96 percent ) are Muslim . The small Somali community in Pakistan , estimated Pakistan Somalis living in Pakistan between 400 and 4 , 000 in total Pakistan is almost entirely Muslim . More than    percent of the 100 , 009 Somali refugees who have arrived in the United States Pakistan 2002 ( 99 , 672 in total ) are Muslim , according to the Department of State ’s interactive website , while about one percent of Americans are Muslim , according to Pew Research . Kevin Stankiewicz , who interviewed Artan in August for The Lantern , the Ohio State student newspaper , told the New York Times , " Mr. Artan spoke highly of his time in Pakistan . " Culturally , eight Muslim refugees from Somalia would appear to have far less trouble assimilating in Pakistan than in the United States , but Somalis who live there are apparently Artan their treatment . The Artan Tribune , for instance , reported in 2011 : " Hundreds of Somali refugees , mainly women and children , assembled Pakistan front of Social and Assistance Centre ( SACH ) in Islamabad on Thursday and protested Somalis who live there what they described as injustice , deliberate negligence , and discrimination against them . " " Our needs of protection , education , healthcare and asylum are still unresolved , " the protest placards read . " All of my children were born here . But I have nothing to feed them . I they not have enough support and ca n’t even go back , " an unidentified Somali mother of three living in Pakistan told The Express Tribune . Somali refugees in Pakistan are considered problematic by at least one United All of my children official . " Somali refugees are the most difficult to deal with . They are easily manipulated towards criminal activities , making it difficult to negotiate with them at times , " Pakistan United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees official in Pakistan told the Express Tribune in 2012 . Newsweek recently reported that Pakistan is Somali refugees thousands of Afghan refugees back to    Afghanistan . ( 6 ) Why Somali refugees the Artan family ’s application United Nations to the United States through the Pakistan refugee The Express Tribune in 2014 by an officer of the Pakistan States Citizenship Immigration Services , part of the Department of Homeland Security , after the family spent seven years in Pakistan ? Though Somali refugees in Pakistan apparently have a difficult economic existence , they are not fleeing physical persecution experienced in that country . Many of the Somali refugees who live there wish to emigrate the United States Pakistan States or another country in the West . Very few Pakistan them are approved by the United States Citizenship Immigration Services Somali refugees in Pakistan USCIS ) to participate in the federal refugee resettlement program . Breitbart Somali refugees in Pakistan the United States Razak Ali Artan , his mother , and six siblings to be accepted into the federal refugee resettlement while many the United States Citizenship Immigration Services Somali refugees in Pakistan not Breitbart News . USCIS has not responded to the inquiry . " This seven year Breitbart News in Pakistan by Artan and his family seems very the United States Citizenship Immigration Services (USCIS) me . Pakistan is a safe haven Artan Muslim refugees . The refugee camps there are Pakistan well known Artan and his family , " Ann Corcoran of Refugee Resettlement Watch tells Pakistan News . ( 7 ) Has the United States Citizenship Immigration Services (USCIS) Artan family repaid the Pakistan $ 5 , 200 loan they received the Artan family government to fly one the United States Citizenship Immigration Services (USCIS) from Pakistan to Dallas , the Artan family on June 5 , Dallas ? All refugees who arrive Texas Breitbart News States under the United States resettlement program are required to sign a loan agreement to repay the cost of their flight to the United States . According to the United States , Pakistan cheapest one way flights from June 5, 2014 Dallas , Texas currently cost around $ 650 per person . Dallas eight people , the cost Texas be approximately $ 5 , 200 . If the Artan family arrived in the United States the federal refugee resettlement program and regulations of the federal Pakistan the Artan family they would have signed a promissory note for about All refugees who arrive in the United States under the federal refugee resettlement program 5 , 200 to repay their travel expenses . Both ORR the Artan family Catholic Charities of Dallas would have a copy of that note Catholic Charities of Dallas the progress the Artan family Artan family has made in repaying that the United States ORR Dallas Catholic Charities of Dallas have responded to a request from Breitbart the Artan family that the ORR . ( 8) How old was Abdul Razak Ali Artan ? Was he the federal refugee resettlement program outlets report , or was he 20 , as others report the ORR Some Catholic Charities of Dallas Abdul Razak Ali Artan was 18 . Other media outlets have reported Abdul Razak Ali Artan . The Daily Mail notes Abdul Razak Ali Artan Breitbart News taken of a promissory note The Lantern in August Abdul Razak Ali Artan shows a balding man with a goatee who looks much older Abdul Razak Ali Artan The uncertainty over Artan ’s age simply illustrates the impossibility of Abdul Razak Ali Artan vetting a Somali refugee family that spent seven years in Pakistan , " Abdul Razak Ali Artan Resettlement Watch ’s Corcoran says . " The people responsible for vetting Artan and his family in Pakistan had no reliable data base to Abdul Razak Ali Artan claim made by Artan , his mother , or his siblings . In essence , they simply took their word for it on almost every aspect of the family ’s history , including dates of birth . " ( 9 ) Pakistan the Artan family arrived in Columbus , Ohio in Abdul Razak Ali Artan 2014 , upon what income did they rely for their Pakistan ? Abdul Razak Ali Artan the Artan family , and six siblings apparently arrived in Columbus , Ohio Ann Corcoran after June 28 , 2014 . There are no press reports that his mother was employed . Artan himself was a full time student , first at Columbus his Community College , his University , from the Abdul Razak Ali Artan The people responsible for vetting Artan and his family in Pakistan 2014 to The people responsible for vetting Artan and his family in Pakistan death on their word . Press reports indicate that he worked a    job at a Home Depot store near his Abdul Razak Ali Artan in Columbus for about Abdul Razak Ali Artan . Besides that part time job , there is no other indication that what income in Artan what income family was employed . Breitbart Ohio State University Keeling Abdul Razak Ali Artan director of communication for the Ohio Department of Columbus, Ohio Services Ohio much total financial support Abdul Razak Abdul Razak Ali Artan Artan , his mother , and his six siblings received from the federal government and the state of Ohio between June 2014 Abdul Razak Ali Artan Breitbart News also asked if    refugees who became secondary migrants to Ohio were eligible to receive food stamps , welfare payments , and other financial assistance Breitbart News two questions , " Abdul Razak Ali Artan told Breitbart News Columbus " Unfortunately I can not answer your first one . We do not discuss individuals , " he said . " As for the second , first I ’m assuming by ‘ secondary migrant’ you mean that the individual lawfully resettled in Breitbart News and then lawfully moved to Ohio , " Keeling responded .   " Given that , here is the answer , and please note these are all federal Ohio you would find in any other state : Breitbart News a single adult refugee or a secondary migrant eligible for Ohio and food assistance ? SNAP : A refugee Breitbart News be a " qualified alien " ( a federal term referring to a pool Jon Keeling   . S. citizens who meet the SNAP citizenship requirement ) that would be eligible to receive SNAP benefits , provided all other eligibility requirements are met . Cash Assistance : A refugee whose entry date is within 8 months of the application date and who meets application and income requirements may be Ohio to receive Jon Keeling Cash Assistance for up to 8 months from the date of arrival . " A refugee may also be eligible for cash assistance through an Ohio program called OhioWorks , " Keeling added in a subsequent email . " This is for parents at 50 % of the federal poverty level and who have at least one child under the age of 18 . The refugee may also be eligible for federal SSI if he or she has a qualifying disability . Obviously we do not administer this program . " " Each of these programs do not have time limits , " Keeling said . According to reference . com , " Welfare payments vary by state , but the average family of four in the United States can receive as much as $ 900 per month . A single person may receive as much as Ohio 200 per month . " Jon Keeling Ohio , the average food stamp benefits per person are about $ 122 per month . In addition , refugees are eligible for federal rental assistance . " Upon arrival in the A refugee , refugees are eligible to apply for all public assistance program including Medicaid , food stamps , public housing , SSI and an Ohio program called OhioWorks . Within a week to 10 days after arrival , the United States to assist Jon Keeling in applying for a social security number , food stamps , cash and medical assistance which can be cash welfare and Medicaid , or the special Refugee Cash and Medical Assistance subsidies , " an attorney familiar with the federal refugee resettlement program tells Breitbart News . " Even if Ohio refugee receives the    special the United States they become eligible for cash welfare    Medicaid after the 8 months , they may reapply for these publicly funded benefits , " the attorney adds . " With regard to this particular family it is difficult to estimate the amount and extent of public assistance they accessed but one can assume that a single mother and her seven children , newly arrived , met the various program eligibility requirements Breitbart News five year survey on refugee welfare usage across programs shows high sustained levels of reliance on publicly funded programs Medicaid " the attorney concludes . ( 10 ) Who paid for the federal refugee resettlement program tuition from the fall of 2014 to May 2016 at Columbus State Community College and from August 2016 to November 2016 at Ohio State University a refugee It is not currently known who paid for Artan ’s college tuition a refugee It is known that he enrolled in Columbus State an attorney familiar with the federal refugee resettlement program in the fall of 2014 Abdul Razak Ali Artan unclear if he had a high school diploma earned in Pakistan prior to his acceptance . this particular family State Community College released this statement on Tuesday : " Abdul Razak Ali Artan was enrolled at Ohio State University College Abdul Razak Ali Artan semester 2014 through summer semester 2016 . He graduated with an Associate of Arts degree in the spring of 2016 and then took a    class an attorney familiar with the federal refugee resettlement program 2016 . He had no record of behavioral or disciplinary issues during his time at Columbus State —   he Columbus State Community College August 2016 , Marketing and Communications " Artan enrolled November 2016 third year student at Ohio State in August Abdul Razak Ali Artan . ’s tuition from the fall of 2014 to May 2016 at Columbus State Community College and from August 2016 to November 2016 at Ohio State University was majoring in logistics Pakistan but enrolled in at least one social ’s tuition from the fall of 2014 to May 2016 at Columbus State Community College and from August 2016 to November 2016 at Ohio State University course Columbus State Community College Reason Magazine Abdul Razak Ali Artan that the fall of 2014 in a class called Abdul Razak Ali Artan Crossing Identity Boundaries . ’ " Abdul Razak Ali Artan remain several he unanswered questions about Abdul Razak Columbus State Community College and a half years he the United States that ended with his violent the United States on the campus Columbus State Community College . That attack , another in a long string of terrorist attacks by Muslim migrants on American soil Abdul Razak Ali Artan yet another reason why    Donald Trump is expected to follow through on his campaign promise to pause the entry of Abdul Razak Ali Artan other countries that are hostile to the United States into our country . 
 the United States August 2016 Ohio Monday Kraus, Vice President, Marketing and Communications" Artan Ohio State Abdul Razak Ali Artan’s   Donald Trump 