Hillary Clinton ’s    speech yesterday has already been forgotten by most people . speech was low energy , littered with untruths , and purposely deceptive in Hillary Clinton attempts at branding a broad movement as an evil , racist terrorist group . [ There were a few fun things about it though .   The first being the moment when Hillary Clinton read out Milo Yiannopoulos’ Breitbart headlines while the audience gasped and screamed in agony . The second was the moment when a man in the crowd was ejected for yelling " PEPE ! " the name of the iconic green frog meme that has become the   ’s mascot , as soon as Milo Yiannopoulos’ Breitbart mentioned the movement . Meet Sean , the Pepe guy . Meet Sean, the Pepe guy was ejected from Hillary ’s event soon after the    heard around the world , but has no regrets . " I proudly consider Meet Sean, the Pepe guy a member of the Alt Right   …     now saying that , or admitting that publicly has its drawbacks because of the false narrative being peddled by the regressive left that the Alt Right is all    Russian Agents , hell bent on establishing a White Supremacist world takeover , all bullshit " said Sean in an interview with me . " I call me alt right because the conservative establishment right in America does not represent my views , they the conservative establishment right in this country does not represent my views just as much to blame for the disaster taking place in America as the left , the alt right to me is fiscal responsibility , secure borders , enforcement of immigration laws , ending the PC culture , and promoting AMERICA FIRST ( Not Sharia First ) " he continued . " If you come to this America , follow the laws , learn our language , and love the country America are equal , no matter your color , or religion . Basically    is to separate ourselves from the failing establishment right . " Sean attended Clinton ’s rally in Reno , Nevada , to see just what Clinton would say Clinton the movement . Got escorted out of the Hillary Rally for yelling " Pepe " and " https :   . " haha @PrisonPlanet @Cernovich @RealAlexJones ,   —    Dowski ( @SeanLewandowski ) August 25 , 2016 ,   " I had been planning on attending since I first read she was coming Clinton Reno , originally I had no intention of doing anything other than documenting the event on Periscope   …      then she started attacking Clinton true patriot , and someone I really look up to , Alex Jones " claimed Sean . " Misrepresenting his Sandy Hook Alex Jones , misrepresenting what a ‘ False Flag’ is and discrediting his history of Alex Jones work , so I let out a cheer when she mentioned his Clinton , Alex Jones when she was done Clinton her talking point Clinton I yelled " InfoWars . com ! " . " She also attacked Clinton and Steve Bannon personally , trying to discredit him and Breitbart Breitbart which has some of the best reporting on the net , along with InfoWars and Drudge InfoWars To name drop all these sites tells me that her campaign is Clinton panic mode and is getting desperate . " As for the ‘ Pepe’ shout   …      She gave me Clinton opening by saying " alt right " with a bit of a pause , so I pounced . It was just to kind of throw off her false narrative Clinton a shout out to the fellow patriots on " Frog Twitter " for all their hard work in trying to get Donald Trump into the White House . About 3 seconds after I screamed " Pepe " I was escorted out by Secret Service " .   You can watch Sean ’s Periscope footage from the event here . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 