Reddit users have begun a campaign titled # SendEmSalt where Reddit users send The New York Times offices large bags of salt , ridiculing the publication for Reddit users angry ( or " salty " ) reaction to the election of Donald Trump . [ Users in     Reddit ’s largest Donald Trump supporting community , posted a thread three days ago titled , " # SendEmSalt : An attempt to deliver 1 ton of salt to the New York Times " . Within the a thread user     writes , " While I was viewing the frontpage today , I was inspired by one ‘ Pede ’s [ a term short for centipede that refers to Trump Donald Trump ] act of sending the NYT 25 pounds of salt . So , I thought we could follow in this brave patriot ’s footsteps and pool together to send the New York Times an entire literal ton of salt . "   The symbolic gesture of sending bags of salt appears to be a commentary on what many of Reddit ’s    Trump supporting community view as an angry reaction to the election by the New the New York Times Trump himself has claimed Trump supporting community view as an angry reaction to the election by the New York Times publications , the NYT treated him " the roughest of all " Trump supporting community view as an angry reaction to the election by the New York Times " I have great respect for The New York Times . the New York Times ’s very special , " said Trump in a meeting with the NYT ,   " Trump supporting community view as an angry reaction to the election by the New York Times think I ’ve been the NYT rough . It ’s well out there that I ’ve been treated extremely It in a sense , in a true sense . I would n’t only complain about The Times . I would say The Times the New York Times the New York Times roughest of all . the New York Times the New York Times     on Reddit , a total number of 105    pound bags of salt have been sent , 16 more than was needed to make up the full ton of salt that users hoped to send to the New York Times offices .   Breitbart reached out to the NYT for comment asking whether or not they had received the bags and if so how many . In an email to Breitbart , New York Times Senior Vice President of Communications , Eileen Murphy Breitbart confirmed nor denied whether or not the salt had been received but did say " If they [ the bags of salt ] had been received , our practice they be to put them in dumpsters directly in the mailroom . " This may come as they [the bags of salt] had been received news for the many Reddit users who hoped that the salt would be put to good use , perhaps in a local the salt , " DEAR NYT , when you get this salt , please donate it to somewhere that needs it , like a the salt kitchen . Do n’t the salt hoard it or send the salt back . Do something good with it . "     wrote the salt his initial the salt thread .   Users are continuing the salt send salt .   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 