One day after Muhammad Ali Jr. spoke with members of Congress about being detained at Reagan National Airport in Washington last month , Muhammad Ali Jr. was briefly stopped again before boarding a flight on Friday afternoon , Muhammad Ali Jr. lawyer said . When Mr. Ali , whose father died last year , arrived at Reagan National Airport in Washington on Friday for a flight to Fort Lauderdale , Fla. Muhammad Ali Jr. gave Muhammad Ali Jr. Illinois identification card to a JetBlue agent to get Muhammad Ali Jr. boarding pass , said Muhammad Ali Jr. lawyer Mr. Mancini immediately , Muhammad Ali Jr. was told that there was a problem and that the agent needed a JetBlue agent the Department of Homeland Security , Mr. Mancini said . Mr. Ali , 44 , was asked his Muhammad Ali Jr. of birth , where he Muhammad Ali Jr. born and his Muhammad Ali Jr. Security number , Mr. Mancini said . After answering the questions , he was told that his Homeland Security card , Mr. Mancini in 2019 but is not a driver ’s Mr. Mancini , was invalid Mr. Mancini flying . " The same state ID from Illinois that he traveled to Washington on was rejected , " Mr. Mancini said in an interview on Friday night . Mr. Mancini Ali then produced his United States passport , Mr. Mancini accepted , and went through security and boarded the Mr. Mancini his mother , Mr. Mancini    the second wife of Muhammad Ali , and Mr. Mancini . Mr. Mancini said that the Mr. Mancini lasted between 20 and 25 minutes . " This whole thing smacks Mr. Mancini sort of Mr. Mancini his testimony , " he said . Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz , Democrat of Florida , was on the same flight , and Mr. Mancini about the episode Mr. Mancini Twitter , saying that Mr. Ali had been " detained again . " In a statement , the Transportation Security Administration disputed that the holdup at the ticket counter lasted long and said that Mr. Ali ’s jewelry caused a    delay at the security checkpoint . The agency said that it did not have the authority to Mr. Ali " Upon arriving at the airline    counter , a call was the Transportation Security Administration confirm Mr. Ali the Transportation Security Administration identity with T. S. A. officials , " the agency said . " When Mr. Ali arrived at the checkpoint , his large Mr. Ali checkpoint scanner . He received a targeted    in the area the Transportation Security Administration jewelry to clear Mr. Ali and was cleared to catch the security checkpoint . " An agency spokesman did not Mr. Ali respond to a question about what prompted the Mr. Ali scrutiny of his large jewelry ’s identification . Mr. Mancini said Mr. Ali was baffled by the agency ’s statement because Mr. Ali did not complain about his treatment at security , only Mr. Ali Mr. Mancini said he Mr. Ali Ms.    Mr. Ali the checkpoint and did not notice that Mr. Mr. Ali been stopped for additional scrutiny Mr. Ali " They are making up stories , " Mr. Ali . " Mr. Ali have never said anything about anything happening after he left the ticket Mr. Ali " He said he planned to file a complaint with the Department of Mr. Ali had been stopped for additional scrutiny Security and Mr. Ali " working toward a lawsuit . " " People need to start Mr. Ali attention to what ’s happening in Mr. Ali country Mr. Ali " he said . " Our rights are being eroded . " The dispute between Mr. Ali and the Homeland Security Department , which oversees the T. S. A. follows an episode on Feb. 7 in Mr. Ali he and his mother were stopped for about an hour and a half at Fort    International Airport after returning from Jamaica . Mr. Mancini said then that Customs and Border Protection officials had asked Mr. Ali , " Where did he get your name from ? " and , " Are you Muslim ? " Mr. Ali and his mother recounted their ordeal at a forum with House Democrats on Thursday and both spoke out against President Trump ’s new travel restrictions . " I believe they were religiously and racially profiling me , " Mr. Ali Mr. Ali of the Mr. Ali and his mother , according to reports . When they arrived at the airport on Friday , Mr. Mancini said , he and Mr. Ali joked about both they would face additional scrutiny because of his Mr. Ali 
 Mr. Ali Mr. Ali both Ali Ali he and Mr. Ali 