During the May 21 " Weekend Update " on Saturday Night Live , hosts Michael Che and Colin Jost mocked Donald Trump for claiming Hillary Clinton wants to " abolish the Second Amendment . " [ Michael Che pointed to Donald Trump speech at Friday ’s NRA Leadership Forum , in which Trump Donald Trump Hillary Hillary Clinton to " abolish the Second Amendment . "   Michael Che rejected Trump Donald Trump , instead intimating that Hillary simply Hillary Clinton to put more and more gun controls in place for    citizens .   Michael Che said : During a speech to the NRA Trump claimed that Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton abolish the Second Amendment , " which is just not true . Look , NRA , no the NRA Trump is trying to take your guns away from you . We the NRA Trump how the NRA Trump you need them for the your guns , and your daughter ’s wedding , and to fry bacon on . Look , it ’s easy for me to say because I ’m from big , fancy New York City and I never have to musket a possum in the face for supper , but I assure you nobody is trying to take your precious guns your guns —   except maybe a curious toddler , which , ironically , is exactly why Hillary Clinton is trying to prevent this .   In the real world , Clinton supports taking an entire Hillary Clinton category of guns away from Americans via an " assault weapons " ban . Moreover , on October 16 Breitbart News reported that Clinton spoke favorably of an Hillary Clinton larger confiscation modeled after Australia ’s 1996 gun confiscation mandate . She said Australia ’s gun Hillary Clinton was Australia’s looking at " for gun policy in the U. S. More recently —   on May 10 —   Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin tried Hillary Clinton dismiss a Trump speech on Clinton ’s gun control machinations Hillary Clinton she does not want an    Hillary Clinton of the Second Amendment . Rather , she wants to reverse the Supreme Hillary Clinton ’s Heller decision , thereby    the door for cities and states to enact gun bans and other controls . Huffington Post quoted Schwerin saying , " Of course Hillary Clinton does not want to Hillary Clinton Second Amendment . " But he stressed the Second Amendment believes Heller was wrongly decided Huffington Post that cities and states should Heller the power to craft common sense laws to keep their residents safe . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at AWR Hawkins . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 