Pop star Lady Gaga was burned on social media late Monday , with fans furious that the singer " dressed literally like a Nazi " while speaking at Hillary Clinton ’s final campaign rally . [ Pop star Lady Gaga took the stage at a midnight rally in Raleigh , North Carolina for one final push to support Hillary Clinton’s heading into Election Day .   But rallygoers and those watching at home apparently became distracted by the " Poker Face " singer ’s bizarre outfit , which featured a red armband and high ,    collar that some social media users likened to a Nazi uniform . At a midnight rally 4 @HillaryClinton , @ladygaga said @ladygaga loud   clear , twice : # BlackLivesMatter@Blklivesmatter @mvmt4bl @BYP_100 @ShowUp4RJ pic . twitter .    —    Brendan Orsinger ( @ToBeSelfEvident ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Before performing her song " Angel Down , " about the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , the singer shouted " Black Lives Matter ! " into the microphone , to enthusiastic applause . But it was the   ’s apparel that received that most reaction on social media . Lady Gaga accidentally dressed like a Nazi at Hillary Clinton ’s Presidential rally : 😳 https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Digital Spy ( @digitalspy ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Some social media users quickly likened the singer ’s outfit to those of the Nazis . Lady Gaga is dressed Literally like a Nazi   …     literally God help us if these ppl win .   —    James Mays ( @maysisme ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Gaga Lady Gaga wore a designer outfit that resembles a Nazi to a presidential rally   …     .   —    la vie en rose ( @kyliealexanderx ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Why did Lady Lady Gaga dressing up as a nazi to support a candidate was smart ?   —    kevin growney ( @K3V_Grow ) November 8 , 2016 ,   What in the hell is @ladygaga wearing ? Why does she look like a Nazi ? # ImWithHer ,   —    Andrea Katherine ( @STL_Blonde ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Lady Gaga Lady Gaga a Nazi uniform at a Hillary rally last night , so it looks like the Election has reached it ’s peak the Election   —    Matt Nelson ( @MNelson_ISU ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Did no one say to Lady Gaga , Lady Gaga that ’s a great outfit but maybe something less .. what ’s the word I ’m looking for ?   …      oh yeah " less Nazi . "   —    Ed Gallagher ( @ejgallagher1 ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Others saw Gaga ’s outfit as Lady Gaga that people have likened the wrong presidential candidate to Adolf Hitler . Lady Gaga dressed like Lady Gaga at Hillarys NC rally   …      And they kept saying Trump was Hitler ? ?   — Adolf Hitler Kim Jong Cade ( @CadeMacemore ) November 8 , 2016 ,   niggas gone compare trump to hitler but ignore Trump lady Adolf Hitler wore a nazi Lady Gaga that hillary is a war monger sending out daughters to war ?   —    julien luciano ( @unclejuju3rd ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Some of the singer ’s fan have pointed out that Lady Gaga ’s outfit Monday night Lady Gaga similar to the black military jacket Michael Jackson wore to the White House in 1990 . Lady Gaga is wearing Michael Jackson ’s Lady Gaga he wore to Michael Jackson House in 1990 pic Michael Jackson twitter . the White House austin ( @imaustinbye ) November 8 , 2016 ,     Earlier in the night , Gaga encouraged the crowd of Clinton supporters to Lady Gaga stand up " and " be a part of history . " " We want you to stand up . Be a part of history . What I ’m asking you is to be in this moment right now , with us , and fight for your future and the future of We children , " she said . Gaga was joined later We Lady Gaga evening by Lady Gaga Bon Jovi , and the pair sang an acoustic version of his song " Living On a Prayer . " . @ladygaga and @BonJovi sing # livingonaprayer together at # MidnightRally for @HillaryClinton @wfmy pic . twitter .    —    Hope Ford ( @hope_iam ) November 8 , 2016 ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 