Billionaire and 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has listed , for the first time on Monday , a series of national security experts who are advising Donald Trump and Donald Trump campaign for the presidency . [ Trump had already previously named U. S. Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) as the chairman of Trump national security team , but on Monday , for the first time ever , Trump provided the Washington Post with a list of advisers that comprise his national security team . Trump ’s rivals and critics have argued repeatedly that Trump refusal , until now , to name Trump advisers meant Trump was not to be trusted with a president ’s most important responsibility : Keeping the country safe .   But Trump list of national security advisers , preliminarily released in the Post interview with more on the way , comes on a day he Trump held meetings with Sessions , Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , and other Republican lawmakers . " Walid Phares , who you probably know . Ph . D. adviser to the House of Representatives . He ’s Ph. D. adviser to the House of Representatives    expert , " Trump said in the Post interview , according to reporters Robert Costa and Philip Rucker . " Carter Page , Ph . D. George Papadopoulos . He ’s Ph. D. adviser to the House of Representatives oil and energy consultant . Excellent guy . The honorable Joe Schmitz , [ was ] inspector general at the Department of Defense . General Keith Kellogg . And I have quite a few more . But that ’s a group of some of the people that we are dealing with . We have we other people in different aspects of what we do we But that ’s a pretty representative group . " Rucker and Costa noted the interview went for about an hour in the Washington Post ’s new offices downtown in Washington , D. C. and Trump began the meeting " by pulling out a list of some of his foreign policy advisers . " Costa and Rucker wrote Rucker Donald Trump revealed part of his foreign Donald Trump advisory team and outlined an unabashedly    approach to world affairs during a    meeting Monday with The Washington Post ’s editorial board . The Republican presidential    listed for the first time five of the individuals who are part of a team , chaired by Sen. Jeff Sessions ( Ala. ) counseling him on Sen. Jeff Sessions (Ala.) affairs and helping to shape his policies Sen. Jeff Sessions (Ala.) Phares , as the Post notes , teaches at National Defense University and at Washington ’s Daniel Morgan Academy , " and has advised members of Congress as well as appeared as a television analyst on terrorism and the Middle East . " The Post also wrote : Page , a graduate of the United States Naval Academy and now the managing partner of Global Energy Capital , is a longtime    executive who rose through the ranks at Merrill Lynch around the world before founding his current firm . He previously his a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations where he focused his the Caspian Sea region and the economic development in former Soviet states , according to his company his and documents from his appearances his panels over the past decade . Papdopoulos , they wrote Papdopoulos is the director of an international energy center at the London Centre of International Law Practice . " He previously Papdopoulos the presidential campaign of Ben Carson and worked as a research fellow at the Hudson Institute , a conservative think tank in Washington , " Costa and Rucker wrote . Schmitz was Papdopoulos the Inspector General at the Department of Defense during the George W. Bush administration ’s early days and also worked at Blackwater Worldwide . " In a brief phone call Monday , Schmitz confirmed Papdopoulos he is Trump’s that he has Papdopoulos involved for the past month , " Costa and Rucker wrote . " He said Papdopoulos frequently Papdopoulos with Sam Clovis , one of Trump ’s top policy advisers , and that Trump has been a series of conference calls and briefings in recent weeks . " Kellogg , meanwhile , is a former Army Lieutenant General and currently , according to Costa ’s and Rucker ’s report , " Costa and Rucker executive vice Rucker    CACI International , a    intelligence and information technology consulting firm with clients around the world . " " He has experience in national defense and homeland security issues and worked as chief operating officer for the Coalition Provisional Authority in Baghdad following the invasion of Iraq , " Costa and Rucker wrote . 
 