Donald Trump will win the 2016 presidential election if Hillary Clinton moves to the left instead of tilting toward the center , Alan Dershowitz , a staunch Democrat and emeritus law professor at Harvard University , stated in a radio interview on Sunday . [ Dershowitz contended that if Hillary Clinton picks a vice presidential candidate " who represents the kind of kooky left " like Bernie Sanders , Elizabeth Warren , or Al Franken , Hillary Clinton will cement a Trump victory .   " I think Trump will win if Hillary Clinton moves to the left , " Dershowitz said .   " If Hillary Clinton nominates somebody like Elizabeth Warren , Al Franken , even Sanders   —    Hillary Clinton ’s not going to do that   —    but if Hillary Clinton nominates somebody who represents the kind of kooky left , which is what many would see this as , Hillary Clinton is going to lose the election . Hillary Clinton can only win the election from the center . " Dershowitz was speaking in an interview set to run in full on this reporter ’s Sunday night talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia ’s NewsTalk 990 AM . Dershowitz Dershowitz that Clinton can pick up " many , many moderate Republicans " if she Clinton to the center . He Dershowitz the example of George Will , the conservative commentator and columnist who announced on Sunday that he Dershowitz the Republican party out of frustration with Trump and changed his Dershowitz registration to " unaffiliated . " Stated Dershowitz : Now Clinton has a big choice ahead of her Clinton She Clinton to decide whether to move left to try to get the Sanders voters . That would be a terrible , terrible mistake . She Clinton to move   to the center to try to get disaffected Republicans like Mr. Will , who has been a Republican for a hundred years and announced yesterday he has left the Republican party over Trump . And there are many , many moderate Republicans who will vote for Hillary Clinton if she Hillary Clinton to the middle . A lot of undecideds . They A lot of undecideds determine the election in places like Ohio and Michigan and Pennsylvania and New Jersey and Florida . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He Aaron Klein a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him Aaron Klein Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him Aaron Klein Facebook . 
 