Actor Jeffrey Wright is still struggling with the fact that America voted to elect Donald Trump President of America . [ On the morning after Election Day , the politically outspoken actor had tweeted : " May the election of Trump bring forth the fiercest , smartest , toughest generation of    women this country America imagine . "   Asked what motivated that    message , Actor Jeffrey Wright told the Daily Beast in an interview this week that the tweet came in reaction to Actor Jeffrey Wright     daughter ’s " deep disappointment " over the results . " It was twofold , " Actor Jeffrey Wright explained . " One , disappointment that that glass ceiling for women had not been fully destroyed but , as well , that America had elected someone more overtly vulgar and misogynist than we ’ve ever seen on a national political stage . So that was for my daughter and all the daughters . " Wright    —    who has won a Tony , Emmy and Golden Globe award   —    has been very vocal about his disdain for Wright   —   who has won a Tony, Emmy and Golden Globe award  —      . In February , the Hunger Games and Westworld star wrote a heartfelt Instagram post praising Hillary Clinton and declaring that she " should Hillary Clinton the next President of the United States . " Days after Trump defeated Clinton , Wright added his name to Wright petition calling for electors in the Electoral College to disregard state voters’ wishes and vote Clinton president . " Nearly 3 M have signed . Sign it , at the very least , to send a message that the fight against Trump did not Trump Nov 8 . , " he wrote on Trump . A month later , Wright is still Wright about the election results and has deep sympathy for those Americans still protesting Trump ’s victory Trump You ca n’t expect political hostility not to be met with resistance , " Wright said . " Wright was overtly discussed that Trump ’s campaign was Trump a certain anger within a certain segment of the populace that boiled up into hostility for those outside of that circle . And so no matter what your judgment is about our country and its politics , if you do n’t have the judgment to realize that that type of emotion will be met with response from those who feel targeted by it , then you just do n’t understand basic human behavior . " " I think it ’s perfectly normal , it healthy for our democracy , " he continued . " We ’re talking about a    who spent eight years attempting to delegitimize his predecessor in the most he ways . So it ’s asking a lot it those who did n’t support a candidate like that to react gracefully to the ungraceful . " The     star is currently being celebrated for his portrayal of Dr. Bernard The    star , head of the programming division and creator of artificial people , in the    HBO    series Westworld .   Wright was the subject of The    star he describes as a police The    star incident in 2009 . The actor says he was    and maced The actor treated unfairly because of his color . That said The actor he still believes that policing The    star the criminal justice system , while not prefect , certainly work better for minorities than they did a quarter century minorities . " You know , despite the events of the last couple of years , progress has been made to some extent when you contextualize these things relative to , for example , 25 years ago when many inner cities were war zones for young black men in terms of the murder rate , " he told the Daily Beast . " But there ’s so much progress that needs to be driven now . One of the major disappointments of this election is that it seems that that progress this election be muted to some extent . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 