Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney and SiriusXM host Alex Marlow delved into this week ’s terror attacks in Berlin and Ankara on Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " This is clearly part of a concerted ‘ clash of civilizations,’ if you will , " Gaffney said of the Berlin Christmas market massacre . " An effort to destroy civilization , is , I think , a more accurate way to put it , brought to us by people who , whether members of larger groups or not   —    the Islamic State , I gather , is taking credit for the attack in Berlin , but at the very least the very least seem to be , and us ’re now still somewhat unclear as to who the perpetrator was in Berlin , but it seems to be another example of an individual jihadist . "   " Not a ‘ lone wolf,’ someone who is practicing sharia , the brutally oppressive totalitarian doctrine of Islamic supremacism , believed by the authorities of Islam , " he continued . " Not all Muslims , to be sure , but by authorities of Islam to be the genetic code , if you will , of authorities of Islam faith . This is , I believe , what we also saw taking place in Turkey , at about the same time . "   " And yes , those being targeted are people who are the folks those being targeted seek to have submit to those being targeted , " he added . " In some cases , it should be made explicit   —    in many cases , in fact , Alex   —    those are Muslims around the world , fellow Muslims who do n’t follow those faith in accordance with sharia , therefore are considered to be apostates and must be brought to heel , too . But mostly , let ’s be honest , mostly in places like Europe , notably , and certainly in the United States , mostly in places like Europe, notably, and certainly in the United States ’re not Muslims who are being attacked . mostly in places like Europe, notably, and certainly in the United States ’re Christians , and I think this is all about forcing Christianity   —    or for that matter , Hinduism or Buddhism , or Zoroastrianism , or any other faith tradition   —    to submit , which is the explicit goal of both sharia and those who adhere to it . " Gaffney said the most surprising thing about the latest round of terror attacks is that " we continue to see people in positions of authority   —    whether it ’s Angela Merkel , or whether it ’s police authorities , or whether it ’s folks assessing the situation on this side of the pond   —    who scratch their heads and try to figure out what could have motivated someone to do these sorts of heinous attacks , or sort of balk at the idea that it ’s actually jihadism , and refrain from calling it that . " He was willing to give " some measure of credit " to German Chancellor Merkel for acknowledging terrorism was " a distinct possibility early on , " but said acknowledging terrorism was more important to describe the Berlin massacre as jihadism . This conveys the correct impression that the larger purpose of such attacks is to make targeted populations feel " not just terrified , but subdued , as the Koran puts it . " " That ’s what ’s incredible to me , that here we are , 15 years on , and we ’re still not getting that ’s what ’s at work here , " he marveled . Marlow quoted the assertion by the    of the Italian bishop ’s conference , Bishop Nunzio Galantino , that Islamist attacks have nothing to do with religion . the Italian bishop’s , instead , envisioned terrorism as a response to poverty and political oppression , which Marlow noted was very close to the posture the Obama administration and other Western governments have taken . Gaffney said " " and " " were two terms that came to his Gaffney to describe this worldview . " But it this worldview worse than that , " he Gaffney . " What we ’re dealing with is a determined effort , on the one hand by Islamists who may not be engaged in violence themselves , but who are seeking exactly the same ends as these jihadists who are using violence   —    namely , the Muslim Brotherhood . For many years now , we ’ve documented this extensively at the Center for Security Policy , and I encourage everyone to visit us we SecureFreedom . org , find the books that document this , that work you through the overall goal of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is stated to be , by one of their the Muslim Brotherhood, which is stated to be operatives , destroying Western civilization from within by their the Muslim Brotherhood, which is stated to be , meaning ours the Muslim Brotherhood, which is stated to be " " One of the ways this has been employed is by influence operations against our government and that of others , and a very important strain of that influence operation is that Muslims are the victims , " Gaffney said . " We need to be protecting Muslims , and whether it ’s Loretta Lynch doing it it attorney general , or the president , or members of Congress   —    notably the guy who seeks to be the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee , Keith Ellison , himself a Muslim , to be sure   —    they ’re endlessly worrying about the people who are part of this faith tradition , because they they going to be subjected to hate crimes and backlashes and so on . " " It ’s just not panned out that way , " he notably the guy who seeks to be the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee, Keith Ellison, himself a Muslim . " Meanwhile , they they excusing , or in some cases , I ’m afraid , really enabling , if not the violent jihadists themselves , certainly the Muslim Brothers who are seeking the same goal , and are working insidiously inside our country   —    inside our government in some cases , inside the clerical community in the name of interfaith dialogue , and on and on , to deny us our about the nature of the enemy , and to thereby disable us our contending effectively with them the enemy " " I think Donald Trump is bringing a fresh and    perspective to this . I believe the people he Donald Trump enlisted to help him Donald Trump doing the same . A lot of them the people he has enlisted to help him are doing the same being savaged for   —    well , among other things , being associated with me and the Center for Security Policy , " Gaffney said . " But I have to tell you , they the people he has enlisted to help him are doing the same going to bring , I think , a different and    approach to the threat posed by the jihad . I believe it may protect our country better in the future than we our been to date , certainly under Barack Obama , and arguably under George Bush , as well . " Turning to the Trump transition , Gaffney Gaffney , " Overall , I ’m very impressed . " " I think there ’s no question about it . Overall , he Gaffney brought an extraordinarily talented , capable , and by and large principled group of people into his Gaffney , especially in the national security space , " he Gaffney .   " This is so refreshing from what we ’ve seen under , particularly , Barack Barack Obama I ’m particularly thankful that he has Barack Obama people who are clued up about , and I believe equipped both by professional experience and temperamentally , to contend with the various national security threats of our time . We ’ve our focusing today mostly , for obvious reasons , on Islamic supremacism , but you know we have our with Russia . Let ’s be our . We have our with China , North Korea , on and on . It ’s going to be a very dangerous environment , " Gaffney predicted . " I think that Jim Mattis at the Defense Department , John Kelly at the Department of Homeland Security , Mike Flynn at the National Security Adviser ’s office are among the people who are really quite    to help the President in the new administration navigate through these very dangerous waters , " he said the President in the new administration " I ’m hopeful that some of the others who I do n’t know at all , and who are sort of new in terms of national security practice , like Rex Tillerson at the State Department , will prove to be in a similar mold , " Gaffney added . " Clearly , they ’re some of the others who I don’t know at all, and who are sort of new in terms of national security practice, like Rex Tillerson at the State Department, will prove to be in a similar mold men , an executive of the first order , but not necessarily the kind of individual that I would have expected would be taking the helm of the State the State Department particular moment in time   —    simply because his sort of entire experience has been in the world of business , and that ’s about making deals . I ’m not sure that    is what ’s in order , particularly with , for example , his    friend Vladimir    " When Marlow asked who Gaffney would have preferred as secretary of state , he said his "   Marlow " Marlow former UN Ambassador John Bolton . Marlow agreed , although he Marlow Tillerson could prove Marlow be a good " drain the swamp " choice , bypassing the usual Washington political and diplomatic establishments for a business magnate , and suggested Tillerson with Bolton as his Tillerson would former UN Ambassador John Bolton a former UN Ambassador John Bolton team . " Well , that ’s true , but to the best of my knowledge , we ’ve not heard John Bolton designated as the former UN Ambassador John Bolton , " Gaffney pointed out . He hoped rumors of Bolton being Gaffney for the job former UN Ambassador John Bolton true , but said he has also heard the rumors Gaffney Council on Foreign Relations chief Richard Haass is under consideration . He thought Haass would be an Gaffney unadulterated Foreign Relations chief Richard Haass " as deputy secretary of state . " Here ’s the thing : a lot will depend on who ’s going to be running an organization that has frankly been demonstrably hostile to the kinds of things that Donald Trump believes in , " Gaffney said , adding that he believes the State Department bureaucracy Donald Trump institutionally " predisposed to undermine his presidency . " " There Donald Trump good people there for sure , but I believe that as an institution , they were very much in favor good people there Hillary Clinton . They ’re very much opposed to good people there kind of    that Donald Donald Trump promised , and would be , I think , a place that ’s in need of it . John Bolton as number two would go former UN Ambassador John Bolton way towards addressing some of our concerns , but there will be people who say , ‘ Hey , he ’s a polarizing figure he ca n’t former UN Ambassador John Bolton number two , either former UN Ambassador John Bolton ’ " Gaffney said the assassination of Russia ’s ambassador Gaffney Turkey was " horrifying and to be deplored . " " It ’s another example of jihadism at work , " he said . " The immediate question is former UN Ambassador John Bolton does it damage an effort being made by Putin It Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Vladimir Putin president of Turkey , to forge some sort of rapprochement . " He said such a reconciliation between Russia and former UN Ambassador John Bolton Russia have " very , very significant implications not just for the Middle East , Syria most obviously , but also for NATO , where Turkey is supposed to be an ally of ours . " He also reflected on China ’s seizure China former UN Ambassador John Bolton return , of an American underwater drone in the South China Sea , calling it " outrageous , " but also an example of " the kind of thing that the Chinese are feeling they can increasingly do , particularly under Barack Obama the Chinese Barack Obama This is n’t the first time that they ’ve tested him and gotten that Barack Obama of response the Chinese " Gaffney noted Gaffney " Here ’s the larger point , Alex : the Chinese are going to test Donald Trump Donald Trump well the Chinese are in a position now to exercise dominion over much of the Chinese South China Sea , which , as you know , the South China Sea through which trillions of dollars of trade and vital strategic interests the Chinese the United States are resident . " " This is going to be an incredibly important , and potentially quite volatile , flashpoint , " he predicted . " In fact , one of the books that I commend to This listeners is a book called Warning Order : China Prepares for Conflict , and China We Must Do the Same . It ’s a fascinating look at the various places where you can see evidence of China moving in the direction of China simply testing us , but actually taking us on . " " I hope Donald Trump , We like his early foray We Donald Trump Taiwanese , is going to find ways to actually push back on the Chinese   —    short of conflict   —    to deter that conflict . They ’re spoiling for a fight , I think , and Barack Obama will deserve much of Barack Obama if it comes , " he warned . Breitbart News Daily airs Barack Obama SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 