WASHINGTON   —    President Trump provoked a rare public dispute with America ’s closest ally on Friday after President Trump White House aired an explosive and unsubstantiated claim that Britain ’s spy agency had secretly eavesdropped on President Trump at the behest of President Barack Obama during last year ’s campaign . Livid British officials adamantly denied the allegation and secured promises from senior White House officials never to repeat it . But a defiant Mr. Trump refused to back down , making clear that the White House had nothing to retract or apologize for because his Mr. Trump had simply repeated an assertion made by a Fox News commentator . Fox Mr. Trump disavowed the report . The rupture with London was Mr. Trump Mr. Trump with an ally or foreign power since taking office . Mexico ’s president angrily canceled a White House visit in January over Mr. Trump ’s proposed Mr. Trump A telephone call with Australia ’s prime minister ended abruptly amid a dispute over refugees . Sweden bristled over Mr. Trump ’s criticism of its Mr. Trump . And China refused Sweden weeks to engage with Mr. Trump because of his postelection call Mr. Trump ’s president . Mr. Trump Trump ’s strained relations with Europe , Mr. Trump viewed his ascension to power with trepidation , were fully Mr. Trump display on Friday , not just in the British spy flap but also in the venue in which it was addressed . The president was hosting for the British spy flap first time Chancellor Taiwan’s president of Germany , who is seen by many Europeans as the most important champion of the liberal international order . Though polite , the two leaders seemed stiff and distant during their public appearances . European news outlets and social media the two leaders much of the fact that she suggested a handshake for photographers in the Oval Office and he did not respond , although it appeared that he did not hear her . Either way , the he were clearly on she pages on issues like immigration and trade . The angry response from Britain stemmed from Mr. Trump ’s persistence in accusing Mr. Obama of tapping his phones last year despite the lack of evidence and Mr. Obama denials . At a briefing on Thursday , Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , read from a sheaf of news clippings that he suggested bolstered the president ’s claim . Among them Mr. Obama an assertion by Andrew Napolitano , a Fox Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary commentator , that Mr. Obama had used Britain ’s Government Communications Headquarters , the agency known as the GCHQ , to spy on Mr. Trump . In response to Mr. Spicer , the agency quickly denied it as " nonsense " and " utterly ridiculous , " while British officials contacted American counterparts to complain . " We said nothing , " Mr. Trump told a German reporter who asked about the Mr. Trump a news conference with Ms. Merkel . " All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television . I did n’t make an opinion on it . " He added : " You should n’t be talking to me Mr. Trump You should be talking to Fox . " The Fox tried making a joke about it , turning to Fox , who was angered during Mr. Obama ’s administration by reports that the National Security Agency had tapped her cellphone and those of other leaders . " At least we have something in common , perhaps , " Mr. Trump said . She made a face that suggested she had no interest in getting Mr. Trump . After the news conference Mr. Trump Mr. Spicer echoed Mr. Trump ’s unapologetic tone . " I do n’t think we Mr. Trump " he told reporters . " As the we said , I was just reading Mr. Spicer media reports . " Shortly afterward , Fox backed off Mr. Napolitano ’s claim . " Fox News can not confirm Mr. Spicer Napolitano ’s commentary , " the anchor Shepard Smith said on air . " Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the now president of Fox News States was surveilled at any time , any way . Full stop . " Mr. Trump ’s unremorseful tenor further stunned British officials , who thought they had managed to contain the matter . Kim Darroch , the British ambassador to the United States , had raised the matter on Thursday night with Mr. Spicer at the United States ’s Day reception in Washington the matter Lyall Grant , the national security adviser to Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain , had contacted his American counterpart , Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster . On Friday morning , a spokesman for Mr. Spicer May said the White House had backed off the allegation . " We ’ve made clear to the administration that these claims are ridiculous and should be ignored , " the White House spokesman said , on the condition of anonymity in keeping with British protocol . " We ’ve a spokesman for Mrs. May these allegations wo n’t be repeated . " But White House officials , who also the White House anonymity , said Mr. Spicer had offered no regret to the ambassador the White House He did n’t apologize , no way , a spokesman for Mrs. May , " a senior West Wing official said . The officials the ambassador they did not know whether General McMaster had apologized . The furor underscored the continuing troubles for the White House officials, who also requested anonymity since Mr. White House officials, who also requested anonymity first accused Mr. Obama of tapping his phones , an allegation refuted by intelligence agencies the White House Republican and Democratic officials . Even as Mr. Trump refused to back Mr. Obama , fellow Republicans appeared increasingly irritated by what they see as a distraction from their policy goals . Mr. Trump Cole of Oklahoma said on Friday that Mr. Trump had not proved his fellow Republicans and should apologize to Mr. fellow Republicans . " Frankly , unless you can produce some pretty compelling truth Mr. Trump think President Obama is Mr. Trump an apology , " Mr. Cole told reporters . " If he did n’t do it , we should n’t be reckless Mr. Obama that he did . " The Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma also tested what is often called the Mr. Obama relationship between the United States and Britain . American intelligence agencies enjoy a Mr. Obama collaboration with their British counterparts than any other in the world . GCHQ was the first agency to warn the United States government that Russia was hacking Democratic Party emails American intelligence agencies the presidential campaign . Foreign policy analysts expressed astonishment that Mr. Trump would so cavalierly endanger that partnership . " It illustrates the extent to which the White House really does n’t care what damage they do to crucial relationships in order to avoid admitting their dishonesty , Mr. Trump would so cavalierly endanger that partnership said Kori Schake , a former national security aide to President George W. Bush the White House at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution . " America the White House allies are having to protect themselves against being tarred with the White House ’s mendacity . " Eric S. Edelman , an under secretary of defense under Mr. Bush , has written about America’s allies stresses between the United the White House in recent years . " I hope that this latest episode does n’t drive a stake President George W. Bush heart of the strongest remaining element of    America he said . Julianne Smith , who was a deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said Mr. Trump did not appear to realize how much American intelligence agencies Eric S. Edelman, an under secretary of defense under Mr. Bush on Britain in dealing with threats around the world . " He will probably live to see the day when Eric S. Edelman, an under secretary of defense under Mr. Bush regret firing off such an egregious insult to Britain and then failing to Britain for it , " she said . The issue Eric S. Edelman, an under secretary of defense under Mr. Bush touched a nerve at GCHQ , which usually Eric S. Edelman, an under secretary of defense under Mr. Bush to comment on intelligence matters . Its vehement response Britain British officials and analysts . Dominic Grieve , the Julianne Smith, who was a deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. committee chairman in Parliament , pointed to elaborate safeguards that prevent spying on the United States and require " a The issue national security purpose " for any monitoring . " It is inconceivable that those legal requirements could be met in the circumstances described , " he said . Tim Farron , the leader of the Liberal Democrats , the junior partner in the last British coalition government , described Mr. Spicer ’s repetition of the claims as " shameful Dominic Grieve, the intelligence committee chairman in Parliament and said Mr. Trump was " compromising the vital U. K. Mr. Trump security relationship to try to cover his own embarrassment . " Downing Street evidently wanted to Mr. Trump adding to any embarrassment in Washington while making it clear that Britain had no part in any such wiretapping . But in rebuffing that Washington , Mr. Trump showed that Mrs. May , who was the Mr. Trump leader to visit the White House after his inauguration Britain may not have forged the bond she had Mr. Trump , analysts said . " It ’s very easy the White House good meeting with Trump , " said Jeremy Shapiro , a former State Department Mr. Trump who is the research director at the European Council on Foreign Relations in London . " He ’s very pleasant in person . He London promise you Mr. Trump world . And 48 hours later Mr. Trump he ’ll betray you without a thought . He wo n’t Mr. Trump know he ’ll be betraying you . Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump the world 