Sunday on CNN ’s " Reliable Sources , " while discussing the moderator ’s role of   fact checking during the presidential debates , the executive director of the Commission on Presidential Debates , Janet Brown said , " I do n’t think it ’s a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopedia Britannica .   And I think it it better for that person to facilitate and to depend on the candidates to basically correct each other as they the candidates fit . "   Partial transcript as follows :   BRIAN STELTER , CNN HOST AND SENIOR MEDIA CORRESPONDENT :   Welcome back .   We are live from Hofstra University , the site of Monday night ’s presidential debate .   We We here inside of the hall where the cameras are in place and the pretend    are actually practicing behind us We       you may not know is that although you can watch the debate on CNN CNN pretty much other network and website , the debates are not produced or sponsored by any television network .   They you can watch the debate on CNN and pretty much other network and website, the debates are not produced or sponsored by any television network actually run by the Commission on Presidential Debates , a nonprofit group lead by both Republicans and Democrats So , just what has the the Commission to contend with this extraordinary year ?       better to ask than Janet Brown , the executive director of the commission , who joins me now for an exclusive interview . Janet , great to see you . JANET BROWN , EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR , COMMISSION ON PRESIDENTIAL DEBATES :   Thank you , Brian . STELTER :   Is everything ready ?   This is a    set .   Is it ready ? BROWN :   Everything is ready .   It is a    set .   We ’re very proud of it . It : STELTER:   has it been to get Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton onto the stage tomorrow night ?   You know , because there was speculation all summer that Trump might try to Donald Trump out of this debate . BROWN :   We BROWN:   productive and We , progressive communications with the campaigns .   Everything is going very well   —    all of it is focused on exactly what you ’re looking at behind you , which is bringing everything together in time for the debate tomorrow night . STELTER :   Had there been any giant issues behind the scenes , any complaints from the campaigns ? BROWN :   the campaigns I BROWN:   say that there is agreement on almost everything .   It ’s been very productive . STELTER :   What about who ’s going to STELTER:   the front row ?   We know Clinton campaign invited Mark Cuba .   Trump threatens to invite Gennifer Flowers .   Now , the campaign says that ’s not happening . Is there anybody Clinton campaign n’t be allowed to sit in the front row ? BROWN :   The first several rows are generally the close family and friends of the candidates .   It ’s up to them to decide who is in those seats .    But the the candidates important thing , Brian , for everyone to understand is that there is a very small audience behind us , a live audience will be here tomorrow night .   The big audience , the important audience is the home audience in this country and abroad .   And the job of everybody in this hall is to be respectful and silent and to make sure   —    STELTER :   Silent ? BROWN :   Silent , and to make sure that all of the time any attention is given to the candidates and their positions . STELTER :   Some people on Twitter have asked all of the time , why STELTER:   at all ? BROWN :   You know , we ’ve held the debates on college and BROWN:   almost every single one since we got started in ’88 .   This is a great opportunity to involve the young we in what is at the end of the day , the biggest civics education forum that ’s going on .    A huge number of these seats will be given to the students of Hofstra University , which I think is just a great opportunity for them to be involved and to see this firsthand .   A live audience makes it these seats in terms of what the candidates are doing to whom they are speaking , and I think that it warms it up , but unlike the the candidates debates where there was audience participation , there is it be none here , and I think whoever is in those seats will respect that . STELTER :   You mentioned the audience at home , these seats your ratings prediction ?   One hundred million ? BROWN A live audience I do n’t know .   That ’s what   —    you guys are the pros . STELTER :   OK . BROWN :   And the networks are saying they think in that range STELTER:     What makes this BROWN:     Why does the format matter ? the networks :   The STELTER:   because the 90 minutes without any commercial interruption are the only chance that the public gets to BROWN:   candidates in the same situation answering the same questions which are not known to the candidates nor to the commission .   The moderator is in charge of picking those .    This is a unique opportunity to learn more the leading candidates candidates and the formats are designed to get away from any kind of time interference .   There ’ll be six    blocks of time , the leading candidates which is devoted to a major question . STELTER :   What about the issue of fact checking that has been talked about so much in the past few weeks ?   Does the commission want Lester Holt to fact check ? BROWN :   The commission asks independent , smart journalists to be the moderators and we let them decide how they ’re going to do this .   But I have the commission , in our history , the moderators have found it appropriate to allow independent, smart journalists candidates to independent, smart journalists the ones that talk about the accuracy or the fairness of what the other we or candidates the moderators said .    this think , personally , if you are starting to get into the    I ’m not sure what is the big fact , and what is a little fact ?   And if you and I information , does your source about the unemployment rate agree with my source ?    I do n’t think it ’s a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopedia Britannica .   And I think it ’s better for that person to facilitate and my source depend on the candidates to basically correct each other as they see fit . STELTER :   What ’s the my source part for you during all of this preparation ? BROWN :   The hardest part maybe just to   the candidates    given the long    list , is to be able to keep perspective on the fact that we are really lucky that we can see civil substantive debates in this country .   This is a remarkable facet of our democracy and it ’s an incredible privilege to work on it . we :   I always wish that we could have more than three , and how about you ? BROWN This   Yes , we ’re game . This We ’re game . STELTER :   You like to do more   —    if the candidates would be willing ? BROWN :   we ’s a short period we time , and STELTER:   , three presidential , one vice presidential seem to be enough .   But it ’s a BROWN:   work on together as you know . STELTER :   Janet , thank you so much . BROWN :   Thanks , Brian . Follow Pam Key on It @pamkeyNEN 
 STELTER:   BROWN:   