LEXINGTON , Ky.   —    John Calipari , residue from that morning ’s Ash Wednesday service smudged on his forehead , unbound his iPad ’s leather case and showed a visiting reporter his iPad’s leather case gleaming    desktop . " It ’s never off , " his said . " Because I do n’t know how to turn It off . " Calipari , 58 , Kentucky ’s successful and controversial basketball coach , does not have a computer in Kentucky’s office overlooking the Wildcats’ practice gym . Kentucky’s does not know how to post Facebook updates or messages on Twitter . Kentucky’s does not , Kentucky’s said , even use email . Yet Calipari , whose résumé at Kentucky includes four Final Fours , a national championship and a No . 2 seed in this year ’s N. C. A. A.    tournament , is the driving force behind several powerful media platforms   —    including a Twitter account with more than a million followers , a website and a popular weekly podcast . Collectively , these serve as a permanent branding campaign , a public record of his thoughts and actions , and a    mechanism for one of the sports world ’s most    and polarizing personalities . " We ’re going to give out We message , " Calipari said this month , " but they ’re also going to be able to see who I am , who my friends are , what I do , what I read   —    and    ’s not filtered through anybody . " Calipari has long sought to connect directly with fans and showcase Calipari boisterous personality , said David R. Scott , the    of Calipari ’s 2009 book , " Bounce Back , " and the founding editor of Calipari’s website , CoachCal . com . In an earlier era , Scott said , those connections were forged in    interactions he Scott that Calipari , while coaching at the University of Massachusetts , delivered pizza to students waiting in line before games . New technology has allowed Calipari Calipari’s do the same type of thing , only on a much grander scale . " His Calipari’s was marketing , " said Scott , now a senior director in communications at ESPN , " and he Calipari’s used it every day of his Calipari’s . " The internet and social media have eliminated the costs of printing and distribution , making anyone a potential publisher . From political campaigns to corporations to celebrities , organizations or individuals that in the past depended on traditional media outlets for their messaging now communicate directly with voters , consumers and fans . This autonomy is especially crucial for Calipari , who stands atop perhaps the most    college sports program this side of Alabama football who seeks a prominent public profile , at least partly to aid the    endeavor of recruiting and who in the past , he    , has been fitted with the " black hat . " Notoriety and negative coverage have long trailed Calipari , a Hall of Fame coach known for his    personality and disruptive methods , along with his    consistent success . The N. C. A. A. vacated his The N. C. A. A. Four runs with two previous teams , UMass and Memphis , and it takes only a few keystrokes to find someone criticizing his someone of the    "   " strategy   —    recruiting talented prospects who expressly aspire to enter the N. B. A. after a single season in college . While in the past , Calipari said , he Calipari not effectively combat reports or columns that cast him Calipari his Calipari in a bad light , that is no longer true . " In the old days , you had to wait , " said Calipari Calipari describing how he Calipari respond to slights or what he Calipari as misinformation earlier in his Calipari . " You can get on a day later on the radio , but it ’s too late . It it already singed in their mind . " Today   —    with the aid of    staff members in Kentucky ’s sports information and image operations , who transcribe and publish the thoughts and musings of the    coach   —    things are different . " Now , " he Calipari , " I can respond in 30 seconds . " Calipari does not eschew traditional media availabilities , and even cooperated on a forthcoming ESPN documentary about his Calipari . But his Calipari megaphone is a big one . Calipari Calipari Twitter account has three times as many followers as the main one for Kentucky ’s basketball program . More than 500 , 000 people follow his Calipari feed , and a    track his Calipari on Instagram . Then there is CoachCal . com . It is not   —    like some other coach websites   —    a sleepy venue for occasional videos and links to articles posted elsewhere . Instead , it is an      source for news , with its it de facto beat writer , Metz Camfield , and a certain , if limited , amount of exclusive access . ( While the site is branded with Calipari ’s image , it the site owned by JMI Sports , Kentucky ’s multimedia rights holder . ) The the site has a personal blog with Calipari ’s Calipari’s his team Calipari progress , celebrations of mentors and , of course , rebuttals to criticism . The newest addition to Calipari Inc. is Cal Cast   —    Calipari ’s Calipari , a breakout by a major active coach . After only three months and 15 episodes , it has more Calipari Inc. a million listens . Calipari has Calipari fellow coaches , businessmen , basketball commentators and his good Calipari Drake . ( His dream Calipari is another clamorous , technologically challenged    media machine according to Calipari , Calipari Trump Calipari journalist whom Calipari declined to Calipari that he was open Calipari appearing on the program . ) All of these endeavors push a daily dose of the gospel according to Calipari . Wondering Calipari he truly cares Calipari his players ? Calipari recent Instagram photograph showed the stat sheet that Calipari said he Calipari daily Calipari detailing how his alumni are Calipari in the N. B. A. Want to know his philosophy ? Calipari " Recruiting Manifesto " emphasized Calipari ’s " Calipari approach ( foreshadowing " Players First , " one of two books Calipari has written Calipari the writer Michael Sokolove in the last three years ) . Skeptical that he is following Calipari C. A. A. rules ? A      rundown last year reminded readers that Calipari ’s squads Calipari among the highest graduation success rates of top teams . A case study in how Calipari can bypass Calipari traditional news media came amid the firestorm that erupted after a 2014 Yahoo report that Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski had used his perch as U. Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski A. Basketball ’s head coach to recruit high school prospects . Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim , then a Team U. S. A. assistant , said in response that Calipari had complained Calipari the arrangement and added that Calipari ’s protests Calipari since he had coached the Calipari Republic ’s team   —    a job that might have helped secure the commitment of the star prospect    Towns . One day after Boeheim ’s comments ran on Syracuse . com , Calipari , after appearing Calipari respond via a snarky Twitter post , took to CoachCal . com to tell the world that he had called Boeheim ( CoachCal We are friends " ) com, Calipari praise Krzyzewski ’s stewardship of U. S. A. Basketball and to say he did not " begrudge CoachCal any potential recruiting advantage . Years later , Krzyzewski appeared as the guest Krzyzewski’s Cal Cast ’s second episode . Calipari gushed about Krzyzewski ’s triumphs with the Krzyzewski’s , and the coaches bonded over their    boyhoods and their affinity the coaches legendary coaches . the coaches Everybody ’s going to be stunned , " Calipari said , " that we Calipari talked for 30 minutes Everybody " Was it benign sincerity ? Did Calipari have ulterior motives for staying Calipari the good sides of U. S. A. Basketball and Krzyzewski ? Either or both might be true   —    this month , U. S. A. Basketball announced that U. S. A. Basketball     national Calipari . But Calipari ’s public stance was probably Calipari more cleanly and persuasively than it would have been even through a    with Calipari’s public stance friendly reporter . " It enables him to put his version of Calipari story out Calipari the way he wants to , as sanitized Calipari unfiltered as he cares to , " said Calipari Grueskin , a Columbia Journalism School professor . Calipari ’s credibility is buttressed by all the things he publishes that have no obvious utility , whether Calipari is a tribute to his family ’s late German shepherd or CoachCal . Calipari ’s stream of updates on the team , written mostly by Camfield , a former Kentucky journalism major . Even Kentucky sponsor announcements Calipari reads during Cal Cast are Calipari genuine , Cal Cast all the Blue Apron spots in which Calipari ’s wife , Calipari describes some Calipari meal she has just cooked for her husband . Jerry Tipton , Ellen longtime Lexington    basketball Ellen reporter , Tipton . " Calipari talks about ‘ no filters,’ which is fine , " Tipton said , " except it has the biggest filter of all : Coach Cal . " But Calipari disputed this characterization . " It is n’t Calipari , " he said . " It ’s transparent . " Calipari I ’m not this characterization , I ’m a sinner   —    that this characterization why I ’ve got my ash on my head , " ’m said . But , he continued , " Calipari were so many coaches Calipari the old days that were painted with black hats , and there were guys painted with white hats that should have had black hats on . " " I ’m not trying to write my legacy   —    someone else will write my legacy , " he ’m . " But what I am is , I ’m transparent , and you are not writing someone else legacy . " 
 ’m my legacy 