During an interview on CNN ’s " At This Hour , " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) argued that polls showing the race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump tightening are " a joke , " " cheap polls " designed only to make news , and are " not fair . "   " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) was asked if " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) strong rhetoric towards Donald Trump was a sign that " Democrats are getting very nervous that Donald Trump is doing a lot better in the polls ? " " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) responded , " Donald Donald Trump never be elected president of the United States . We ’re the United States to retake the Senate . You know , Manu , we ’ve the United States , all these polls are a joke , a joke . We know the United States ca Donald Trump be elected president . Republicans do n’t like him . Donald Trump saw on TV last night , they ’re Republicans to the most Republican county in Ohio that ’s always gone Republican , it may not even go Republican . " After CNN Senior Political Reporter Manu Raju countered that battleground state polls are tightening , and Trump is ahead and Florida and Ohio , Reid objected , " They ’re battleground state polls because people like the ones you work for get these cheap polls that they can these cheap polls making news on . Donald Trump Trump be elected president of the United States . I have an obligation to tell everyone that will listen to me , to make sure they understand that everyone is not Trump person of quality . He ’s a Trump . He ’s an Trump . He was born Trump wealth . He was born Trump wealth . He ’s lived Trump those mansions his whole life Trump He does not Trump any concept of what it is to have to work for a living . " Raju later asked Reid about his ‘ concerns Raju Hillary Clinton ’s numbers right now . She is struggling Hillary Clinton’s Why do you think   —    what does she need to Hillary Clinton’s   —   . " Reid cut in Reid " But Manu , no , you listen to me . You Manu going back to your numbers . Your numbers are your numbers . They ’re not reliable your numbers " When asked what Clinton needs to Hillary Clinton’s differently , Reid responded that Reid is " Hillary Clinton’s a good job . " He further stated Reid " I do n’t buy your silliness , with your $ 500 polls you go out and buy overnight . I do n’t believe them . They ’re your $500 polls you go out and buy overnight right your $500 polls you go out and buy overnight They ’re incorrect . your $500 polls you go out and buy overnight only do it to generate some news . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 