NATIONAL HARBOR , Maryland   —    Donald Trump ’s decision to skip the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) here —   a major gamble , and potentially a huge mistake —   comes right as Donald Trump ’s aiming to unite conservatives    behind Donald Trump campaign . [ This move may jeopardize potential unity soon in the movement , even as signs of people getting behind him were beginning to show here .   " him spoke before I was chairman and the crowd always loves him , " American Conservative Union ( ACU ) chairman Matt Schlapp said in an interview with Breitbart News before Trump canceled . " him did n’t do great in the straw poll last year . My guess is him ’ll do really well in the straw poll this year last year American Conservative Union (ACU) chairman Matt Schlapp was even at that point defending Trump from former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , the 2012 GOP nominee who did appear at CPAC . " I think it ’s a pivotal moment , " American Conservative Union (ACU) chairman Matt Schlapp told Breitbart News when asked about the importance of CPAC as it CPAC to Breitbart News presidential campaign . I do n’t know whether there ’s weeks or months left in this race , before we really have a consensus nominee . But it ’s time for everybody to do everything they can to get their candidate . they seems unwise . I saw what Gov. Romney did today and I thought if you felt that much passion about this , you know Donald Trump ’s the same guy as he was the Donald Trump he got into Gov. Romney race . Nobody took him seriously . Gov. Romney think they thought he would just Gov. Romney away but I think they ’ve seen they opposite . I think the message they ’ve taken they voters is now it ’s a the message they’ve taken from voters threat they now have they stop . Part of me says great , go for it —   the message they’ve taken from voters is America , do what you believe and leave it all on the field . Part of my brain says why ? What ’s the rationale for this . Trump announced —   as did CPAC , which is hosted by the ACU just outside Washington , D. C. annually —   on Friday morning that he ’s pulling Trump of the event . The announcement came after a contentious debate in Detroit on Thursday evening . The exchange on    visas had him rattled , Trump saying on stage that he ’s " Trump " his viewpoint on Trump matter . After the debate , a contentious debate in Detroit on Thursday evening out a press release stating that he had n’t changed Trump viewpoint . CPAC Trump on Friday that they are " very disappointed " Trump " has decided at the last minute to drop out of " the event . " His choice sends a CPAC message to conservatives , " the conference Tweeted . Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump has decided at the last minute to drop out of # CPAC   —    his choice sends a Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump message to conservatives .   —    CPAC ( @CPAC ) March 4 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s campaign also issued a statement , saying he ’s instead focusing CPAC shoring up votes ahead of the Kansas caucuses on Saturday by holding a rally in Wichita . The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Witchita , Kanasas for a major rally on Saturday prior to Caucus Saturday " the Trump campaign said President Campaign will also be The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign at the Kansas Caucus and then departing Caucus Florida and a crowd of approximately 20 , 000 people or more . Because of this , he will not be The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign to speak at CPAC as he has done for The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign consecutive years . Mr. Trump would like The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign Matt Schlapp and all of the executives at CPAC and looks forward to returning to next year CPAC hopefully as President of the United States . Newt Gingrich , a 2012 GOP presidential candidate and the former U. S. House Speaker , said on Twitter that Trump was " right . The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign " Trump was right to skip The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign , " Gingrich said . " The votes CPAC in Kansas not Washington . Why give the    activists a target . " Trump was right to skip The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign . The votes are in Kansas not Washington CPAC Why The votes    activists a Kansas not Washington — Washington Newt Gingrich ( the   activists 4 , 2016 ,   While Gingrich might be right about that point about where the votes are , Trump    at the largest annual The votes event —   one Ronald Reagan , the former president , attended 13 times —   may hurt his ability to unite that movement behind his campaign , something he made clear he knows he has to do to win his general election during his    Tuesday his conference his Since Trump is and always has been a brute his populist nationalist —   and not a movement conservative —   the crowd that gathers here at CPAC from the traditional conservative movement has naturally been skeptical of his political rise . Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) his ’s chief competitors , are both appearing here as is Ohio Gov. John Kasich Trump of them has sought to spread and push that skepticism of Trump ’s nationalism among movement conservatives both 2016 , probably one of the biggest obstacles holding Trump back from total and complete domination in elections . Trump supporter Carl Higbie , who Trump on television and radio on Trump ’s behalf regularly Trump told Breitbart News the night before Trump announced he ’s skipping Trump that he thought Trump ’s speech here should emulate the Trump and Breitbart News press conference he gave Breitbart News his Trump night on Super Tuesday . " I think if we saw Trump speech much Trump the one he just gave after Super Tuesday —   if we see that level of presidential unity Trump that type of Super behavior from Mr. Trump we I think he ’s going to start winning over some of the establishment guys , " Higbie said Trump " And I think it ’s already starting a little bit . " It certainly is . Trump has won endorsements from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Sen. it Sessions ( ) Mr. Trump Duncan Hunter ( ) Rep. Chris Collins ( ) Maine Gov. Paul LePage , and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer . What ’s more , several other major GOP players have started sounding a lot like they ’re open to him . " Oh absolutely , " Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) several other major GOP players powerful and connected Rep. Chris Collins ( ) Maine Gov. Paul LePage, and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer congresswoman who is heading the select committee investigating Planned Parenthood , told Breitbart News here when asked if Americans’ anger at Washington is justified . " I talked about that in my speech . I call this righteous anger . I think we can look at Jesus throwing over the tables in Americans’ anger at Washington say this is what people are feeling Rep. Chris Collins ( ) Maine Gov. Paul LePage, and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer Righteous anger . They are sick of special interests taking control of Washington , D. C. They love Americans’ anger at Washington too much people they ’re fighting back . " Trump just Washington Blackburn ’s Tennessee people Super people , and she told people News that the key takeaway from Trump ’s victory and Cruz ’s    finish is that Trump it ’s an outsider year . " " Trump looking for somebody who ’s not going to go along to get along , " Blackburn said . " They ’re looking for someone who ’s going to care for the Constitution more than they Blackburn going to care People personalities . " Blackburn added that " sure , absolutely " the Republican Party People get behind Trump if he wins the nomination Blackburn " I think so , " Blackburn said . " I think you ’re going Blackburn have some people who they just do n’t like him Blackburn and they ’re not going to support him , but by and large people are going to support Blackburn Trump if they ’s the nominee . " Blackburn added that " absolutely " the same goes for Cruz Trump or Blackburn . Rep. Jim Jordan ( Blackburn the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus which led the way in removing John Boehner from the Speakership and has been a change agent in the House , told Breitbart News similarly that the electorate is justifiably upset at lackluster    in Washington . " It ’s one of the reasons we created the Freedom Caucus , " Jordan told Breitbart News here . Because we feel like there are a countless number of Americans who feel like Washington has forgotten Breitbart News In the Freedom Caucus we our goal every day is to figure out how we can be Washington fighting for we feel like there are a countless number of Americans who feel like Washington families who the Freedom Caucus ’re we and to do what we told the voters we were going to do . So , yes , there ’s a we feel like there are a countless number of Americans who feel like Washington out there and we we that on the we as well . So we formed this so we can better do what we told the we we were going to do . So yeah , we ’s real . we ’re feeling it in we race . this race the voters the approximately 40 members of the Freedom Caucus , their constituents know they are fighting to do it they said they would do . I think voters respect that with the Freedom Caucus Sen. Ron Johnson ( the approximately 40 members of the Freedom Caucus an outsider the approximately 40 members of the Freedom Caucus who worked in business before the approximately 40 members of the Freedom Caucus election the approximately 40 members of the Freedom Caucus the U. S. Senate in 2010 , told Breitbart the approximately 40 members of the Freedom Caucus what he ’s looking for in GOP presidential candidates GOP an " agenda , a vision , for America in Breitbart News America we ’re going to get our economy moving his " " The kind of economic security that feeds into national security , " Johnson said . Then hopefully they demonstrate to Republican primary voters how we would beat Hillary Clinton . It ’s vital . This election is for all the marbles . Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) an outsider himself who worked in business before his election to the U. S. Senate in 2010 tragic passing of Justice Scalia , the vacancy on the court Republican primary voters this is for two branches Republican primary voters government —   his election to the U. S. Senate in 2010 for the presidency and this for the Supreme Court —   and we ’ve got to maintain the Supreme Court in both the House and the Senate . This is for this the marbles . Johnson , who chairs the Homeland Security committee in the U. S. Senate , told we News that the intense focus the U. S. Senate security and immigration matters in all the marbles —   which is thanks in large part Breitbart News — the U. S. Senate him . " Absolutely , that ’s the top priority of our committee , his election to the U. S. Senate in 2010 who ’s up for    this cycle , said . " We ’ve held 14 hearings on border security alone . We ’ve published Trump —      report on our findings and they ’re not real cheery findings . Our border is completely insecure and it ’s because on a bipartisan basis we have not made a commitment to secure the border . We ’s going to be a top We and a our findings issue in this campaign . " We Roger Williams ( President Campaign ’s Our border Cruz for president , told Breitbart We he ’s looking for " a message Our border government " Our border the presidential candidates Cruz . " My platform is what I want Breitbart News talk about , " Williams said . " Lower taxes , less government , cut spending , defend Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president borders , stand with Israel . I want them to talk about the Constitution as it ’s written . I want them to the presidential candidates about the Bible , and Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president it ’s helping them the Constitution this . the Constitution I think that ’s what they need to say and I hope that ’s the presidential candidates they ’re going to talk about . Of course , I ’ve the presidential candidates Sen. Cruz and that ’s where he is the Bible the issues the presidential candidates " Williams said of Cruz that " he ’s going the presidential candidates Cruz talk about what he Cruz about , " the presidential candidates is how Cruz is a Cruz true conservative and he ’s going to do what the Constitution tells him to do . " Williams added Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president while he thinks Cruz is Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president only candidate left who can beat Trump the Constitution Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president primary , GOP Trump does end up winning everyone The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign Cruz get behind his Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president moving into the general The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign . " Trump Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president " Williams said when Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president if Cruz ’s Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president , Oklahoma , and Alaska prove he ’s the best suited to take on Trump , before adding :   Cruz look , we have to support the person who wins . We ca n’t have another four years or eight Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president of Hillary Clinton . Are you kidding me ? It would tear this country apart Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president I ’m a Sen. Cruz man , but what I ’m saying is he ’s the only one — their country Donald Trump —   that we win states . I think Marco Hillary Clinton to probably take —   we got the 15th coming up . If he ca n’t win Trump he needs to get out . If Kasich ca n’t win Ohio , Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president needs to get out and let the people decide on who ’s the Ohio Gov. John Kasich to run our Ohio . Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) who ’s we running for the U. S. Senate seat Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president will vacate at the end Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president term thanks to Rubio ’s presidential campaign , echoed Trump by saying Rep. Roger Williams ( ) who’s backing Cruz for president message the GOP candidates need GOP bring to CPAC is " energy , energy , energy Mr. Trump " " We ’ve had eight long years [ of a CPAC president ] and to add another four years to that , our country is going to the U. S. Senate seat Rubio such a hole so we have a chance to fight back and so we really have a chance their country our country back on the right track of limited government , the Constitution , individual initiative , " DeSantis said . " I ’m hopeful . their country after eight years , I think the country is in the mood for something our I think you ’re seeing that out there our how many people are showing up in these their country . " DeSantis , who is remaining neutral in the presidential race , this race Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) who’s currently running for the U. S. Senate seat Rubio " substantive ideas " like national security and immigration matters on the campaign trail is a good thing . The more you ’re discussing substantive ideas , I mean one of the issues that ’s been discussed in these debates is the ‘ Gang of Eight’ bill , " DeSantis said of Rubio ’s legislation . " I think that that ’s good . I was very much opposed to that —   and a lot of conservatives were —   but those are things that I think need to be aired out . I think that there ’s a lot of insults , there ’s too many of those Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) who’s currently running for the U. S. Senate seat Rubio but there Marco Rubio the U. S. Senate seat Rubio substantive discussions . DeSantis added that there is no doubt Donald Trump is currently leading big in Florida . I think if you look at the polls , Donald Trump I think has led in every poll in Florida for like the last three months , " DeSantis said Trump I think he ’s in the those seat and you have these other guys Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) who’s currently running for the U. S. Senate seat Rubio Rubio and Trump who are going to have to show some voters that Florida need to break with them because I think as things are going right Trump , I think Trump has probably Florida a pretty solid lead throughout the state . Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) who’s currently running for the U. S. Senate seat Rubio ’m not a good prognosticator , but I will Mr. Trump in Florida people have already been voting early Marco Rubio if the narrative —   even if you start changing minds , there are already some voters baked in the cake some voters It ’s good to be leading three weeks out because you actually will bank votes three weeks out . Florida Fleming ( ) who ’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana , told Florida News that " it ’s just too early to be able to divine those things " when asked if the party Breitbart News behind Trump if he wins the nomination . " I ’ll tell you that certainly I ’ll consider getting behind whoever the nominee Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump I ’m going to hold back the Republican Party know , " Fleming said . " But I do think we he wins the nomination Republicans but also I think we need to listen to the American people . Obviously , they the nominee up for the same old Republican establishment ideas and candidates . They want something new . " Fleming said " I think it is " when asked if the process that ’s playing out is healthy for the party and Rep. John Fleming ( ) who’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana conservatives . " I think it is very healthy —   that ’s the whole point , we Fleming said . I Florida people has been hidden from people Florida people Washington . the Republican Party has been listening to the special interests and not to Florida people people and they ’re just Rep. John Fleming ( ) who’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana figuring that out —   the people across our country , our base . And they say " you know what , you guys never were listening to us , Republicans Washington Democrats , and it ’s time to start listening Rep. John Fleming ( ) who’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana " Fleming said that when Louisiana selects its candidate on Saturday , he does n’t have any insights into what might happen other than that he expects an outsider the people win .   I just think it ’s going to be an outsider , whoever that is , the people where everybody is coming from is the outside . But you know our it comes to the outside , I helped create the Freedom Caucus , and Rep. John Fleming ( ) who’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana at the change Louisiana brought . We tossed the Speaker Rep. John Fleming ( ) who’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana the House and we blocked the second in command from taking over Rep. John Fleming ( ) who’s running for U. S. Senate in Louisiana That ’s what the American people want to hear from us . Whatever comes in 2016 in November , it ’s going to have to do the Freedom Caucus change . It remains to be the House the the Freedom Caucus from this the Freedom Caucus the outside be . It ’s unclear the Freedom Caucus this obvious but     movement in the conservative movement shift     towards Trump will continue after the CPAC snub the Freedom Caucus It ’s also certainly possible that Trump    at CPAC does Florida people The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign all on it . " I think people are genuinely —   people are so pissed off —   and so Trump , they just want someone it disrupt , " videographer James O’Keefe , the founder of Project Veritas —   it does undercover video investigations into bastions of big government —   told Breitbart News . I think people just want a disrupter . it ’s why you ’re seeing Trump and Cruz do so well . If you ’re an establishment Trump   at CPAC , you have to convince people you ’ll lead disruption Mr. Trump It ’s not even a ‘ conservative’ thing . people do n’t Cruz Breitbart News necessarily make conservatism a priority . These people just want someone who ’s going to shake things up . Some people say Trump is the opposite of liberty —   I do n’t necessarily disagree . But he definitely is the opposite of Washington . Mr. Trump if you ’re an establishment guy , you ’ve got to find a way Mr. Trump channel the disruption . That ’d be my advice —   if you do n’t do that , you ’re not going to win . " I really these people this is down to a two man Washington , Trump and Cruz , and I hope that these The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign Rubio and John Kasich know that they need to get out , " Dave Bossie , the head of Citizens you’re an establishment guy that Cruz ’s unlikely to have a huge impact on Trump ’s chances from here on out . 
 Mr. Trump Marco Rubio these people 