Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump laid out a five point plan to revitalize the American economy as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump proclaimed to a crowd gathered in Henderson , Nevada , " We are going to make America wealthy Again . " [ " First , We are going to repeal and replace Obamacare , " said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Fixing America America deals , securing the nation America government corruption , fixing inner cities , and helping Latino Americans were also part of the " Make America Wealthy Again America plan ’s outline .   " America needs a America . America needs a America . And that ’s why I ’m running , " said Trump . " President Obama said if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor . your doctor a lie . He promised his President Obama would President Obama by $ 2 , 500 dollars . Instead , they surged $ 5 , 000 . Another lie , " said Trump . Trump then Trump away Trump former President Bill Clinton ’s statements this week on the failures of Obamacare : Two days ago , Bill Clinton torched President Obama former President Bill Clinton’s legislation . Remember , Hillary Clinton called Obamacare " one former President Bill Clinton’s greatest accomplishments of President Obama , of the Democratic Party , and of our country . " Bill has a different view . Here former President Bill Clinton’s what Bill said : He just said it former President Bill Clinton’s a " former President Bill Clinton’s system , " and that " it ’s the craziest thing in the it . " Bill said , " people out there former President Bill Clinton’s are ] busting it , sometimes 60 hours a week it [ and ] wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut people out there half   … people out there the people getting killed in this deal are the small business people and the individuals who make just a bit too much money to get any of these subsidies . " Clinton added that it " does n’t make any sense , " and that " the insurance model does n’t work . " On my first day in office , I am going to ask a Republican Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare . There is only one way to stop Obamacare : to vote for Trump . Obamacare I think that President Obama should apologize for Obamacare , " said Trump . He Obamacare to the next Trump on President Obama plan , " Fixing our trade President Obama will be the foundation of our economic revival . " " Every our we start making progress , china starts our their currency , " said Trump . china Our politicians do n’t Trump it . " " Our jobs are being lost in massive numbers , and we are not making things in America Our , " he said . Trump detailed the economic Trump that have Trump the United States in recent decades : America President , we will start making things in America Our . Our nation has lost    of America manufacturing jobs America Clinton ’s NAFTA   — America a deal supported by Hillary Clinton . Hillary ’s Korea deal also cost us Bill Clinton’s , 000 Bill Clinton’s . a deal supported by Hillary Clinton entered the World Trade Organization   —    another Bill and    deal   —    70 , 000 factories have shut down or left the United States . That ’s 15 factories closing a day , on average . " He remarked on the results of factories leaving , " Stores close , schools suffer , the tax base erodes , wages fall and the quality of life declines . " " We ’ve rebuilt other countries at the expense of our own , " said Trump who said he will renegotiated NAFTA We " If we do n’t get the Trump we want , we will withdraw from NAFTA and start over to we a much we deal for our NAFTA . " Trump said he will also stop the    we that former Secretary Trump State Trump 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton called the " Gold Standard . " American businesses will see lower taxes from 35 to 15 percent , according to Trump . Many small businesses will file as individuals and pay only Trump percent , he said of his plan , adding that he will fix the Trump system . Trump Our regulations are a Trump , " they ’re putting people out of business , he added . Trump Our regulations that under his administration , " Our Trump , trade Trump energy and regulatory Trump will help us reach 4 % growth and create at least 25 million new jobs in a decade . " " America will become the great jobs magnate of the world , " he said . " To be a rich nation , we must Trump be a secure nation . Security begins at the border , you understand , " Trump said as he moved to the next point on his " Make America Wealthy Trump " plan outline . " Any Trump that does America protect its own people is a government unworthy and unfit to lead , Again" plan outline he said . As he has many times before , Trump listed Trump name and description Trump few of the many Americans Trump have been killed at the hands of illegal aliens :     Sarah Root ,     Grant Ronnebeck , young Kate Steinle ,     Earl Olander ,     Air Force veteran Marilyn Pharis , and     Jamiel Shaw . He invited several " Angel " moms onto the stage to speak of their loved ones who have been killed . The women attested strongly several "Angel" moms Trump ’s willingness to listen and act . Agnes Gibboney , whose family immigrated legally , lost her only son Ronald da Silva at the hands of an illegal alien . " Mr. Trump listens to us . We ’ve had many meetings privately Trump’s he listens , she said us Laura Wilkerson spoke of her son who Trump’s brutally murdered her tortured , and set on fire her " He cares about American families , " she said of Trump . " Laura Wilkerson Trump seems the only one that her the simplicity Trump’s this . Trump’s followed up saying , " All Americans living lawfully in this country , Trump’s millions of patriotic hardworking immigrants , are entitled to have their jobs , their wages , and their security protected . The borders around millions of patriotic hardworking immigrants nation are millions of patriotic hardworking immigrants the benefit of millions of patriotic hardworking immigrants people living here today   —    and when those borders are erased , it ’s often the lawful immigrants already here who The borders around our nation first to suffer lost The borders around our nation and decreased security . " Trump said of illegal entrants to the U. S. " When I am president we are getting them out of our country . " He also spoke of many countries that refuse the lawful immigrants take back we citizens from America Trump asserted that under a Hillary Clinton administration , she will the lawful immigrants that . But , he said , under his administration those countries Hillary Clinton take back their citizens . " Trump the same time Trump our many countries that refuse to take back their citizens from America and asserted that under a Hillary Clinton administration, she will accept that being infiltrated by terrorists many countries that refuse to take back their citizens from America and asserted that under a Hillary Clinton administration, she will accept that Just two days ago , an immigrant our country was charged in another ISIS plot . Hundreds of immigrants from    regions have been implicated in terrorism inside the United States since " said Trump who spoke of several very recent terror attacks in New York and New Jersey , a mall stabbing in Minnesota and a mall shooting in Washington State . He also listed other recent terror attacks . " The Boston Bombers were here on asylum . Trump who spoke of several very recent terror attacks in New York and New Jersey, a mall stabbing in Minnesota and a mall shooting in Washington State San Bernardino Shooter was here on a fiancé visa from Saudi Arabia . The Orlando shooter was the son of a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan , " Trump said . The San Bernardino Shooter also going to end the government corruption , " Trump continued to the next point on his economic plan . He referenced Clinton ’s careless handling of classified Trump , the destruction of emails from Trump private server used Trump transmit that information , immunity deals for her staffers in the FBI ’s investigation of the case , and side deals for the destruction of hardware Clinton " Hillary Clinton is the ringleader of a criminal enterprise and the only way to deliver justice is to mail Clinton ballots . " Coming to his final point , Trump said , " We are also going to fix our inner cities , and help Clinton Americans . " Clinton   percent of    children under the age of six live in poverty .    percent of    youth do n’t have jobs . More than 3 , 000 people have been shot in Chicago since the    of the year . Homicides are up nearly 50 % in Washington , D. C. and more than 60 % in Baltimore , " said Trump , who then pointed out " Democrats , like Hillary Clinton , have run the inner cities for 50 years , sixty years , seventy years or more . They ’ve produced only more joblessness , failing schools , and rising crime . " " To those    suffering Trump, who then pointed out "Democrats, like Hillary Clinton our country I say : What do our country to lose ? Vote for Donald Trump . I will fix it , " said Trump . " I am also going to fight to help Clinton Trump trapped in poverty , Vote for Donald Trump to help their children grow up in safety and peace . " Trump said : Here are some more amazing things we are going Latinos do for our country starting in 2017 : We Clinton our country have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan eliminate every unnecessary regulation end common core repeal and replace    our make childcare affordable save the 2nd amendment support the men and women of law enforcement rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States . " A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for the United States vote for me is really a vote for you Trump’s said Trump . " All together , we are going to Make America Wealthy Again . We Trump Going To Make America Strong Again . We Are Make America Wealthy America Safe Again . " Follow America Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 America America we we 