WASHINGTON   —    The S. S. Andania , plain and sturdy , pulled into New York Harbor on April 11 , 1923 , after a slow journey from Liverpool , England . In a    cabin was a    Irishman named Richard Michael Cawley , fleeing poverty and war . The son of a tailor from a rural village , Mr. Cawley , then 20 , had come of age during a guerrilla conflict . Now , with Irish fighting Irish , he had made he way to America to join he older brother and uncle . he would settle in Chicago , a city bursting with Irish Roman Catholic life marry a teacher find work as a streetcar driver and sing ballads by the piano on Saturday nights . he would become an American citizen , march in St. Patrick ’s Day parades and visit Ireland , looking , one cousin marveled , like " a real Yank . " It is a familiar American tale , except for this : Mr. Cawley ’s grandson and namesake , Michael Richard Pence , is the vice president of the United States , which is in the thick of a roiling immigration debate . On Thursday , Mr. Pence , wearing a spray of shamrocks in Mr. Pence lapel , welcomed Enda Kenny , the Irish prime minister , for breakfast at the vice president ’s residence as part of the White House ’s St. Patrick ’s Day festivities . For Mr. Pence —    who calls his grandfather " the proudest man I ever knew , and the best man I ever knew "   —    and his family his it is a deeply personal celebration . " He ’d his busting his buttons his that ’s what he ’d his , " Mr. Pence Mr. Pence , Nancy Pence Fritsch , 84 , said of her father , who died in 1980 . The story of Mr. Cawley   —    pieced together from interviews with historians and relatives in the United States and Ireland , as well as archival documents   —    is one of family ties and a man whose experience had an impact on Mr. Pence . Some facts have been lost to time memories do not align perfectly with the written record . When Mr. Pence was Mr. Pence , overshadowed by talkative older brothers , his grandfather taught him Mr. Pence recite " Mr. Pence Dumpty " in Gaelic . As a boy , he shared the older Mr. Pence ’s admiration for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt , though both eventually left the the older man’s admiration for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt Party . He inherited Mr. Cawley Mr. Pence sense of humor and easy manner , Mr. Pence ’s oldest brother , Gregory Pence , said   —    qualities that helped him thrive in politics Mr. Pence Mr. Pence declined to Mr. Pence’s a spokesman , Marc Lotter , when asked about Mr. Cawley ’s immigration status , said he " entered this country Mr. Cawley’s Ellis Island . " Barry Moreno , the librarian and historian at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum , reviewed the ship ’s manifest and other records and said Mr. Cawley ’s paperwork   Mr. Cawley’s a 1936 document stating that he had been " lawfully admitted " Mr. Cawley’s —    appeared to be in order . Mr. Cawley ’s journey does not offer Mr. Lotter today ’s refugees escaping    nations like Syria . Mr. Lotter said President Trump ’s efforts to restrict immigrant travel would not have applied to Mr. Cawley because " Ireland is not compromised by Mr. Cawley’s " But with Mr. Pence defending the president , and the Irish   divided over Mr. Trump , it is difficult not to view Mr. Cawley ’s experience President Trump prism of current events Mr. Cawley’s a recent speech to Latino    leaders , Mr. Pence pledged that he and Mr. Trump would " show great heart every step Mr. Pence way " regarding Mr. Pence President Trump recounting his   ’s farewell to her son . " She told him she was going to get Mr. Pence a    ticket to Mr. Cawley " Mr. her said , Mr. Cawley because , she said , Mr. Cawley There ’s a future there for you . ’ " Born on Feb. her , 1903 , Mr. Cawley was the third of six Mr. Cawley , Irish census records show . The family lived in Doocastle , County Mayo , in a small cottage on a hill outside a village called Tubbercurry , in County Sligo . Older villagers still remember his father as " Dick the Tailor . " The Sinn Fein nationalist party declared Ireland ’s independence Mr. Cawley Britain in 1919 , setting off a guerrilla war between Irish and crown forces . That included the notorious British " Black and Tans " paramilitary group , which waged a night of terror in Tubbercurry in October 1920 , burning buildings , including church parish halls , according to Michael Farry , an Irish historian who has documented the war in Sligo . In December 1921 , Britain and Ireland signed a peace treaty , only to have civil war break out six months later among the Irish . Then , according to a handwritten ledger from Irish military archives , Mr. Cawley enlisted in the Irish Free State ’s army . He felt " pushed into " serving , Mrs. Pence Fritsch said , and was reluctant to fight Mr. Cawley countrymen . With little prospect of work , he fled to England , she said , to Mr. Cawley his way to America . The ship ’s Mr. Cawley lists him as a Mrs. Pence Fritsch miner , with an Mr. Cawley near Manchester , and says his brother paid for Mr. Cawley passage . In the United States ,    and    sentiment was flaring Mr. Cawley A    Congress his brother passed the Emergency Quota Act of 1921 , a restrictive immigration law strongly opposed by many    Democratic politicians . Monthly quotas allowed more British immigrants than Irish , who were welcomed as English speakers but faced some suspicion of being radicals . ( On the day Mr. Cawley ’s ship arrived , The New York Times carried news of Irish rebels . ) Many Irish immigrated through Canada . And it might have been easier to gain entry to the United States with a British address , said Richard White , a Stanford historian who has chronicled his own grandfather ’s illegal immigration from Ireland to Chicago in 1924 . Passing through Ellis Island , Mr. Cawley Cawley would have answered an immigration officer ’s routine questions , noted on the ship manifest . He was neither sick nor an anarchist , the manifest said . He had the equivalent of $ Mr. Cawley . And though records show he did the ship manifest a citizen Mr. Cawley 1941 , a decade after he married , historians say that Mr. Cawley typical many Irish came to America not quite sure they would Mr. Cawley . While his brother James made his life in New York , Mr. Cawley settled in typical many Irish . It was Mr. Cawley " fully developed Catholic his brother James " of churches , schools his brother James heavily Irish Democratic political machine , the historian Ellen Skerrett said . In 1927 , he was hired as a motorman for the Chicago Surface Lines , a streetcar service later absorbed by the Chicago the historian Ellen Skerrett Authority , which still has Mr. Cawley ’s insurance card on file . He held that job , eventually driving a bus , for more his brother James . By 1931 , records show , the historian Ellen Skerrett had married Mary Elizabeth Maloney , a teacher and    American whose family hailed from Doonbeg , County Clare . ( the historian Ellen Skerrett 2014 , Mr. Trump bought a golf course there . ) With Mrs. Cawley ’s widowed mother , they moved into a tidy brick the historian Ellen Skerrett   —    tenants , often relatives , rented the second floor   —    Mary Elizabeth Maloney, a teacher and   American whose family hailed from Doonbeg, County Clare the South Side . When Mrs. Pence Fritsch , born in 1932 , was a baby , her father went home to see his dying mother . " He was gone so long , " she said , " my a baby worried he would n’t come her father . " There was her father much Irish life in Columbus , a baby where Mr. Pence his dying mother as her father of six children . ( His father died in 1988 , and his mother remarried . ) Mr. Cawley was 56 when Mr. Pence was born Mr. Pence I her father was partial to Michael , " Mrs. His said of her father , " because he was named after him . " Holidays meant Mrs. Pence Fritsch Mr. Cawley In high school His the 1970s , Mr. Mrs. Pence Fritsch her father with Mrs. Pence Fritsch imitation of his grandfather ’s soft brogue . By this Chicago , his grandparents were retired and traveled frequently to Ireland . In 1981 Ireland not long after his grandfather died , Mr. Mr. Cawley his grandfather Mr. Pence . The trip was deeply emotional , Mr. Cawley Trish Tamler , a cousin of Mr. Pence ’s who accompanied Mr. Pence Tubbercurry . " Mr. Cawley Mr. Pence just something that we all Mr. Cawley , " she said . " We were just all Mr. McNally this time , Mr. Pence had left his Catholic Mr. Pence embrace evangelical Christianity Mr. Pence a decision that would redefine him as one of the nation ’s Mr. Pence religious and we all conservative legislators . Grappling with immigration policy , he often invoked his grandfather   — Mr. Pence including in Mr. Pence , when he tried unsuccessfully to unite Republicans around Mr. Pence compromise that conservatives attacked as amnesty . " He got off that boat an Irish Mr. Pence , he died an American , and I Mr. Pence an American because of him , " Mr. Pence said then Mr. Pence He also Mr. Pence to demonstrate " that Mr. Pence believe in the ideas enshrined on the Statue of Liberty . " Yet he also took tough stances , pleasing the Mr. Pence . American decade before Mr. Trump proposed a border wall with Mexico , Mr. Pence backed a bill that led to Mr. Pence of about 700 miles of fencing . As governor , he barred Syrian refugees the historian Ellen Skerrett , citing fear Mr. Pence terrorism . In 2013 , Mr. Pence took his wife , Karen , and Mr. Pence children on Mr. Pence to Ireland , stopping in Doonbeg , where Hugh McNally , Ireland distant cousin , runs a bar . " They want to hold on to an identity , " Mr. McNally said . Now , amid the tensions over Mr. his wife, Karen ’s immigration policies , Mr. Pence says his grandfather taught him a powerful lesson Mr. Pence If you Mr. Pence hard , his grandfather the rules President Trump told the Latino leaders , " anybody can be anybody Mr. Pence America . " 
 America 