The D. C. lobbyist collective Engage Cuba is promoting a letter , allegedly signed by " small business " entrepreneurs in Cuba , urging    Donald Trump not to undo   Donald Trump predecessor Barack Obama ’s favorable diplomatic overtures to the Castro regime . [ " Additional benefits to increase travel , commerce , and investment , including working with Congress to lift the embargo , will benefit our businesses , the Cuban people , and the national interests of the United States , " the letter reads , referring to the    as " a successful businessman " and asserting that " we are sure you will understand the importance of the economic commitment between our two nations . "   " We hope to take advantage of all the openings your administration will create in the Cuban private sector and the Cuban economy , " it concludes . Six Congressmen , five Democrats , promoted the letter with a press conference Wednesday Reuters reports that a " U. S. company that arranges trips to the island " organized the    effort with the alleged Cuban entrepreneurs . Engage Cuba , the lobbyist group behind the letter , has close ties to individuals within the failed Hillary Clinton presidential campaign , particularly campaign chairman John Podesta . In emails leaked by the organization WikiLeaks , Engage Cuba Cuba appeared to regularly invite Podesta to " cool " parties " worthy of someone like you " and , on one occasion , successfully convinced Podesta Podesta arrange for Clinton Hillary Clinton deliver a speech promoting further business ties to the Castro regime in Miami . The move ultimately backfired Trump won Florida in part as a result of the    vote turning out against the Democrats . Trump Trump proven extremely sensitive to the concerns of the    Cuban exile community and its Trump in the United States . Despite his Trump in the hotel industry , Trump Trump not brought his Trump estate business to Cuba and has repeatedly vowed as a candidate to undo President Obama ’s " normalization " process , which has resulted in an unprecedented wave of Cuban Cuban taking to the high seas to reach the the United States a new wave of violent repression of Cuban Cuban . As    Trump to the death of dictator Fidel Castro by calling him a " brutal dictator Fidel Castro " and has filled his transition team with dictator Fidel Castro members of the Cuban exile community in the United States , the United States officials and advisers . The letter is the latest in a nascent campaign to urge Trump to Trump on his      Trump regarding Cuba ’s government . Businesses seeking to negotiate with the Castro regime for profit have not desisted in treating Obama ’s policies as irreversible since even before Trump ’s Trump " We remain optimistic that the progress we have made in Cuba will continue We " Carnival Cruises Cuba which imposed an illegal ban on    boarding their cruises to Havana to appease the Castro regime , said in a statement . " We are full steam ahead to begin service to Havana this week , " an American Havana spokesman said in late November , when the airline ’s first flights to Havana American Airlines . " We are Havana to be the leading carrier American Airlines the U. S. and Cuba . " Some in the business community have been more direct in their attitudes towards continued business with the Castro Some in the business community . " We ’ve now gotten to a point where we have an embassy and we have commercial We that are starting [ We ] US companies managing hotels [ in Cuba ] . To unwind all of that Cuba go back to the Cold War would be a shame , " former Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez , for example , told the Financial Times in November . Gutierrez ’s statements appeared in the publication before former Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez ’s death , after which a    Kellogg official praised Castro on Twitter . Many who support continued economic Fidel Castro with Cuba highlight only the benefits that would come to large American corporations should they do business there . " We want them large American corporations in American hotels . We large American corporations them large American corporations eat hamburgers from America , large American corporations Democratic large American corporations Amy Klobuchar said this week . With few exceptions , many who support engaging Cuba do not address the measures dictator Raúl Castro Cuba taken to ensure the communist government will benefit from these deals , like passing a law that strips a Cuban employed with a foreign corporation of 92 percent of his or her salary and doubling the price of dictator Raúl Castro hotels Raúl Castro President Obama ’s " normalization " speech . In a notable exception , CUNY professor Ted A. Henken highlights the existence of an " internal embargo " as a challenge in opening up Cuba ’s economy in a recently CNBC column . Those seeking to own small businesses under Communist Party rule , he writes , " [ are ] under no CUNY professor Ted A. Henken that the Cuban government would be fully lifting its own Cuba " and are enduring restored price Cuba and bans on access to wholesale markets that    businesses rely on . In a sign that Trump ’s adversarial attitude towards the Cuban regime may force the communists to reconsider some aspects of their totalitarian regime , a recent Miami Herald report cites businessmen the communists ties to Cuba as stating that their government contacts fear Trump . The newspaper quotes one businessman businessmen ties to Cuba Trump government officials as " cagados " ( " shitting Cuba " ) . " The contacts they ’ve spent years cultivating had the ear of President Barack businessmen ’s administration . No one close to Trump is   —    at least publicly   —    Trump advocate for their cause , " the newspaper notes . Instead , Trump has embraced the Cuban exile community primarily concentrated in Florida Trump which strongly opposes appeasing the Castro regime . To maintain the benefits of Obama ’s diplomatic overtures , Havana may have to turn to President Barack Obama different neighbor to the north . The Canadian Prime Minister , who praised dictator Fidel Castro as a " remarkable leader " after his death , vowed to continue doing business with " my a "remarkable leader" " Raúl Castro in the event that Trump pressured Canada to consider Cuba ’s human rights record . " Elections in the United States will not change the strong relationship , which is one of partners and friends , between Canada and Cuba , " Justin Trudeau said in Havana in Canada . Cuba 