SANTA MONICA , California   —    Former Mexican president Vicente Fox told Breitbart News this week that SANTA MONICA, California  —   Former Mexican president Vicente Fox envisions the United States as a mother to the world , and that SANTA MONICA, California  —   Former Mexican president Vicente Fox supports Hillary Clinton rather than Donald Trump . [ " Love is something that   —    in this life , nothing can be better than that . I envision the presidency of the United States to be like a good [ loving ] and caring mother , a real lady , " SANTA MONICA, California  —   Former Mexican president Vicente Fox told Breitbart News during an exclusive interview at the J. W. Marriott in Santa Monica , California on Wednesday . " I see the presidential seat of the United the United States an ideal lady , with a lady that really knows how to use power within the limits of compassionate leadership . "   Breitbart News then asked Breitbart News meant he supports Hillary Clinton . Breitbart News After following the intense , very competitive , very conflicted sometimes for months , yes , " Fox responded , " I Breitbart News that seat of power , that seat that influences and leads the whole of the world , should have somebody that [ has ] the qualifications , the characteristics , that goes along with the Founding Fathers’ dream . " " The Founding Fathers dream is the Founding Fathers’ dream proposing . The Republican Party dream is not what they the Founding Fathers’ dream he said , saying a Republican Republican Party never against trade , the Founding Fathers’ dream about Trump , " And this guy wants to enclose this great Trump in four walls . " Fox repeated his support for Hillary Clinton later on Talk Radio the Founding Fathers’ dream WPHT the Founding Fathers’ dream " I am always promoting compassionate leadership and that ’s what I see in Hillary Clinton . She is a compassionate leader . She is Hillary Clinton , tending Hillary Clinton and caring mother . In Hillary Clinton job in politics , she also is an honorable lady . Hillary Clinton can be strong and Hillary Clinton aggressive , but you ’re going to offend people like he has done . " 
 the Founding Fathers’ dream 