Actor Bryan Cranston will vote for Hillary Clinton in this year ’s presidential race because Actor Bryan Cranston agrees with the presumptive Democrat nominee ’s " platform "   —    and thinks Hillary Clinton chief rival , presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , lacks the presidential qualities that have made President Obama so successful . [ In an interview with the Daily Beast , the     Breaking Bad star said the    Breaking Bad star still does n’t feel " real " to President Obama that a " supreme narcissist " like Trump could become President of the United States .   Cranston told the Daily Beast : " He Cranston an anomaly to politics and an anomaly to the human race , as far as I ’m concerned . He Cranston just a bizarre human being . I do n’t think that ’s a statement that anybody can even argue . ‘ ‘ he Cranston normal human being?’ I do n’t think anybody can say , ‘ Yeah , he Cranston pretty normal!’ No ! He Cranston very , very far away from normal . Even if you agree with him Cranston he Cranston still far away from normal , and we need a president like our we president , who I believe has shown the qualities we we in a president : restraint , introspection , diplomacy , thoughtfulness , sensitivity , intelligence , not to be hyperbolic , to be presidential , to be respectful , and to be patient . President Obama has the qualities that anyone would want , and I think a President Clinton would have those the qualities that anyone would want well . But we we that Donald Trump does not have that . " Cranston , who previously called Trump ’s Donald Trump candor " refreshing , " said that while he disagrees Donald Trump Trump ’s Donald Trump policy proposals , he at least Donald Trump to understand why many Americans support him . " Donald Trump W]hen I meet those who are voting for Donald Trump , Donald Trump n’t try to disprove their interests , " those who are voting for Donald Trump actor told the Beast . " I ’m curious how they came to that those who are voting for Donald Trump . But I think this is incredibly important : I do n’t want to disrespect anyone ’s opinion . This is how they feel . But those who are voting for Donald Trump would be very interested and curious to see how they came to this those who are voting for Donald Trump . " The    Democrat went on to praise Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and the impact he has had on The   Democrat 2016 race , saying that the insurgent candidate ’s battle against Clinton made her a " better Clinton , a stronger campaigner " and a " stronger debater . " Cranston added that just because he supports Clinton for Cranston does Clinton mean that Republicans are " evil " or " villainous " in any way . " They ’re not . Republicans love the country Republicans as much as I do , and I think that ’s a thing that we need to step away from , " he said . " Cranston need to step we from making enemies and villains out of someone who has a different ideology than yours . " Cranston ’s latest film , The Infiltrator , about an undercover operation targeting Pablo Escobar ’s    cronies , opened last weekend . The film took in Cranston’s latest film, The Infiltrator, about an undercover operation targeting Pablo Escobar . 7 million over five days , landing in eighth place at the weekend box office .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 