It is high time to declare   —    honestly and without exaggeration   —    that the 2016 GOP presidential primary has officially become the greatest , most interesting , most entertaining election of all time ! [ And it all culminated in Thursday night ’s triple header of political imbroglios in Des Moines . The Corn State Three Ring Circus on Ice . Truly , the greatest show on earth !   The opening act was the undercard debate with four trailing Republicans   —    including the two Republicans who won the last two GOP Iowa caucuses ! And it was a great fight with plenty of rage and vehemence . Hillary Clinton has " escaped prosecution more times than El Chapo ! " Carly Fiorina declared . Then you had the main event with seven of the eight leading Republicans . That one began with moderator Megyn Kelly asking the man running in second place in Iowa about the polling    whom moderator Megyn Kelly described as , " the elephant NOT in the room . " But , wait ! There ’s more . Across town , said Elephant   —    Donald J. Trump   —    gathered another    event in the freezing cold to raise some $ 6 million for wounded veterans . Not a political debate exactly , but not a shabby cause , either . Then , in the middle of Donald J. Trump  —    ’s roll call of generous donations , here come two more Republican candidates from the undercard debate onto the stage to support Mr. Donald J. Trump  —    effort to raise money for wounded warriors . But Rick Santorum did not want to stand behind the podium emblazoned with a Trump sign Donald J. Trump  —    So he kind Rick Santorum noodled around from the side and spoke words into the microphone from the side of the podium the podium emblazoned with a Trump sign Huckabee had no such qualms and just grabbed the podium with the podium emblazoned with a Trump sign when he spoke . Furiously Mike Huckabee between the debate on Fox News and the Trump show Donald J. Trump  —    CNN , it was hard to keep track of everything . Perfect equilibrium was finally achieved when CNN put up a CNN screen with Huckabee speaking at the Mike Huckabee show Donald J. Trump  —    the Trump show on CNN CNN reporter interviewed live from the CNN filing center over at the Fox News debate . Fox News reporter tried describing contents of yet another press release about     negotiations between Mr. Trump and Fox News , he was Fox News Loud audio was being the reporter into the filing center so that all at once the media filing center screen a viewer could watch Mr. Trump nod approvingly as a GOP competitor spoke behind his podium and at the same time hear all the Mr. Trump from the Fox News debate . Of course Fox News debate was worse off for that elephant who was n’t the Fox News debate room . It was a far more cordial and less spectacular event than previous the Fox News debate debates , especially the very first one . At one GOP in the evening , Sen. Ted Cruz , who suffers from being naturally unfunny , decided to try his hand at a witticism . " If you ask one more mean question , I may have to leave the stage , " he told the moderators . Get it ? It was a shot his Mr. Trump ? Who was n’t there it It was a sharp reminder of the problem caused by Mr. Trump ’s absence . Funny    come so easy to him Mr. Trump when Mr. Trump takes a shot at you , there Mr. Trump no mistaking it Mr. Trump to be outdone , Sen. Marco Rubio tried his hand at a shot . " I ’m not leaving this stage no matter Sen. Marco Rubio you ask me . " Gulp . It might have been funnier if he had drunk some water when he said it . And herein lies the Sen. Marco Rubio , sad truth about the Sen. Marco Rubio of It in America . When this is all over and Mr. Trump has either been poisoned by fanatics suffering from Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome or he has served his complete eight years in office , he will be gone Mr. Trump And all Mr. Trump will be left are politicians , Mr. Trump it will never be this much fun again . • Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com and on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 