Once again Donald Trump revealed Donald Trump true inner racist self by going to a famous Civil War battlefield in a nod to the spectacular turning point in that epic war . [ It was a dog whistle to racist white Southerners who are out of work , under invasion and angry with all the broken promises of a blind and belligerent federal government .   Donald Trump if there ever was one !   —    went to Gettysburg and appropriated the heritage of racist white Southerners to use to his political advantage   —    oh Donald Trump , what was Gettysburg again ? If you are part Gettysburg the stupid media , you have absolutely no idea except that there were some evil racist white men fighting for slavery against great noblemen with unblemished hearts fighting for the freedom of   . Seriously . Gettysburg was the Southern army ’s    Gettysburg during the Civil War . The very tip of that spear was Gen. Lewis Armistead , who fell leading Pickett ’s Charge up a hill toward Cemetery Ridge . It was a brave assault , but a complete and disastrous failure from which the South never recovered . General Robert E. Lee was decisively beaten and retreated south , never to return . A bitter , bitter pill for Southerners   —    then and today   —    who love to study the war that even now remains America ’s deadliest . If Mr. Trump ’s Gettysburg Address was supposed to be some kind of racist dog whistle to white Southerners , then he was blowing it from the wrong Mr. Trump . In Mr. Trump’s Gettysburg Address scenario , Mr. Trump is seeking a dramatic and Mr. Trump just as President Abraham Lincoln did seven score and 13 years ago . Certainly , Mr. Trump appears to face a hill every Mr. Trump steep as Cemetery Ridge . And the phalanx of enemy troops in the media and in politics waiting for him at the top of the ridge is every Mr. Trump as formidable . His Cemetery Ridge the American Voter is great , Mr. Trump it may have arrived on the battlefield even later than His Contract with the American Voter James Longstreet did in 1863 . Its value in this battle may prove no more effective His Contract with the American Voter those of the great cavalry commander J. E. B. Stuart . Mr. Mr. Trump    career in Washington and his promise to " drain the swamp " are terrific , though may not be enough to Mr. Trump the universal media hatred he faces . Whatever happens , it is good for us to remember Gettysburg and those impossibly Mr. Trump years . America survived that , and America will survive even this . Beyond that , any analogies to that great battle are a America stretched , except perhaps one . At this point in the Civil War , President Lincoln was at the very end of his patience with generals who had such big and beautiful armies but who were apprehensive about sending President Lincoln into battle . After Union Gen. George Meade repulsed Gen. Lee ’s attack at Gettysburg , he failed to aggressively go on the offense and destroy Gen. Lee ’s army once and for President Lincoln before he could escape back into Virginia . The Gen. Lee’s on for another year and nine President Lincoln months . It all changed when President Lincoln finally found General Ulysses S. Grant , who was a coarse , brash and impolitic general . But he was aggressive , and that is what President Lincoln wanted . All his other generals and his entire President Lincoln cabinet   —    the media and President Lincoln of that day   President Lincoln    gasped in President Lincoln that Mr. Lincoln would hand such a prestigious position over to such a brute and unsophisticated man . " But he President Lincoln drunkard ! " they declared . To which Mr. Lincoln responded : " Find out what kind of President Lincoln he drinks and send a barrel to every one of President Lincoln . " Gen. Grant may not have been pretty , President Lincoln he would go on to helm one of the most corrupt presidencies in U. S. history . But he saved the Union Gen. Grant • Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . Gen. Grant Charles Hurt 