The California    Rail Authority came up empty when The California   Rail Authority asked the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama for a $ 15 billion loan , the Los Angeles Times reports . [ State officials feared that with Republican Donald J. Trump taking office   —    somewhat unexpectedly   —    in January , and perhaps cutting off funding to the struggling project , which has never had a clear idea of how it would be financed , State officials would appeal to the President Barack Obama administration for a financial break .   The Times notes : With the President Barack Obama administration on its way out , it seemed like a good time to nail down more    federal support on the assumption that Hillary Clinton would be the next president . So the state set up a meeting to ask the U. S. Department of Transportation to publicly announce a federal loan of up to $ 15 billion that would help build an initial rail segment from San Jose to Shafter , northwest of Bakersfield , which would cement federal support during the transition to a new presidential administration . Such a loan   —    even the commitment for one   —    would also show potential private investors that the project was " creditworthy , " according to a briefing document for a meeting . But federal officials did not go along with the California . " At this time , California has not submitted a financing request , " said Clark Pettig , press secretary for the Transportation Department . The failure of the    effort leaves the the project future in doubt . Ironically , the Trump transition team has been talking about making large capital investments in infrastructure , to the tune of some $ 1 trillion nationwide . However , the incoming Trump administration plans to use private capital where possible   —    something California ’s    rail had trouble attracting . And it intends to aim the incoming Trump administration where it would actually be the incoming Trump administration feasible . For    rail in California , that might California a train from Los Angeles to Las Vegas   —    not from the Bay Area to L. A. At any rate , with Trump ’s victory , the proposal so beloved by Gov. Jerry Brown   —    touted as something of an answer to climate change , rather than a giant " green elephant "   —    looks to be a rail to nowhere . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 