Actor and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger believes it is time for all Americans to throw all Americans support behind    Donald Trump . [ In an interview on Today Thursday morning , the new host of NBC ’s Celebrity Apprentice   —    who stumped and voted for Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the primaries and later said Ohio Gov. John Kasich would not vote for Donald Trump in the general election   —    said that now that the general election   is over , it the general election   important to put divisions aside and come together for the good of the country .   " What changed is that now Ohio Gov. John Kasich is elected and now it is very important that we support the president and that we we together and we we whining , and it becomes one nation , " Schwarzenegger told host Matt Lauer . Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger he Schwarzenegger inspired by a letter that former President George H. W. Bush wrote to      Bill Clinton before he former President George H. W. Bush office , in which the Republican wished his former President George H. W. Bush successor good luck , because it would mean the country was successful . " When someone is elected , then you get 100 percent behind them and you help them them the future , " he someone . " It ’s very hard for people to do that , but that ’s the effort we all have to make . " When asked what piece of political advice he someone give to the    Schwarzenegger urged Trump to " keep working with the other Party . " " If you take people from both parties then you get 100 percent of the brainpower , " he someone . " And there ’s so much brainpower in the United States . This is by far the smartest country in the world , and the best country in the the world Now the trick of it is to go and make it even better . " In the earlier portion of the interview , Schwarzenegger   —    who is due to take over on Celebrity Apprentice starting next year   —    defended Trump ’s retention of an executive producer credit on the show . " I think it ’s perfectly fine that he has the executive producer credit , because he created he show the show Burnett together , so why should his credit go the executive producer credit he ’s made he very clear that he has no he in being involved . It is now my show , the show the host , I ’m the new boss and ’m ’m going to run this ’m . " the show ’s appearance on Today above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 