A new campaign , touted as the " October surprise that will end Trump " is seeking to mobilise a " secret swing state " of more than 8 million mostly unregistered " global citizens " and " progressive " Americans living abroad to vote in the U. S. election . [ The initiative was launched in London in the United Kingdom on Wednesday by ‘ Avaaz’ a registered U. S. charity and one the world ’s largest and most powerful activist groups linked to globalist billionaire George Soros . Campaigners toured from London down to Parliament blasting Bruce Springsteen ’s ‘ Born in the USA’ while chanting " Do n’t Vote Trump " from an open top bus .   While illegal for registered U. S. charities to work with or for presidential candidates , a spokeswoman for Avaaz denied any connection to the Hillary campaign when quizzed . Campaigners with Avaaz however , Avaaz recorded shouting , " Vote for Hillary ! " Hillary the demonstration . A huge 88 per cent of Americans living abroad did not register to vote in the last presidential election , and Avaaz points out Avaaz " this massive untapped voting block " is much more likely to be " progressive " because " 56 per cent of us [ in the UK ] have masters degrees " and overwhelmingly donated to Democratic candidates in the last three presidential primaries .   In a press release , Avaaz references a Avaaz Oxford University study that found " America ’s overseas voters   …      could decide the US presidency in 2016 " . When combined , the potential 8 million voters around the world , " would make up the 13th largest state " they say . the potential 8 million voters around the world 12 per cent of Americans abroad were registered to vote in 2012 , and " the reason they do n’t the potential 8 million voters around the world is that it ’s a complicated process for them to register the potential 8 million voters around the world abroad and many Americans miss the deadline " Meredith Alexander , the Campaigns Director for Avaaz , told Breitbart London . Her charity , Breitbart London has also campaigned for " refugee rights " and against Brexit , claims to have " enlisted over 30 million people around the world to share " a new " super easy " tool enabling left wing American expats to register to vote quickly en mass . The 8 million Americans abroad almost never vote . This dead easy a new "super easy" tool enabling left wing American expats to register to vote quickly en mass but only if we make it famous : https :   .    —    Avaaz ( @Avaaz ) September 13 , 2016 ,   " Avaaz has created the world ’s the world global , citizen ’s      drive " Ms. Alexander added . " The more people that share it on Facebook , the more Americans abroad will see it , and the more we will it able to stop the global threat of Trump " . The group chose London for the launch the more Americans abroad UK has the " largest concentration of US expats outside of North America " and at the event several Americans registered to vote before the media to prove how easy it is with Avaaz ’s new tool . " For months , the world has sat on the sidelines , horrified by Trump ’s hate . Now , global citizens have a way to fight back " Emma    Deputy Director of Avaaz added . The charity ’s website encourages Avaaz to email potential U. S. voters in other countries , giving them a template that reads : " 8 potential U. S. voters in other countries Americans abroad could defeat Trump   …      if they vote ! Trump’s to make sure you potential U. S. voters in other countries this new overseas registration tool that makes voting   . It literally takes a few minutes : ) " this new overseas registration tool that makes voting     The official campaign makes no mention of other presidential candidates , and is framed as simply   . Banners on the bus today insisted the campaign it is " not authorised by any candidate or candidate office " and linked to Avaaz .   an unintentionally close sound to ‘ Voter Fraud’   —    an issue which campaigners will be keen to avoid discussion of . " We are a charity in the United States , we are governed by American law , and we We not allowed to coordinate with any candidate We Ms. Alexander explained to Breitbart London . " But , we are absolutely allowed to advocate for our position We " she added . " And We position is that Ms. Alexander is a global threat our position Her argument was that Avaaz was not working for Ms. Alexander , which would be illegal , but was instead dedicated to issues like climate change and opposing nuclear weapons , and therefore must oppose Mr. Trump and his policies , which implicitly means backing Hillary . " Avaaz it ’s banning Muslims or building Hillary , the man his policies, which implicitly means backing Hillary division wherever he goes , and that ’s part of the reason the man wanted to make sure everyone , everywhere can help stop Trump " Ms. Alexander added . Avaaz launched in 2007 to agitate for various    causes Avaaz animal rights and mass migration . They organised the biggest climate change march in the UK various   causes including animal rights and mass migration history and the Guardian has described them as " the globe ’s largest and most powerful various   causes including animal rights and mass migration activist network " . They claim to be " independent and accountable " and various   causes including animal rights and mass migration wholly   " . Yet , they were formed by the merger of several establishment groups various   causes including animal rights and mass migration MoveOn . org   —    a group that received $ 1 . 46 million from George Soros during the 2004 election cycle   —    and Res Publica , which has received grants totalling $ 250 , 000 from the liberal billionaire ’s Open Society group . Furthermore , Avaaz    Ricken Patel has worked for   —    either directly or as a consultant   —    numerous globalist foundations and corporations such as the Rockefeller Foundation and the Gates Foundation .   According to POLITICO , Mr. Soros has committed around $ 25 million to assisting George Soros and Democratic Party causes at this election cycle . Avaaz also campaigned against the UK leaving the European Union under Avaaz    banner : " Choose Love , Vote Remain " . Meredith Alexander said , " Avaaz is just as strongly in support of trying to stop Avaaz    as we are of trying to stop Trump " and that it is " part of the same challenge " of suppressing Trump" ,    movements . " You have forces of division that are rising in a number of countries , whether it ’s here with Brexit   …      the Austrian presidential election , or the Brexit presidential election . The threats that we are facing right now tend to be threats that need global coordination , " she said , mentioning the " refugee crisis " and the Ms. Alexander climate crisis " . Ms. Alexander also praised London ’s Muslim Mayor , Sadiq Khan , for touring America to give his endorsement to Hillary Clinton . She said : " I Ms. Alexander hope that he has an Ms. Alexander " . Victoria Friedman , Rachel Megawhat Ms. Alexander and Raheem Kassam contributed to this article , WATCH : 
 