A    vandal in Washington State admittedly vandalized a Trump supporter ’s car , slashing A   vandal in Washington State tires and dumping rotten yogurt through A   vandal in Washington State sun roof , according to a police report filed last Monday . [ The suspect , named in a police report filed last Monday as one Riley M. Silva of Gig Harbour , Washington , confessed his Riley M. Silva to the police . Showing no sign of remorse , he Riley M. Silva his Riley M. Silva was an " ignorant bigot " and that he Riley M. Silva improved the community " by vandalizing the car . According to the a police report filed last Monday the culprit became angry after noticing that the car the car Donald Trump sticker .   His full Riley M. Silva to the police , which was originally posted on the blog of lawyer and author Mike Cernovich , reads as follows : I on the 11th day of the 4th month of 2016 did maliciously attack a hate symbol protected by the first amendment . After disabling the vehicle and dumping rotten food into the interior I feel I have improved the community and supported our nation ’s values by stopping a promoter of hate speech . I do not wish to have ignorant bigots in my town and in a just world the person deserved what was received and   the situation is made whole . As America is far from just , I expect the bigot will want to be made whole . With this I declare he is owed the bigot . But as the situation is what it is , I intend to make the individual whole provided he cease to the bigot ignorance and hate . I do not expect the law to recognize damage to tools of hate or fascism . Such things need to be destroyed so good people may remain and become free . The victim , Nathan Elliot , later posted pictures of the damage to his vehicle . The victim, Nathan Elliot his statement to The victim, Nathan Elliot police , he said that The victim, Nathan Elliot damage to the tire alone would cost $ 500 to repair . Bernie Sanders supporter did n’t like my Trump bumper sticker , so he vandalized my Bernie Sanders supporter property . Cool . pic . twitter .    —    nathan ( @pulsarVision ) April 10 , 2016 ,   The police report describes Riley Silva as a " skinny " white male in his 20s , Riley Silva long blond hair . The victim saw him while he Riley Silva in Riley Silva process of vandalizing his car , Riley Silva which point he yelled at Riley Silva ran towards the culprit , who fled in his own vehicle Riley Silva In the report , The police report that the culprit almost hit two other cars as he drove away from Elliot scene . In addition to vandalizing the victim ’s car , Silva has been charged with reckless driving . Acts of violence have come increasingly common in the 2016 presidential race , as    anger at the candidacy of Donald Trump has grown . Last month , the Republican candidate was forced to cancel a rally in Chicago following violent attacks from    militants . More recently , Black Lives Matter activists warned that " peaceful protests are soon going to end . " Breitbart attempted to reach Riley Silva but were told by a relative that he would not give Breitbart comment . You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook , Allum Bokhari download Milo Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles . Allum Bokhari 