Tuesday at the White House press briefing , President Barack Obama addressed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s plan to cut off funds sent to Mexico through money transfers , called remittances , unless Mexico payed for the border wall .   President Barack Obama dismissed the viability of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s plan and argued President Barack Obama would increase immigration into the United States from Mexico Mexico " I ’ve been clear earlier that I ’m getting questions constantly about some of the wackier suggestions that are being made , " President Barack Obama said . " I have to emphasize it ’s not just Mr. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s . You ’re hearing concerns about Mr. Cruz ’s proposals —   in some ways , just as draconian when it comes to immigration , for example . The implications with respect to ending remittances , from legal immigrants and from individuals sending money back home to their families , legal immigrants enormous . First of all , they ’re impractical . We just talked about the difficulties of trying to enforce huge outflows of capital . The notion we ’re going We track every Western Union of money sent to Mexico —   good luck with that . " " Then we ’ve got the issue of the implications for the Mexican economy , " he continued . that Which in turn , if it ’s collapsing , sends more immigrants north because they ca n’t more immigrants jobs back in Mexico . But Mexico is one more example of something that is not thought through and primarily put forward for political consumption . And as I try to emphasize throughout , we got serious problems here . We got big we around the world . People expect the president of the United States and the elected officials in this country to the United States problems seriously and put forward policies that have been examined , analyzed , are effective , where unintended consequences are taken into account . They do n’t People half baked notions out of the White House . We ca n’t afford that . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 