Approximately 1 , 500 students and teachers at Berkeley High School in northern California staged a    Wednesday morning in protest of Republican Donald Trump ’s victory in the presidential election Tuesday . [ According to NBC News , students at Berkeley High School in northern California walked out en masse Wednesday morning , with some holding Mexican flags and signs reading " F*ck Trump , " and " Not our president . " The students at the school marched to the campus of the nearby University of California Berkeley , where they were students at the school by students from other nearby schools and by some teachers .   Students at Oakland Technical High School , the Bishop O’Dowd school and Lincoln High School in San Jose also reportedly staged    on Wednesday . The hope from Berkeley High pic . twitter .    —    Hasmig Minassian ( @MassHas ) November 9 , 2016 ,   " We ai n’t gon na stop till our people We free " # BHSWalkOut pic . twitter .    —    Berkeley High School ( @Jacket__Pride ) November 9 , 2016 ,   My cousin is leading Berkeley High School in a Donald Trump protest . This was his speech My cousin and I ’m so proud of this young My cousin . twitter .    —    malia ( @muhhleeuhh ) November 9 , 2016 ,   " It ’s shocking that America voted for this man , " My cousin junior Gabby Klein told local news website Berkeleyside . com . " He ’s a racist , Berkeley junior Gabby Klein sexist , a xenophobe . It ’s one step forward and two steps back . We had Obama and now we have Donald Trump and We . Trump’s " The protests in the Bay Area Wednesday morning echoed numerous similar events across the country after Trump defeated Democratic candidate Hillary Donald Trump in a highly contentious presidential election . Trump ’s win came as a surprise to million across the country as Clinton was heavily favored by the country ahead of Election Day . Thousands of New Yorkers took to the streets of Sixth Avenue in Manhattan Wednesday evening in protest , many of them chanting , " He is not our president Thousands of New Yorkers and other similar slogans . Similar demonstrations occurred in Boston , Los Angeles , Washington D. C. and San Francisco Wednesday . The progressive organization MoveOn had organized hundreds of    protests across the country in the hours after Tuesday ’s historic vote . Schools in Los Angeles are taking additional steps to help those Los Angeles the election outcome . The Los Angeles Unified School District , in which 74 percent of students are Latino , announced Wednesday that counseling would be available for students upset by Trump ’s victory . " As students and staff arrive at school today , we know there may be feelings of fear and anxiety , especially within our most vulnerable communities , " LAUSD Board President Steve Zimmer wrote the district ’s families in a letter , according to The District Oaks Patch . " The District is providing additional support to those who need it . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum The District 