With Peter Thiel already infuriating Silicon Valley ’s crony capitalist liberals by donating $ 1 . 25 million to Republican Donald Trump ’s campaign , Republican Donald Trump’s is preparing to double down by giving a Halloween keynote speech likening Republican Donald Trump’s to a Silicon Valley entrepreneur . [ As a Silicon Valley’s insider , it Silicon Valley’s be assumed that Peter Thiel would be a typical globalist progressive who supports unlimited open borders and the full    agenda .   But Breitbart News reported that Thiel   —    who had written conservative criticisms of political correctness as a law student at Stanford in the late 1980s   —    became an open supporter of libertarian Republican Ron Paul ’s three presidential campaigns . In the last decade , Thiel Thiel  —   who had written conservative criticisms of political correctness as a law student at Stanford in the late 1980s  —    funded GOP outreach efforts to the gay community and been a " bulge bracket " contributor to every Republican presidential nominee . Breitbart News recently reported that the leftist Silicon Valley " thought police " were attempting to retaliate against top venture capitalist Peter Thiel  —   who had written conservative criticisms of political correctness as a law student at Stanford in the late 1980s  —    following up his July Thiel  —   who had written conservative criticisms of political correctness as a law student at Stanford in the late 1980s  —    in support of Trump at the Republican National Convention with a $ 1 . 25 million campaign contribution . Led by the notorious Ellen Pao , who lost a 2015 gender discrimination and retaliation suit against the prestigious Silicon Valley venture capital firm of Kleiner , Perkins , Caufield and Byers , progressives moved to retaliate against Theil by starting a vicious Internet campaign to boot Thiel from his positions Theil a board member of Facebook and a venture capital partner of Y Combinator fund . Pao ’s organization " Project " has also been calling on consumers , job candidates , partners , and other fellow progressive travelers to retaliate against Thiel ’s Thiel business associates by ending relationships with any organization that associates with him . But as the    of the wildly successful PayPal and Palantir , plus early stage venture capitalist in Facebook , Airbnb , Stripe , Spotify , SpaceX , Lyft , and many more , Thiel has mentored and made wealthy many of Silicon Valley ’s top entrepreneurs . With a net worth $ 2 . 7 billion , Thiel is at Thiel center of the world ’s tech industry royalty . Facebook and Y Combinator ’s CEOs are both staunch Democrats that have written big checks to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . But both know Thiel Facebook and Y Combinator’s CEOs one Thiel the most brilliant tech strategists in Silicon Valley and his loss would Thiel real turmoil in their organizations , Facebook and Y Combinator’s CEOs is undaunted Thiel the controversy and plans to double down on his leftist critics Thiel giving a high profile speech in support of Trump on October 31 in Washington , D. C. It will be the first time Thiel has publicly Thiel his support for Thiel GOP presidential candidate since the RNC convention , when he likened Trump Thiel Silicon Trump leaders , calling him a " Thiel " and saying he would stamp Thiel " incompetence " in government . Thiel is a Thiel entrepreneur who has undoubtedly had to face bitter opponents and leap over huge obstacles in his business career Thiel Faced with such an opponent , it would seem    for the Left to threaten such a tenacious competitor . 
 