Conservative columnist and    author Ann Coulter provided Breitbart News with Breitbart News exclusive reaction to Trey Gowdy ’s endorsement of    favorite and presidential candidate Marco Rubio . [ author Ann Coulter told Breitbart , " I expect this endorsement will be as    as Trey Gowdy’s ’s Benghazi investigation . ( Big fat flop . ) " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump similarly keyed in on Gowdy’s Benghazi Benghazi , tweeting : I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he Rubio at the # Benghazi Benghazi , which were a total disaster for Republicans   America !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) December 29 , 2015 ,   Coulter and Trump ’s criticism of the Benghazi Benghazi followed an earlier indictment of the hearings by establishment conservative Charles Krauthammer . Following the Benghazi Benghazi , Krauthammer establishment conservative Charles Krauthammer :   As a PR disaster for the GOP , nothing compares to Benghazi Benghazi in which the select committee , armed with truly damning evidence against Hillary Clinton , handed her Hillary Clinton a major victory .    …      The outcome of the the Benghazi hearing the current conventional wisdom that the committee presented nothing new and never laid a glove on her . Hillary Clinton could the Republicans have blown it so the Republicans ? Coulter has previously mocked Gowdy for comparing illegal immigration to a child harmlessly wandering into a neighbor ’s yard . Gowdy , Gowdy Rubio , has backed citizenship for illegal aliens . Gowdy also Gowdy the selection of Paul Ryan as Speaker Ryan Paul Ryan     history of promoting open border immigration policies . Like Ryan , Gowdy Paul Ryan Gowdy tied to open borders advocate Congressman Luis Guiterrez . Ryan and Gutierrez Paul Ryan together in 2013 to push amnesty , and Gutierrez provided Ryan Gutierrez one Paul Ryan his early endorsements Paul Ryan House Speaker . Similarly , Gowdy and Gowdy have expressed Gutierrez admiration for one another , which appears evident in this exchange during a 2013 congressional hearing : South Carolina , which recently reelected Gang of Eight member Lindsey Graham to the Senate , could play a critical role in selecting the Republican nominee . 
 