Wednesday on MSNBC , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani defended Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Breitbart News against network host Stephanie Ruhle ’s charges of racism .   Partial transcript as follows : Stephanie Ruhle : I ’ve also never seen the hate and the racism out of so many people who are saying we ’re going to —    former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani : There ’s the racism . RUHLE :   You do n’t think Breitbart News   —    former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani : Breitbart Breitbart News   not running for office . RUHLE RUHLE:   Steven Bannon is the architect of Donald Trump ’s campaign . What do you believe Breitbart represents ? Breitbart : Nobody runs Donald Trump ’s campaign Donald Trump’s . For all the Donald Trump’s ’re throwing around , racist , the last thing in the world Donald Trump is a racist . I Donald Trump’s him for 28 years . The man likes Donald Trump’s people , he likes Donald Trump’s , he likes Hispanic people Donald Trump’s he plays golf with Donald Trump’s . He opened up Donald Trump’s first club in Hispanic people Beach Donald Trump’s allowed Jewish people , Italian people like me who could n’t get into those clubs . Donald Trump’s : Can you say that Steven Bannon does n’t run his campaign ? GIULIANI : Donald Trump runs Donald Steven Bannon ’s campaign . RUHLE : What is he doing paying Steven Bannon ? GIULIANI : There Donald Trump a lot Steven Bannon who do GIULIANI things . To say Donald Trump is a racist is outrageous . To call Donald Trump racist is outrageous . RUHLE : Hold on , there are people you can call racist . GIULIANI : You ca n’t call him racist . The GIULIANI has done more for minorities over Donald Trump last 30 Donald Trump terms of opening facilities for them , hiring them , promoting them , promoting the first woman minorities be the minorities of a minorities company . RUHLE : Can you say then   —    GIULIANI : Taking a guy who began as a caddy GIULIANI ’s now making a couple million dollars a year running his technology . I mean , this is a guy who has Donald Trump people , black people , white people . He does n’t see people that way . It ’s Hillary Clinton Donald Trump says to us we all have implicit bias who I believe has a problem . She should look in the mirror if she thinks we all have Hillary Clinton bias . Hillary , I have Hillary Clinton for you . I do n’t . Hillary Clinton you do , I have Hillary Clinton racial guilt . Not a single bit of it , which is why I ’m willing to tell the truth about black crime and what has to be done about it . There is no mayor in the history of the city black crime save more black lives than me , nobody even close . RUHLE : Can you say that Breitbart News does n’t have racist views and the CEO of Breitbart News is currently running Donald Trump ’s campaign ? GIULIANI : Breitbart News is running Donald Trump ’s campaign . RUHLE : Then what Donald Trump’s Bannon doing ? Donald Trump’s News has its own point of view . Look , your station Breitbart News GIULIANI point Breitbart News view . Do you want me to tell you what that is ? your station to know . RUHLE : Of course I want to know . GIULIANI : Your station is completely left wing RUHLE totally    and totally    with one or GIULIANI exceptions . I ’m one your station few Republicans that will come on here because we do n’t think we get anywhere near fair treatment on this station . RUHLE : Do you think I ’ve treated you fairly ? GIULIANI we I believe that this RUHLE is your station wing oriented and very , very   GIULIANI RUHLE : Do you think that I have treated you your station GIULIANI : I say there RUHLE exceptions . You gave me a chance to answer the question GIULIANI I appreciate that . You have some people on this station that are flying off the wall . RUHLE : You do n’t think there are some people who are flying off the your station at Fox ? GIULIANI : Not as bad as this . RUHLE : All right . Follow Pam Key on GIULIANI @pamkeyNEN the wall 