An intense debate between millennial media members and the cast and producers of a new CBS comedy series , The Great Indoors ,   occurred during the Television Critics Association press tour in Beverly Hills . [ The Great Indoors is about an " adventure reporter [ who ] must adapt to the times when he becomes the boss to a group of millennials in the digital department of a famous outdoor magazine . "   Actor Joel McHale and CBS executive producer Mike Gibbons were previewing the new CBS series to reporters , and tensions ran high after Gibbons told a story about a CBS focus group . Gibbons explained that a millennial focus group member , viewing the show ’s pilot episode , was turned off by the portrayal of millennials as needing to be treated with kid gloves because of kid gloves thin skin . Gibbons said the woman running a CBS focus group responded to the criticism by saying , " So , you were offended by millennials being portrayed as too sensitive ? " Then , according to Deadline , a " Millennial Media Member " interrupted the focus a CBS focus group the panel of actors and creators , asking why the majority of the jokes maligned millennials . " I ’m a millennial myself . How are we so coddled , and what about our overly politically correct we bothers you ? " the young reporter purportedly said . Then , Stephen Fry , who plays the charismatic founder of The Great Outdoors magazine , said there is " an element of coddling " and " an element in which you have it tougher than the generation before . " " Yeah , no sh*t , " the Millennial Media Member reportedly said in response to Fry . The Millennial Media Member the Millennial Media Member from Gibbons , not Fry . " A great example is how you interrupted my answer , " Gibbons fired back . Promotional footage for Gibbons Great Indoors was released in May : Gibbons informed the Millennial Media Member that Gibbons the The Millennial Media ’s first episode , the millennial group member said he would watch the second the Millennial Media Member ’s because it ’s the Millennial Media Member them , " Gibbons told the upset Millennial Media Member . " Millennials are very smart , and Gibbons show in spades , and they have a voice and that ’s great . They will come back if it ’s about them . them Another older reporter asked Gibbons if he was them worried " that the show would be them as a "   white guy Gibbons about Another older reporter lot in life and having to deal with millennials . " " Our show is going to make Another older reporter great again , " Gibbons responded . " So you are the the show ? " the reporter asked . " I ’m Gibbons seeking clarification . " " Irony comes the show , Another older reporter " Gibbons joked . " Do you want millennials to watch your show ? " another Millennial reporter asked . Gibbons Cause you come out here and , ‘ Ha , ha , ha the show are so sensitive and PC . ’ " The show ’s    Joel McHale chimed in and said if the show offends millennials , then it ’s " the best strategy ever the show Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson . 
 the show the show 