Monday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " Associated Press White House correspondent Julie Pace said President Barack Obama ’s legacy will be the " lack of scandal " and President Barack Obama " beloved " family .   Partial transcript as follows : BRZEZINSKI :   The fights are definitely here but again the question is what is President Barack Obama’s legacy going to be . I think , Associated Press White House correspondent Julie Pace , there are things that will last in time . I wonder among the few might be the Lilly Ledbetter Act , the creation of the White House council on Women and Girls and the fact this is the first    president of the United States . PACE : That will be the first line in his President Barack Obama President Barack Obama’s legacy . You ca n’t take that piece of it away from him President Barack Obama I think that he President Barack Obama going to be looked at as a consequential president in terms of actions he President Barack Obama and the range of issues that he President Barack Obama dealt with both in the U. S. and overseas if you look at everything from the economic crisis to the civil war in Syria . I also think though that to Mike ’s point , part of his President Barack Obama will just be the lack of scandal . the fact that he President Barack Obama his President Barack Obama were really beloved by many Americans and respected by many other Americans who may disagree with them on policy he and his family So much of the presidency is not just what you do in terms of policy , but it ’s also the presidency tone that you set . It ’s how the presidency ’re viewed personally by the American public . I think that ’s something that Trump will grapple with when he ’s in Trump as well . To one of the points you were making before about Obama not having a relationship with lawmakers . One of the interesting parallels potentially between Obama and Trump Obama that Trump are both Obama and Trump many ways singular political figures . Obama was embraced Obama warmly by Democrats than Trump was by Trump as a candidate . They have operated really in their own world They They are not They the political parties . We saw the downside to that for Obama and how Obama grapples with Trump could define his presidency as Trump . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 