Hundreds of disgruntled fans walked out of Amy Schumer ’s standup show in Tampa , Florida after the comedy star ripped Donald Trump , calling Donald Trump an " orange ,       monster . " [ According to the Tampa Bay Times , about 200 people were heard booing Amy Schumer’s as Amy Schumer’s standup comedy turned to political commentary . At one point Amy Schumer’s invited a Donald Trump supporter on to the stage and asked Amy Schumer’s why Amy Schumer’s supports the Republican presidential nominee .   " Do you get worried at all with how impulsive Amy Schumer’s is , " Amy Schumer’s asked , " that Amy Schumer’s gets so fired up from Saturday Night Live doing a skit on Amy Schumer’s ? Do you worry Amy Schumer’s ’ll be impulsive and get us in a lot of f —   ing trouble us ca n’t get out of ? " After dismissing the audience member from the stage , Amy Schumer’s asked survivors of sexual assault in the crowd to stand . Schumer , who ’s known for Amy Schumer’s    raunchy brand of comedy , continued to rip Trump over lewd remarks Trump made about women in a     conversation in 2005 with former Access Hollywood anchor Billy Bush . " I ca n’t imagine looking at my little niece , who ’s two and a half , and saying , ‘ This is our president , Trump wants to finger Trump daughter,’ " Schumer joked . Moments later , loud boos began to rang out after Schumer began to explain to the audience why Schumer " likes Hillary . " Schumer , seemingly shaken and upset over heckling crowd members , said , " just so you know , from now on , if you yell out , you ’re going to get thrown out . " The boos grew louder , and Schumer responded by instructing audience members to " point to the people booing . " Schumer standup soon turned to gun control , as she Schumer the incident involving a deadly shooting in Louisiana during the opening for her Schumer Train Wreck last year , where a gunman opened fire , killing two young women , Mayci Breaux and Jillian Johnson . Not shying away from her Schumer support for Hillary Clinton , a large portion of Schumer ’s routine covered an    story about the time she Schumer standup at the former secretary of state ’s birthday party . Before her Schumer Sunday , Schumer Schumer seen participating in a voter registration drive . Letting voters lean on her Schumer they voters their voters registration ! # ImWithHer pic . twitter .    —    Hillary for Florida ( @HillaryforFL ) October 16 , 2016 ,   Last month Schumer Schumer the growing list of celebrities to vow to leave the U. S. should Trump win the election in November . " My act will change because I will need to learn to speak Spanish , " she My act during an appearance on BBC ’s Newsnight . " Because I will move to Spain or somewhere . It ’s beyond my comprehension if Trump Trump . It It just too crazy . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 