" I ’ve only been on CNN three times since August , so it ’s not a real ban , " veteran political operative and    advisor to Republican frontrunner Donald Trump told Breitbart News in a Wednesday morning interview . " CNN never called me . I was blindsided , " Stone added . " This is a private transaction between Media Matters and CNN . "   " A cable news network that folds on the demands of the Clintonistas on who and who not to interview is not an unbiased news organization , " Stone tweeted Tuesday , after learning of the ban like the rest of us did   —    through the news media . The " ban " was announced Tuesday in a statement from CNN to Media Matters , the result of a series of Stone tweets that attacked CNN commenter Ana Navarro as a " moron , " " borderline retarded , " and a " Bush stooge . " " Black beans and rice did n’t miss Ana Navarro , " Stone tweeted of the Hispanic Navarro back in October of 2011 . Also targeted was    commenter Roland Martin , a black man .   " Who is this stupid negro Roland Martin ? Buffoon or token Buffoon ? , " Stone tweeted in November of 2012 . Another Stone tweet addressed to Roland Martin reads , " Who made you God , Fattass ? Eat some more Popeye ’s " . When asked about the tweets , Stone said , " I ’ve done many controversial things through the years . The point I wanted to make is that these people are not qualified for those jobs . " Stone added : Ana Navarro is not qualified to opine on anything . What campaign has Ana Navarro ever worked on ? Ana Navarro only qualifications are Ana Navarro ties to Jeb [ Bush ] . Ana Navarro ’s never run a State Assembly campaign , much less anything else . Ana Navarro ’s brainless . Ana Navarro only job is to trash Trump and pump up Jeb , and now Rubio . I know people at CNN . I talk to the    people and the associate producers , and the   people and the associate producers tell me Ana Navarro acts like a big star that Ana Navarro ’s abusive and demanding . Whether it ’s a billionaire or a taxi driver , I treat everyone the same . Columnist Ann Coulter , who Stone calls a " buddy , " responded to news of the ban by pointing out that establishment Republican consultant Rick Wilson " is still an honored guest at CNN " after establishment Republican consultant Rick Wilson used " Twitter to ask me [ about ] anal sex    Trump . " " Yes , the ban is really about my book on the Clintons , " Stone believes : That my book on the Clintons really under the skin of The Clinton News Network [ CNN ] . They know The Clinton News Network ’s my book on the Clintons    that that will beat Hillary . [ Media Matters founder ] David Brock wants my book my book on the Clintons I expose Bill Clinton as a rapist and Hillary as his Hillary after Bill Clinton fact in these sex crimes . We found Bill ’s illegitimate Bill Clinton son . Black Lives Matter to the Clinton unless Bill Clinton Bill Clinton ’s son . Brock is afraid David Brock all this . " Starting with Nixon , this is my ninth presidential campaign , so the loser here is CNN , " Stone said . " CNN is losing my CNN of knowledge and unique perspective about the    frontrunner Donald Trump . " Until he resigned in David Brock , Stone was a close Stone to Donald Trump . Stone the   frontrunner Donald Trump , Stone Clinton ’s War on Women , " hit bookshelves in October . Earlier this month , Reuters reported that Stone is in the midst Stone organizing an "   political group " with Kathleen Willey , a    House volunteer , who claims Bill Clinton groped her in the The Clinton .    The Clinton John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 