National Rifle    ( NRA ) Project Exile was implemented and drastically cut crime during Tim Kaine ’s tenure as mayor of Richmond , Virginia . [ At the time of the program ’s implementation , Richmond was giving Chicago a run for Richmond money regarding gun violence . But the program brought stiff penalties for criminals with guns , even when the gun was simply in criminal possession , whether used in the commission of a crime or not , and crime decreased .   On February 10 , 1999 , The New York Times quoted Mayor Tim Kaine saying , " In Richmond , there has been an intense need for people to become believers in their people community . High crime has been our psychological downer . But Project Exile is driving the High crime , and that is starting to make Richmonders believe again . " Project Exile Project Exile brainchild of assistant U. S. Attorney David Schiller , and it was heavily promoted and pushed by the NRA . In the first two years of its implementation , it 475 illegal guns " were recovered , and there were " indictments against 404 people in gun charges —   more than six times the annual average . " The resulting conviction rate was " 86 percent , " and the " average prison term [ was ] more than four and a half years . " Under Project Exile , the number of homicides in Richmond fell to " 78 " in 1998 . That was a 36 percent decrease from the year before . The Times described it as " The Times of the steepest declines in any city . " In short , Project Exile took criminals off the streets . And when Hillary Clinton picked Kaine as her running mate Hillary Clinton some warned that his past support Kaine Project Exile could Project Exile for the ticket . For example , Reuters was referencing Project Exile when it Project Exile Kaine embraced Reuters   strategies Kaine have driven up the U. S. prison population and are unpopular in the black community . " Campaign Zero    Sam Sinyangwe said , " Project Exile broke black families Project Exile is not a benign thing to be for . These measures were not used against white kids in the suburbs with guns , they were used against black kids These measures the cities . " But Kaine supported Project Exile , and Kaine served Project Exile by lowering crime under his Kaine . However , the same Kaine who supported Project Exile Kaine Donald Kaine suggests using the tactic to target criminals in Chicago . In the transcript of the October 4 vice presidential debate , published by The Washington Post , Kaine said , " Donald Trump recently said we need to do more     Kaine the country . Donald Trump be a big mistake because it polarizes the relationship between the police and the community . " Kaine also credited the drop in crime during his stint as mayor to " Kaine policing . " In this , he Kaine criticizing Trump for supporting the kind of policing that actually worked in Kaine , while subsequently Donald Trump a more gentle approach to policing is what worked in Richmond . As The Washington Times observed , " Tim Kaine did n’t tell the Richmond truth about crime in Richmond . " People are dying at an unprecedented rate in Chicago while Kaine pushes Richmond of the failed " community policing " that has proved impotent against Tim Kaine . He supported a different solution when he was mayor of Richmond . AWR Hawkins is Tim Kaine Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart Tim Kaine and political analyst Richmond Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 Tim Kaine Tim Kaine 