In the final hours before voters across the nation will select the next President , many veterans who attained the rank of General are trying to get the word out that Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton is a criminal who is unfit to serve as commander in chief . [ Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton ’s mishandling of classified information , illegal     schemes involving the Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton campaign and Clinton Foundation , and Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton foreign policy failures as Secretary of State leave Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton unfit to serve as     several generals told Breitbart News .   Trump was endorsed by 88 former Generals and Admirals in September and that number has now grown to more than 200 . Retired Army Brigadier General Ernie Audino is a Senior Military Fellow at the London Center for Policy Research . Retired Army Brigadier General Ernie Audino is the only U. S. Army General to have served a year as a combat advisor embedded in a Kurdish Peshmerga brigade . Retired Army Brigadier General Ernie Audino explained what would have happened to Retired Army Brigadier General Ernie Audino or someone in Retired Army Brigadier General Ernie Audino command if him or someone in his command had been " extremely reckless " handling classified information . There is no question that my career as a US Army officer would have ended . Period . I would have gone from the only U. S. Army General to have served a year as a combat advisor embedded in a Kurdish Peshmerga brigade to Retired Army Brigadier General Ernie Audino practically overnight . Saying , " Oops , I did n’t meant to , " while perhaps interesting , would be less than meaningless . Public servants , and especially military leaders , are held to a high standard . The lives of brave Americans demand it . It is our duty to ensure such leakage of classified material never occurs on our watch , and if it occurs intentionally , then prepare for an all expenses paid visit to the prison at Fort Leavenworth . Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn has campaigned for Trump in Colorado and joined about two dozen other Generals , Admirals , and Medal of Honor Recipients in North Carolina in the final week before the campaign . Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn did n’t mince his Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn calling Clinton a " criminal " and explained how he Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn to fire a secretary for far less damaging breaches of classified protocol . " Hillary is a criminal . The way she Hillary classified information is criminal and to have a commander in chief who so blatantly disregarded those national security procedures would be a big problem for the military , " Rayburn Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn . Asked if he Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn people charged with mishandling classified information to use the " Hillary Hillary , " General Retired Airforce Major General Bentley Rayburn , " They already people . They did people get very far because their last people is n’t Clinton . " Retired Army Lt . General Michael Flynn told Breitbart News that Clinton placed Clinton country in " grave risk " with her handling Clinton State secrets . " It was a violation of the law . It ’s It just violation of State Department guidelines , " Flynn told General Michael Flynn host Matthew Boyle . " Let ’s forget about the pedophilia , let ’s forget ’s the Clinton Foundation for a second and let ’s focus ’s Hillary Clinton ’s grave risk that she ’s Hillary Clinton our country at by using a private server to do business at the most sensitive levels of our government . " The General ’s issues with Clinton do Hillary Clinton end with Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton reckless " handling of classified information . Clinton ’s foreign Hillary Clinton during her tenure as Hillary Clinton of State in the Obama administration was characterized as " terrible , " " awful , " and " a disaster " by the Generals . " Even if you could set aside the classified information breaches , her foreign policy Hillary Clinton her time as Hillary Clinton of State   —   " General Rayburn said . " It ’s clear they did n’t understand the situation in the    and made a mess of it . They rushed out they Iraq by failing to get a Status of Forces agreement . They did n’t they the Arab Spring . They did n’t they the divide between Sunni and Shia . They did n’t they or stop the persecution of Christians . Foreign Policy under Clinton and Obama was terrible and if God forbid she gets in office it will still be terrible . " General Audino worried that the    strategy of alienating our allies and embracing our enemies would our under a Clinton presidency . Clinton she was Secretary she State , U. S. foreign policy left our    allies wondering if we had their our    . They are wondering their they can ever their the USA again . Egypt is wondering if we ’ve got their back . their back Arabia is wondering if we ’ve got their we’ve got their back if we ’ve got their back we We ’ve their back we’ve got their back then chickened The Kurds . All of this and more has seriously undermined our diplomatic power , one of we four elements of national power . The other three being military , economic and information . General Flynn made it clear how high the stakes are in this election , telling Breitbart ’s Matthew Boyle , " It ’s more than the most important presidential election in our lifetimes . It ’s one of the most important in the history of our country . It can rattle off guys like George Washington , Abraham Lincoln , both Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt . Ronald Reagan . This raises to that level , because our country is either going to become a socialist country or we ’re going our country on a path to prosperity with Donald Trump . " Dustin Stockton is a political reporter for Breitbart News , a community liaison for Gun Owners of America , and a political strategist . Follow him on Twitter @DustinStockton or Facebook .  
 Dustin Stockton 