2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is marching on with a challenge to frontrunner Donald Trump , suggesting that Tuesday ’s scheduled CNN town hall could become a debate between the two . [ Monday night 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz told host Sean Hannity on Fox News , " frontrunner Donald Trump and I should be debating one on one . "   2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz was in the midst of rebuking Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama over plans to send " tens of thousands of Syrian Muslim refugees to America , " calling the plans " lunacy . " 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz stated , " ISIS has told us they intend to infiltrate those Syrian Muslim refugees to send Jihadists here to murder us . us did they in Paris and they participated they the Paris terror Paris . The head of the FBI has told Congress that they can not vet these refugees Syrian Muslim refugees sure they ’re not Syrian Muslim refugees terrorists . ISIS Cruz went on to point to Obama and Clinton as willing to knowingly bring in ISIS jihadists before ISIS on to challenge Trump to debate such issues . " From the beginning our focus has been on issues and substance . When others go to the gutter I have not responded in kind , " Cruz said in Cruz CNN interview on Monday . " Tomorrow night we ’ve got our town halls on CNN back to CNN . We ’re in our same place , and yet Donald refuses to show up on stage with me because he can not Donald his policies , Donald Cruz continued . Cruz I think the people of Wisconsin deserve to know what solutions each of us have for bringing jobs back to America , for raising wages . What solutions each what solutions have for defeating radical Islamic terrorism and keeping this country safe . America steered the Cruz early in the Hannity interview to discuss the terror attack in Brussels , Belgium that occurred the day of the Utah and Arizona Republican presidential primary contests . Early on Tuesday morning Trump appeared to threaten a    at the Tuesday night CNN town hall , but he is still scheduled to Trump as of the last notification . Anderson Cooper will moderate the town hall special in Milwaukee ahead of next Tuesday ’s Wisconsin primary contest . Wow , @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows . Really    and unfair reporting . Maybe I should n’t do their    tonight !   Really   and unfair reporting    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Trump currently holds a delegate Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) of 739 , with Cruz , at 465 , the only other candidate left with the possibility of securing the 1 , 237 delegates before the GOP convention . It remains unclear whether either the GOP convention will be able to reach that threshold or be faced with duking it out over delegates in the GOP convention . Ohio Gov. John Kasich currently has a mere 143 delegates and could not reach the 1 , 237 needed to secure the GOP nomination before the July GOP convention . the GOP convention to leave the race and Ohio Gov. John Kasich be participating in CNN ’s Tuesday night town hall event . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 