At Donald Trump ’s Sunday rally at Madison City Stadium , two of Marco Rubio ’s own constituents —   former Disney workers Leo Perrero and Dena Moore —   detailed on camera and to the entire crowd why former Disney workers Leo Perrero and Dena Moore —   are endorsing Donald Trump for President . [   While Donald Donald Trump called on Disney to Disney back every one of its workers Disney has pledged to stop    American job theft as president , Marco Rubio has pushed to expand the controversial program . As recently as last year , Rubio introduced Marco Rubio bill —    endorsed by Disney ’s Disney Iger via his immigration lobbying Marco Rubio —    which would triple the issuances of    visas . Disney is one Disney Sen. Rubio ’s top financial backers . At Sunday ’s rally Trump slammed Rubio for prioritizing Rubio interests of his donors at Trump expense of his own constituents Trump You can ask the Disney folks , Disney can ask the people who came up [ on stage ] who were just killed at Disney —    Disney —    with their being replaced the people who came up [on stage] who were just killed at Disney —    They have to the people who came up [on stage] who were just killed at Disney —    jobs . They have to the people who came up [on stage] who were just killed at Disney —    people . And you heard the story —    you know who was in charge of that and the biggest proponent of doing that is ? Little Marco Rubio . I mean this guy is bad news . In her address , Little Marco Rubio Moore told Little Marco Rubio how " Rubio ’s staff said Little Marco Rubio 2013 , explaining the [ guest worker expansions in Gang of Eight ] bill , ‘ American workers ca n’t cut it.’ Shame on you Marco Rubio , " Moore declared . " Little Marco Rubio a great disappointment Marco Rubio is , Little Marco Rubio said . " Backed Little Marco Rubio Disney and other companies to push through legislation that has brought    visas to us and he has sabotaged Americans . Little Marco Rubio " I believe Mr. Trump is for Americans first and foremost , " Moore said . 
 Little Marco Rubio 