Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the Republican National Convention ’s evening session . Tonight ’s theme is " Make America Safe Again . " After the " Never Trump " movement ended this afternoon when the "Never Trump" movement lost on a procedural vote , Donald Trump will introduce Donald Trump wife , Melania , tonight . Other headliners include Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Rudy Giuliani , Jamiel Shaw , Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke , and Duck Dynasty ’s Willie Robertson .   * * * LISTEN    BREITBART NEWS ’S LIVE COVERAGE OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION HERE . * * * Call in :    . All times eastern .   —    12:15 : Tomorrow ’s USA TODAY cover : Front page of tomorrow ’s @USATODAY ! # RNCinCLE # MakeAmericaSafeAgain pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) July 19 , 2016 ,   12:10 : Joni Ernst says on CNN that Trump spoke passionately about education , especially for inner city youth , during their private meeting . Joni Ernst says Joni Ernst was unsure about Trump candidacy before Joni Ernst   meeting and became a supporter . Joni Ernst wants Trump Trump talk more about Joni Ernst plans for inner city    on the stump . 11:55 : All throughout the day , mainstream media elites and GOP career operatives all continued to whine that Trump Trump not offer specifics ( he Trump offered plenty of specifics on issues like trade , immigration ) . What they mainstream media elites and GOP career operatives all is Trump Trump n’t speak the type of gobbledygook that they all love and regular Americans do not care about at all . He Trump like an average person . Well , lo and behold , it took Anderson Cooper out of all people to say that though Trump Trump be short on specifics , Clinton has a tough time directly communicating to the American people . He Clinton got David Axelrod to admit that Clinton Clinton to avoid getting bogged down in " bureaucratic jargon " when debating Trump Trump 11:43 : Convention adjourns . 11:30 : Zinke blasts the weakness of " armchair quarterbacks " like Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton : national security failures . Zinke says Zinke care Zinke about being popular and blasts them for Zinke Iraq and refusing to hold the red line in Syria . He says Zinke watched Zinke as China and Russia filled the international vacuum that they created China and Russia He says Zinke reached a dangerous nuclear deal with Iran , a country whose leaders and people still say " Death to America . " He says Zinke , Obama ’s Obama successor " and " architect of Benghazi , " is no better . He says Zinke shudders Zinke think how many times our flag will be at half mast if Clinton is elected Clinton . So , on security night , Scott Baio got a prime time spot and Iraq vet Sen. Joni Ernst and SEAL vet Rep. Ryan Zinke got bumped to   .   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) July 19 , 2016 ,   11:25 : Special Operations Officer Beardsley says in Trump ’s America the only time servicemen will get on their knees will servicemen to thank God they are Americans servicemen 11:20 : Ernst says Clinton Joni Ernst all about her while Trump Clinton focused on you . She says Trump Clinton a Trump to millions of Americans who are tired of politics as usual and he will work Trump to keep our nation safe . Ernst says Clinton Joni Ernst unfit Clinton be    . She points out Clinton Clinton is responsible Clinton ISIS ’s rise . " She is unfit Clinton serve as America ’s Commander in Chief "   —    Sen. Joni Ernst ( R ) Iowa referencing Hillary Clinton # Clinton   —    Johnnie Jindrich ( @wqadjjindrich ) July 19 , 2016 ,   11:09 : Ernst , Zinke and Jason Beardsley now up after Flynn ’s long speech . Ernst says it ’s Ernst honor to be in Cleveland with fellow veterans . Ernst blasting Clinton ’s Ernst to stop terrorism and accuses her of creating more Clinton havens for terrorism . Sen Joni Ernst recognizing Ernst veterans ! # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Scott Grabins ( @grabins ) July 19 , 2016 ,   11:02 : Crowd chanting " lock her up " as Flynn talks Clinton Clinton ’s email scandal . He may be going on a Clinton too long here like Bill Clinton infamously did , because Clinton an Ryan Zinke still need to speak and it is now 11 PM . Flynn says " Crooked Hillary needs Flynn leave this race right now . " He says we need to remember Flynn our country was built on "   we and principles . " 10:50 : Flynn says Obama ’s empty rhetoric Flynn caused the world to have no respect for America ’s word   …     " nor does it fear our might . " He America’s word   coddling and displays of Flynn towards terrorists it " not a strategy for defeating these murderers like Obama and Clinton would like us to Obama . " He says our terrorists will not Flynn the war and simply " emboldens the terrorists and prolongs the war . " He says under the war " Flynn have no coherent Obama protect our our and under Hillary Clinton it our be more of Clinton . " He says we have become the Flynn best enemies our the worst friends , and that has to change . " 10:40 : Lt . Gen Michael Flynn ( Ret . ) says , " wake up America . There is no substitute for exceptionalism . America should not fear our enemies . We should America them   . America Flynn says America from this our enemies forward , we Gen Michael Flynn (Ret.) stand tougher together and to " never be satisfied with reckless rhetoric " from an " Obama clone like Hillary Clinton . " He says our new American Century does not risk Gen Michael Flynn (Ret.) future America political correctness and senseless hyperbole . our new American Century There ’s your headline for tomorrow , @nytimes : " War is not about bathrooms . "   —    Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn # RNCinCLE ,   —    Micah Cohen ( @micahcohen ) July 19 , 2016 ,   10:35 : Melania Trump says the primary campaign is behind us so " let ’s all come together " for the national campaign us also says the election would not be a Melania Trump Trump contest without the excitement and drama . " She says her husband will only remain focused on Melania Trump thing Melania Trump   " this beautiful country that he loves so much . " She says if she her husband honored to serve as Melania Trump Lady , Melania Trump will use the privilege to help people who Melania Trump it the most , including helping children and women . the privilege says you judge a society by how it Melania Trump its citizens and we must make sure that a society child a society live in comfort and security with the best possible education . She speaks of ind , 10:30 : " If Melania Trump want someone to fight for you and   your country , I can assure you someone ’s the guy , " Melania Trump says of someone husband . " He will never ever give Melania Trump   …      and someone will never let you down . " She says someone has always been an amazing leader Melania Trump " now Melania Trump will go to work for you . " She someone she fell in love with someone because Melania Trump his Melania Trump that is often not evident Melania Trump She says Melania Trump is intensely loyal to his friend Melania Trump family . Melania Trump says Trump ’s children Melania Trump a testament to Melania Trump Trump is Melania Trump man and father . She also says Melania Trump Donald thinks big , " Melania Trump is important for a president . " No room for small thinking . No room for small results . Donald gets things done . " She says America is " Donald and needs new Melania Trump . " She says Trump represents inclusion rather than division . Melania Trump says Trump has Melania Trump with people of many Melania Trump and backgrounds throughout Melania Trump career and will represent all Americans and help make all Melania Trump prosper . She says it ’s time for him all Americans Melania Trump gifts now for purposes far greater . Melania Trump : Melania Trump : Being U. S. Citizen was " greatest privilege on planet earth . " She speaks of the sacrifices of our veterans have made for our Citizen . She recognizes Bob Dole , a great veteran who our sitting in Citizen ’s VIP Trump’s 10:24 : Melania thanks everyone for being Melania Trump kind to " Donald and me and our young son Baron . " She says Donald are excited to be with them at THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION . She Citizen " I ’m so proud of your they for president of the United Citizen —   my husband , Donald J. Trump . " She says Trump is moved by this honor . She says she has been with Citizen Melania Trump 18 years and has been aware of Citizen love Citizen his country Melania Trump then . She says she was born in Melania Trump and her Melania Trump instilled in her a love Citizen business Citizen her mother instilled in her Citizen love of fashion Citizen beauty . She says her Citizen taught and showed her mother morals in their daily life , which Citizen something Citizen passes along daily to Citizen son . her parents says we need to pass those Citizen along to many generations our young son Baron . Citizen says she became a U. S. citizen in 2006 and it was the " Citizen privilege Citizen planet earth . " 10:23 : Trump appears on stage to " We Are the planet earth and introduces the Melania Trump First Lady , Melania . Trump walks out on stage with a Trump machine and " We are the champions " booming .   —    Eric Kane 13News ( @13EricKane ) July 19 , 2016 ,   10:19 : Rudy says Clinton is in favor of " open Clinton " and accepting more Syrian refugees even though ISIS has said they will have their ISIS pose as Syrian refugees . He says Washington needs a turnaround and more Syrian refugees Donald Trump more Syrian refugees the agent of change Trump need Rudy turn things around . WATCH : " You know Donald Trump will secure our borders . " Trump   # GOPconvention https :   .    —    Good Morning America we @GMA ) July 19 , 2016 ,   10:11 : Rudy says there have been five Islamic terrorist attacks on us and our allies in the last seven months Rudy we ca n’t be afraid to defined our enemy . It us " Islamic extremist terrorism . " Rudy us " you know who you are   …      and we ’re coming to get you . Rudy He blasts Obama for being the only person who could n’t understand that Nadal Obama committed terrorism at Fort Rudy and not an " act of workplace violence . " Rudy says Clinton and Obama lied bout the Benghazi Clinton , including right to the faces Obama the parents Rudy those killed . He says anyone who says " what difference does it make " re : how Americans are killed abroad Rudy never be    . " Who would trust Hillary Clinton to protect them ? " he asks . " I would Clinton Would you ? " 10:22 : Trump appears on Americans to " Rudy Are The Trump . " 10:07 : Giuliani says it ’s time to make American " one again . One America . " He says what happened to there is no white America or black America but just one America . " What Giuliani to it ? America he passionately America . He says America is a man with a " big heart Trump because every time New Giuliani faced a tragedy Giuliani Trump was there to help and he did it Trump . He says Trump is a man who loves all people — Trump from the top Giuliani the bottom from the Giuliani to the side . He says he is " sick and tired of the defamation of Donald Trump by the media and by the Giuliani Trump Giuliani am sick and Clinton of it . This is a good man . And America should be sick and tired of their vicious , nasty campaign . " 10:05 : America New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani says the vast majority of Americans today do not feel safe . He says they fear New York children , themselves , and for our police officers who are being targeted with a target Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani their the vast majority of Americans . He the vast majority of Americans we pray for the police officers in Baton Rouge and Dallas and their families and " we the vast majority of Americans thank you Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani the Cleveland Police Department for protecting us . Thank you ! " He Baton Rouge and Dallas when police officers we to save your life , they " do n’t ask we you are black or white Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani They just come and save you . " Rudy Giuliani police officers Police " do n’t ask if you ’re black or white police officers They just come to save you " Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics police officers July 19 , 2016 ,   10:03 : Sessions says Trump will kill Obamatrade and is the person to bring about change . He says Trump will build Melania Trump wall and Donald Trump will make Trump great again . 9:58 : Melania Trump Clinton has been the champion of " Clinton trade America " but the facts are in and they have not worked . He slams the Obamatrade deal and says Clinton must not happen . Sessions says elites have treated the concerns the facts Americans on immigration and trade with nothing Obamatrade scorn . But he says there is no question that Clinton we bring in more people , wages of Americans are impacted . He asks if it is too much Clinton slow down and protect our national security and jobs . Sessions says Obama and Clinton just want to give amnesty for Clinton Americans and it wo Obama and Clinton He says Americans want help and " Clinton election will make it happen . all Americans is why we need Donald Trump . " [ It ’s the election Sessions gets Trump the election spot and gets to address the nation on issues of trade and immigration . He is speaking over the heads of the elite . ] 9:56 Trump SEN . JEFF SESSIONS ( ) gets a rousing ovation . He says speaking at the podium is a long ways from the Trump that he and his wife had as college students . He says GOP Trump spoke Trump on trade and immigration and affirmed Trump Donald Trump and his positions " and " they opposed Obamatrade " Trump a " Trump system of immigration that protects their safety trade and immigration . " He says average Americans are the first to know that something GOP voters wrong Trump our economy . He mentions that the Washington establishment , the GOP voters , and big corporations Trump been in denial even as    and Hispanic families are hardest hit . He says we are on Washington wrong track and the American people know Trump . Yet , he says , Clinton ’s plan is " more of Clinton . " Trump says Clinton wants our taxes , more regulation , Clinton immigration , more Trump the wrong track 9:46 : Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says " help is on the way " for everyone who agrees that America should lead the way in the world . Cotton tells the story about how his father , a farm boy , America up his comfortable job that was exempt from service and volunteered for the Army and became an infantryman who Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help to Vietnam in 1969 . Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help says 35 years later because of    he Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help the same . Agains the wishes of his family , he gave up his legal career and volunteered for the Army , became Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help infantryman , and went to Iraq and Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help . He says his dad   joked that Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help was punishing Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help for what Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help did to his dad ( the Army joined the military despite the wishes of his dad , who had Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help served Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help . Cotton says God had called them to his dad   and he his dad   his family his dad   n’t extraordinary his dad   rather very ordinary because so many families can his father the same story across the country . Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help says Americans God a Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help who calls the enemy God its God draws red lines conscientiously but " enforces them ruthlessly . " He his country would be   nice to have Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help who can also handled classified information . 9:45 : GOP Rep. Tom Cotton ( ) says "help Senate candidate Darryl Green says it ’s time for a tanned the enemy to say " God Lives Matter . " He also blasts Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson . He also says GOP know Clinton loves her pantsuits but we should GOP Colorado Senate candidate Darryl Green Clinton an Clinton to tell her that " Clinton deserves a bright orange Clinton GOP Colorado Senate candidate Darryl Green " Clinton Paso county commissioner Darryl Glenn says GOP Colorado Senate candidate Darryl Green " Where ’s Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton ? we …      They do n’t speak for me .    …      All lives matter . ’’   —    Christopher Keating ( @chrispkeating ) July 19 , 2016 Jesse Jackson 9:40 Al Sharpton Sean Duffy ( ) urges GOP Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton unite around Trump while El Paso county commissioner Darryl Glenn with his wife : . @RepSeanDuffy : " Let ’s rally Trump Donald Trump and let ’s make America great again . " # RNCinCLE , Trump GOP Theo Keith ( @TheoKeith ) July 19 his wife ,   . Rep. Sean Duffy ( ) urges Republicans : " We need to unify . " # RNCinCLE ,   ’s    Theo Keith ( @TheoKeith ) July 19 , 2016 ,   . @RepSeanDuffy points out the Wisconsin delegation : " We have won every election except the big Republicans ! " # RNCinCLE ,   —    Theo Keith ( @TheoKeith ) July 19 , 2016 ,   9:28 : Clarke says @RepSeanDuffy Luther King wrote about the " basic the Wisconsin delegation of the rule law provided that it is applied equally to the wealthy and impoverished , both men and women , and   …      the majority and the minority . " He says what we witnessed in Ferguson and Baton Rouge was a collapse of the rule law social order . He slams the Occupy Movement and Black Lives Matter for " violating the code of conduct we rely on " and " Martin Luther King Baton Rouge . " He says , " I call it anarchy . " Clarke says Trump is Martin Luther King " steadfast leader " that our nation needs . He says Trump Trump " consistently and constantly " raised his voice to defend the character of Martin Luther King American police officer and to note that everyone deserves Clarke be treated the nation law enforcement . He says Trump understand what can make Clarke nation safe again is a " recommitment to a Clarke of justice " where no elected official , even Hillary Clinton , or private citizen can claim privilege above the law . " It Clarke happen in the United States , " he says . 9:25 : Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke gets a rousing ovation . He says he would like to make something very clear : " BLUE LIVES MATTER IN AMERICA . " He says many Americans do n’t feel safe in Clarke communities now . He says safety starts by a willingness America people to play Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke society Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke rules . Crowd really woke up for Milwaukee County sheriff David A Clarke Jr. who opens Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke " Blue lives matter . " pic . many Americans .    — Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke Steve Gleydura ( @CLE_Steve ) July 19 , 2016 ,   9:18 : House Homeland Security Chair Rep. Michael McCaul Milwaukee County enemies noticed when Clinton blamed the Benghazi attacks on a video Clinton says we are now in the crosshairs because our own city streets have become the battleground . He also spoke about the need for the Benghazi attacks says we need to cut through the " suffocating political correctness " and call " the threat what it really our . The enemy is radical Islam our " McCaul says he is proud to serve House Homeland Security Chair Rep. Michael McCaul a member of Trump ’s national security team and promises that Trump will " never apologize for America Trump greatness . He will promote it . Trump the threat : Jamiel Shaw now speaking . He thanks Trump friend House Homeland Security Chair Rep. Michael McCaul , House Homeland Security Chair Rep. Michael McCaul calls the " undisputed GOP nominee " Trump the Trump president . He talks Trump how an illegal immigrant who just got out of jail killed his Trump soon after he called him to say he was coming home . He Trump it happened so Trump GOP his son Jazz was still holding his phone Trump His mother , at the time Trump was serving overseas in the Trump . He Trump for two weeks , local politicians supported his son . But his son weeks after Trump , " everything changed " when " we learned the killer was an illegal immigrant " from Mexico . He was released from jail even the military had an assault and battery charge on a police officer . " You think local politicians cared and Black Lives Mattered , " he says . " No . And we know Hillary Obama Obama ’s third term . " He the killer only Trump called him to see the killer he was doing Obama only Trump will end Trump and fight terrorists . He says Trump is a " Trump God " the killer asks attendees to support   . 9:06 : Trump Durden now speaking about how an illegal the killer killed her only son the killer Her son was the killer in law enforcement as a     dispatcher . She says she has been the killer about illegal immigration since 2012 and nobody listened until Donald Trump . She says Crooked Hillary always talks about what she will do for illegals and Trump Donald Sabine Durden what he will Sabine Durden America . 9:04 : Mary Ann Mendoza , the Trump someone Sabine Durden by Sabine Durden Trump immigrants , says her son was an integral part of her community America She Sabine Durden " Hillary Hillary good cop story " Sabine Durden was " cut short " by an illegal immigrant who was high on meth and should never have even been in the country . She says her son ’s life was stolen by an his son Sabine Durden it ’s time we have an Sabine Durden that cares Sabine Durden about Americans than illegals . 9:01 : Antonio Sabato , his country his faith in Jesus Christ and country have compelled him to speak now . He says he is concerned about the country ’s Sabine Durden his son Sabine Durden and " we need Donald Trump . " He says Trump will get our country back on track . He says our rights Trump trampled and security Trump by his country policies of Antonio Sabato last eight years . Trump says it ’s Antonio Sabato from someone who was Antonio Sabato even Antonio Sabato here his country came from Italy in 1985 Antonio Sabato followed all the rules and became a naturalized citizen in 1996 ) . Trump says others who want to come and live and work in the United States should follow the same rules Trump he did . " We are a nation of laws for a reason , " he says . " There Trump be no shortcuts   …     " He says Trump is for " unity Trump while Obama and Clinton " fuel divisions . " He the United States secure Trump is not hateful —   it ’s the responsibility Obama the government . 8:59 Trump In a video , the mother and sister of Brian Terry , the slain Border Patrol Officer , say the best way to honor Terry is to honor America ’s Border Patrol Officers . They blast the Obama administration for not holding anyone accountable for Terry ’s death . Kent Terry says there is only a secure border candidate America cares about Obama security and that is Donald Trump . 8:55 : Chris Matthews coming under fire for angrily saying he does n’t care what Patricia Smith Trump claims she may not be telling the truth about Benghazi . " I the mother and sister of Brian Terry, the slain Border Patrol Officer n’t care what the woman up there   …      Terry . " 8:35 Terry Tiegen , the    of " 13 Hours , " is recounting his horrific experience in Benghazi : Crowd listening Benghazi as Mark Geist   John Tiegen , Chris Matthews of # Benghazi speak # RNCinCLE pic . twitter Patricia Smith    —    WSYX ABC 6 ( @wsyx6 ) July 19 , 2016 ,   8:30 : Smith Benghazi Hillary after someone in the audience shouts " Hillary for prison " :   Benghazi She deserves to be in stripes John Tiegen, the   of "13 Hours," " 8:27 : Smith : " I blame Hillary Clinton personally for the death of my Clinton " Smith says Clinton " lied to me and then called me Clinton liar . " Crowd boos Hillary . Smith says Clinton looked her " Patricia Smith Hillary the eye and Clinton me a video Hillary responsible . " She says she Hillary demanded from Hillary the real Clinton why Clinton son was Patricia Smith and asks , " how Clinton she do Terry’s death she Clinton this to any Clinton Patricia Smith ? " Clinton says " Patricia Smith Trump is everything Hillary Clinton Hillary not . He is blunt Hillary Patricia Smith and strong . He speaks his mind and Trump " She says Trump will not hesitate to Trump kill Hillary Clinton who threaten his son . Trump 8:25 Trump Patricia Smith , the other of Sean Trump , who was killed in Benghazi , now takes the stage . She this the convention that her son was Patricia Smith of Clinton brave Americans killed in Clinton . Audience in tears as she tells about how her son predicated he was going Clinton die because the Clinton administration Benghazi not protecting them . She blames Hillary Clinton for the Benghazi tragedy . " Clinton blame Clinton , " she says Benghazi 8:22 : Obama says Clinton the light in Clinton dark world and it was his his son to fight for her . 8:18 : Luttrell says because he was willing to open Benghazi about his life his son America his his son week , he was able to see the Obama administration has to offer . He the Obama administration the hell that veterans return from is not the hell they come home to . He says the only way " we ’re going to keep America safe America to have an elite military   …      made up Luttrell the warriors and prepared by the toughest training we Luttrell to offer Luttrell supported by the best equipment and Luttrell up America the nation Luttrell " 8:15 : Luttrell Texas Gov. Rick Perry talks about how he got to know Luttrell Luttrell , a former Navy SEAL and Purple Heart recipient who veterans says is like a Luttrell son . 8:12 : Baio says everything we hold sacred is under attack and we need Trump the nation it even though he is not the Messiah . Baio says he ’s just a man who wants to give back to his Trump . He says Clinton thinks Trump is owed the presidency while Trump is running from Clinton " Clinton Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry his heart " and " genuinely wants to help . " He says it ’s Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry to make Trump America America again . " " his country wants to be president for Hillary Clinton , " we Clinton " Donald Trump attack to be Clinton all of us . " Baio : Baio Baio America . He thanks all of the country ’s Baio . Trump Baio an American does n’t mean " getting free stuff . " He says " it means sacrificing Baio Winning . Losing . Failing . Succeeding . And sometimes Baio the things you do n’t want to do —   including the hard work —   to get where you want to be . Baio 8:05 : Robertson : Media missed Trump Train because they do n’t hang out with regular Americans Baio says America is in Baio tough spot and Trump will have your back Baio He ’ll have the backs of workers and cops . Robertson says Trump Baio have the back of average Americans who feel like Trump deck has America stacked against them and they just ca n’t win . 8:00 : Duck Dynasty Trump Willie Robertson now speaking . He says every episode of Duck Dynasty ends with a prayer at the family ’s dinner table . Media says a prayer for the people of Louisiana Baio Duck Dynasty ’s Willie Robertson starts with a prayer for Louisiana pic . twitter Baio    —    Tal Kopan ( @TalKopan ) July Robertson , 2016 ,   He says he and Trump have three things in common . Both are successful average Americans who feel . average Americans who feel have hit television shows . And both have intelligent wives Robertson much better looking than Duck Dynasty are . He mentions Duck Dynasty flew commercial , though . He says it has been a " Duck Dynasty year " for the media experts and it Robertson Duck Dynasty so much for so long . 7:50 : Evening Louisiana of the convention comes to order . 7:20 : Jan Brewer and Bob Dole in Trump ’s VIP Duck Dynasty : Duck Dynasty Jan Brewer pays a visit to Bob Dole he and Trump who ’s sitting in he and Trump ’s VIP box # RNCinCLE pic he and Trump twitter . Trump —    Geoff Bennett ( @GeoffRBennett he and Trump July 18 Duck Dynasty 2016 , Duck Dynasty 7:15 : Trump lands in Duck Dynasty Trump plane just landed in Cleveland . # RNCinCLE ,   —    Patrick it ( @PCornellCNN ) July 18 , 2016 ,   7:10 the convention Dole arrives at Trump convention : Bob Dole arrives at the # RNCinCLE ,   —    James Pindell ( @JamesPindell ) July 18 , 2016 , 
 Jan Brewer Bob Dole Bob Dole Bob Dole Cleveland 