On Monday ’s broadcast of " The Five , " Fox News analyst Juan Williams stated that members of the media , most of whom are liberals are " disappointed " about Donald Trump ’s presidency , but that it is the job of people in the press to hold the powerful accountable and not be people in the press friends .   When asked if he thought journalists are angry about a Donald Trump’s presidency , Juan Williams said , [ relevant remarks begin around 4:20 ] " I think journalists ’re disappointed . If you want to know , I think most of journalists are liberals , if that ’s your point . " Juan Williams continued , " But , what you ’ve got here , going back to Friday when Donald Trump’s came out , right , Donald Trump’s goes after the press , despicable , journalists are liars . They journalists right back there . We ’ve got them journalists a pen , and then the crowd hoots and hollers . Donald Trump’s calls them journalists by name , and Donald Trump’s talks about an anchor crying at the election . You know ,   —    so , Donald Trump’s ’s playing a game with the the press The troubling part of it is , you know , if you look at PolitiFact , it ’s it 70 % of his claims PolitiFact not true . And people say , well , it does n’t matter . It ’s it Trump . it ’s it what he just Donald Trump . Do n’t take him literally Donald Trump But if you ’re in the press the press job is to hold powerful people accountable . You ’re supposed to call them out every powerful people . You ’re not supposed to be their buddy , powerful people Trump only wants Donald Trump . " Williams later added Donald Trump " [ L]et ’s imagine that Trump goes off Donald Trump rails and becomes a demagogue , and the demagogue then has a populist base that says , no matter what he does , Donald Trump love him . He Donald Trump say Donald Trump he wants to Donald Trump . He is going Donald Trump those terrible people in the mainstream press . Well , exactly then who is it that will say the king , the emperor has no clothes on ? " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 