Donald Trump Jr. tells a group of voters in Elko , Nevada that Donald Trump Jr. father —   Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump —   fully supports the Second Amendment right to shoot back in    when under attack . [ Donald Trump Jr. introduced himself Donald Trump Jr. Elko Elko , saying :   If you do any research on me Donald Trump Jr. ’ll see I ’m a competitive high power shooter —   long range —   obviously a big hunter and I reload myself Donald Trump Jr.    …     The the Second Amendment something to me Donald Trump Jr. It ’s the the Second Amendment Amendment the Second Amendment not like it the Second Amendment some sort of crazy after thought that happened over a 100 years later . It ’s number two , the Second Amendment the pretty basic rights of freedom of speech . He then transitioned to his father , saying : He ’ll say this about my father , and he his father get the He for it because he ’s from New the credit He but when San Bernardino happened , when the Paris attacks happened , my father was the first guy his father only guy who say , ‘ Hey guys , in these places where you have the toughest gun laws in the world , if there were a couple of bullets flying the other way maybe that changes the game a little bit.’ On January 10 Breitbart News reported that GOP presidential hopeful Donald Trump was on Meet the Press when he told host Chuck Todd that an Donald Trump citizenry reminds bad guys that " bullets go both ways . " He added : If in Paris or Donald Trump in California recently , where the fourteen people were killed and probably others to follow —   in terms of that group because you have some people who are very , very badly wounded —   if in Paris they had guns or if in Paris some people who are very, very badly wounded they had guns , ] California the some people who are very, very badly wounded side , where the bullets go both ways , not just in one direction . You would n’t have had the kind of carnage that you had . On April 11 , 2015 , Trump told Breitbart News , " It is absolutely imperative that we maintain the Second Amendment in its strongest form . " AWR Hawkins the Second Amendment the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 