Just when they thought it was safe to go outside again , the political press is breaking out the smelling salts again . [ they ’re back to having the vapors and breaking out in warts over the    vulgarian holding court at his fabulous and opulent New Jersey golf course . Trump National Bedminster has become    Trump National Bedminster ’s White     as he Trump National Bedminster countless dignitaries , revolutionaries , and even establishment politicians who have come from near and far to kiss the giant ring .   The personal , private torture all this public groveling must be for Mr. Romney , who spent the past year and a half doing everything he Trump National Bedminster to keep the Republican nominee from winning the White House he Trump National Bedminster failed to win four years ago . At least you ca n’t say Mr. Trump did not warn us : Early on , he Mr. Trump that he Mr. Trump a big believer in torture   —    as long as it works . In the case of Mr. Romney , it it does . He Mr. Romney be a good upstanding Mormon , but the Mr. Trump can not get enough of this torture and domination . Called back for a redo of his interview Mr. Romney be secretary of state , Mr. Romney Mr. Romney heels and Mr. Romney . This is the same guy who said Mr. Trump was immoral , dishonest , tyrannical and unfit to hold public office . Now the guy Mr. Trump carry out Mr. Trump ’s foreign Mr. Trump the world . Wow . Who knew what a bullet we actually dodged in 2012 when this bumbling loser lost the race for the White House ? And we thought another four years we Barack Obama was bad . Now the press is breathing heavily into a paper bag , hyperventilating that Mr. Trump is still tweeting Mr. Trump ? So the guy breaks Mr. Trump and scraps his way around them Mr. Trump talk directly to voters unfiltered the media and now that he is going to Mr. Trump White House they want him to the White House megaphone ? the media Mr. Trump n’t think so . That is not going to happen . So , in a typical Trumpian flash of flaming glory , the    opined about throwing people in jail for burning the American flag . Or stripping them of citizenship . So delightful ! How about people them to Cuba to practice free speech for a year ? See how they like the thin gruel served in Fidel ’s them , now Raul ’s gulag . Truly , the vacation that never ends . Should Americans be tossed in the slammer for burning the flag ? I do n’t know . Apparently the American flag is " free speech , " according to the Supreme Court , even though you could burn a flag without uttering or writing a single word . Freedom of " speech " is pretty absolute in this country . Freedom of " action " is not . But I do n’t wear a black robe . Still , it is incalculably hostile , rude and uncivilized to perform such a public desecration in the eyes of all those Americans who have sacrificed sons and daughters and mothers and fathers and brothers fighting for that flag . The message from flag burners is : " Take your sacrificed son and go screw yourself ! " And if anybody responds to these sniveling , spineless cretins , they go running , screaming and crying for the nearest these sniveling, spineless cretins space . So , not sure about jailing    but I do love the idea of stripping them of citizenship . Or forcing them to take a jailing    in American history . Is jailing    " unpresidential " for Mr. Trump to tweet out      thoughts on jailing protesters ? Maybe . But it is undoubtedly unpresidential and    and an utter desecration of the values this country    founded on for the sitting president to mark the death of Cuba ’s murdering dictator with anything short of total condemnation . If only all the people Fidel Castro viciously murdered could have died as peacefully . • Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 