Speaker of the House Paul Ryan joined nationally syndicated conservative talk radio host Larry Kudlow earlier this week , sounding similar on various policy stances to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump . [ Larry Kudlow said Speaker of the House Paul Ryan seemed to be on the same page as presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump on energy policy following presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump speech in North Dakota on Thursday .   " Donald presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump I have been talking the last few weeks about all of these ideas and we ’re making sure we we on the same page on principles and then the policies that come from those principles and those are very productive talks that are happening , " Ryan told Kudlow . Kudlow Kudlow Ryan Ryan that issues like tax reform and deregulation are areas all Republicans can unify around . " You seem so close on these key    policy principles , " Kudlow Kudlow . " What we ’re trying to do is actually unify around common principles and policies so we ’re a unified force going into the fall , " Ryan Ryan . " I find it interesting that the Democrats are really kind of ripping each other apart when we ’re woking on doing what is needed to actually unify . " " We we it to be real and authentic and that means agreeing on common principles and the policies that come from there , " Ryan Ryan . Ryan Ryan talked tougher on trade deals , saying they trade deals reworked laws that were out of date and discussed the need to make sure trade laws work best for America . On trade agreements , Ryan Ryan the " rhetoric seems so far apart , but the substance really is n’t . " " It is in our interest to get other countries to agree to play by our our , " he Ryan . " If we can get them other countries agree to our our of rules so that we our with our our are writing the rules of the global economy for the 21st century , that ’s in our our . " He Ryan it " helps us our China that you ’re not going to write the rules that benefit you , " adding , " smart trade agreements " happen when America writes the the rules that benefit you 
 