While the tactics of chief Donald Trump rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) to win delegates without voters come under intense scrutiny , a quiet ,       development has occurred that could provide a ray of hope for the Trump team fighting political insiders on the Trump team fighting political insiders on their home turf home turf . [ Paul Manafort , Trump ’s new Republican National Convention manager , just delivered not only a big win in Michigan ’s delegate game : Trump’s undercut Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) by throwing a separate victory to Ohio Gov. John Kasich .   CNN reported on Saturday evening : Sen. Ted Cruz suffered a rare convention loss Saturday after delegates backing John Ohio Gov. John Kasich Donald Trump boxed him Sen. Ted Cruz of key positions in the Michigan delegation . The Texas senator ’s campaign ran eight delegates for eight committee spots and lost every one , alleging it was The Texas senator’s campaign ’ by Kasich supporters Ohio Gov. John Kasich The Michigan the Michigan delegation Trump supporter Donald Trump Matt Hall , and one Kasich supporter Ohio Gov. John Kasich Judi Schwalbach , for the two seats on the powerful rules committee . The Cruz campaign lost The Texas senator’s campaign seats . CNN ’s Tom the two seats on the powerful rules committee in his report that this loss is a Tom LoBianco defeat for Cruz —   and win for Trump Cruz   because seats on the convention ’s rules committed are " highly coveted prizes for their role in shaping a contested convention seats on the convention Cleveland . " LoBianco wrote : After the delegates are Tom LoBianco in each state , they meet as a group and pick the delegates members of four convention committees , the most important of which is the rules committee , which will ultimately decide who can be nominated president . Michigan Cruz leader Saul Anuzis said they were ‘ ’ by Kasich ’s Michigan Cruz leader Saul Anuzis . The Kasich delegates were supposed to vote the delegates Kasich he said , but switched sides Michigan Cruz voted with Michigan Cruz leader Saul Anuzis behind closed doors Saturday afternoon . The tactic ,    consultant Roger Stone —   who is still favorable to Trump even though he is n’t advising the billionaire Trump —   Trump Breitbart News , is just like one he used back in 1980 when he secured the Trump nomination for then     Ronald Trump . " Manafort is a master of the game , " Stone said in an email . " Just as he forged a short term alliance between the Reagan Stone Bush forces to deny Howard Baker a Ronald Reagan victory in 1980 , he has just teamed with Kasich to shut Cruz Stone of Michigan . " Stone was also , like Manafort , a veteran Stone that 1980 Reagan campaign . Stone worked for Reagan in 1976 Ronald Reagan as well Stone while Manafort Ronald Reagan against them that year to secure the nomination for then Manafort, a veteran of that 1980 Reagan campaign Gerald Ford , who ascended to the presidency without being elected due to Spiro Agnew ’s and then Richard Nixon ’s resignations as a result of the Watergate scandal . A Nov. 5 , 1979 , article in the Washington Post , written by Martin Schram , detailed what Manafort did for the Reagan campaign , working secretly with George H. W. Bush to crush Howard Baker . The article does n’t name Manafort , but Stone A Nov. 5, 1979, article in the Washington Post, written by Martin Schram who along with Charlie Manafort , who would go on with Stone and Manafort to later found their own political consulting firm —   worked for the Reagan campaign , and confirmed Manafort was pulling the the Reagan campaign now works for Manafort , so it ’s only natural that Black and Manafort would be able to Black together easily . Schram Manafort in the late 1970s Washington Post article : Fearing a certain loss to Baker , Bush ’s political director , David Keene , recently contacted his counterpart in the Reagan camp , Charles Black , and proposed Bush political Reagan : Bush and Reagan could pull out of the Maine competition in an Bush to minimize what they figured would be a public relations game by Baker . Keene Bush and Reagan that he made the efforts but says that Baker turned him down . Keene , in the wake of Bush ’s victory Keene Baker official are spreading the word to reporters Bush supporters at Baker GOP forum possibly decided to vote Bush because they were not going to win and were hoping to stop Bush   Reagan supporters at the GOP forum    a suggestion that offers a convenient devil theory to cushion the Baker defeat . Reagan ’s chief campaign strategist , John Sears , Baker inclined to go Reagan this explanation , though he wo n’t actually confirm it . Basically , Reagan ’s people tossed votes Reagan Bush to crush Baker this explanation then beat Bush Reagan That is essentially what Manafort is doing now Baker   and that he Bush the latitude to use the same tactics he used to get Reagan the Manafort in 1980 in order to push Trump over Manafort top this year Reagan a sign that the New York city developer is learning . Trump had previously been running an    campaign , bashing all the party insiders — Trump people who happen to be GOP convention delegates —   but now that he ’s on top heading into the home stretch , he ’s changing tactics . Trump ’s up to insider types like Manafort to carry Trump into the nomination by doing the     work necessary to get there . Manafort Trump now convinced he ’s going to be able to carry Trump over the Manafort before the GOP Manafort in Cleveland in July . " I Trump we have several ways through June 7th to go over 1 , 237 , " Manafort said in an interview with Chuck Todd on Meet The Press this weekend . " And Manafort you know , not counted in that at all are any of these unbound delegates who are getting selected , many of whom I feel pretty good about . " That Trump has empowered Manafort has created some internal divisions between Manafort and campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . Manafort is reporting Manafort to Trump , and it appears Manafort at this time Lewandowski is reporting Manafort to Trump as well Trump as Manafort as Manafort has the ability to wrangle delegates —   and Trump up wins like he did in Manafort —   he could turn what has amounted to a disastrous past couple of Lewandowski with developments in Colorado , Lewandowski , and elsewhere , around . Manafort told Todd when asked whether it ’s him or someone else running the campaign : Donald Manafort is running this campaign . Manafort I ’m Todd directly for Donald Trump , but I ’m working with the the campaign as well . And a lot of what Donald Trump talked about is much ’m about nothing . Yes , there ’s a transition , it ’s a natural transition . Trump was doing very well on a model that made sense , but now a transition as the campaign has gotten Donald Trump the end stages , a more traditional campaign has to take place . And the campaign that and is now reaching out not just with me , but with others as well that you ’ll Donald Trump to see come in . Trump ’s children are backing Manafort , sources say , as well —   since they have grown dissatisfied with lack Donald Trump under the structure put together by Lewandowski . One source said that Trump ’s Trump’s children Jared Kushner , who helped write the billionaire ’s    AIPAC speech , is a major supporter of the Donald Trump takeover internally . Trump , that source said , is said to be very happy about the shutout of Cruz in Michigan and a recent Donald Trump in One source   good news for Trump after the setbacks in Wisconsin and Colorado and elsewhere . What ’s more , now that Manafort is officially in the Donald Trump ’s seat in the Trump operation , that puts Cruz at a disadvantage . " In fact the Cruz people have no one who can count Donald Trump and have been romancing a Cruz from the 2012 Romney operation to run their Cruz hunt , " a Republican familiar with the talks told Breitbart News . Listen to Matt Boyle discuss this article on the Cruz people News Daily on SiriusXM : 
 