Democrats have used trained provocateurs to instigate violence at Republican events nationwide throughout the 2016 election cycle , including at several Donald Trump rallies , using a tactic called " " according to a new video investigation released Monday by James O’Keefe ’s Project Veritas . [ The goal of " " : to create a sense of " anarchy " around Donald Trump that would undermine his Donald Trump support . Often , the tactic uses the most vulnerable people   —    including the elderly and disabled   —    to maximize shock value .    O’Keefe James O’Keefe extensive video investigation reveals that the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) are involved in " " and other provocative tactics through a web of consultants led by Robert Creamer , a veteran Chicago activist and convicted felon who is thought to have planned Democrats’ political strategy during the push for Obamacare in 2009 and 2010 . Creamer Robert Creamer also the    of Democracy Partners , a consulting group that , according to Project Veritas videos , apparently contracts directly with the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC , and that works with an array of super PACs and consultants to organize , film and publicize their an array of super PACs and consultants . Creamer Robert Creamer on one video that Clinton Hillary Clinton aware of " all " of his Hillary Clinton , and that Democracy Partners has a daily telephone call with the Clinton Hillary Clinton to coordinate efforts . O’Keefe and his Hillary Clinton also obtained hidden camera videos showing one of Creamer Robert Creamer consultants , Scott Foval , describing " " among other tactics , and taking credit for having instigated violence at several Republican events during the 2016 election cycle . Foval   —    who praises Creamer Robert Creamer " diabolical "   —    explains how " " works : how they plan confrontations in advance , choose particular individuals to provoke , and maximize media coverage . FOVAL : So one of the things we do is we we very authentic grassroots protests right in their very authentic grassroots protests at their very authentic grassroots protests events . Like , we we . And then we we it on tape . And then , when our guys get beat up   —    Project Veritas : You mean    grassroots ? FOVAL : No , authentic . PV : You mean   —    FOVAL FOVAL Protesters . PV : So like   —    progressive , what we saw in Madison . FOVAL FOVAL We we up our we , wherever they our people , to   —    and I work with a network of groups , we we them a network of groups on how to get themselves a network of groups a situation on tape , on camera , that we we use later . PV : So some of this , so I probably know your work . FOVAL : I know you do . Everybody does . But   —    PV : You mean like a situation where it ’s sort of like a   —    FOVAL : You remember the Iowa State Fair thing where Scott Walker grabbed the sign out of the dude ’s hand and then the the dude kind of roughed up right in front of the stage right there on camera ? PV : Yeah . FOVAL : That was all us . The guy that got roughed up is my counterpart , who works for Bob [ Creamer ] . PV : And that was like , storyboarded ? Him getting roughed up like that ? FOVAL : We scenarioed us . PV : And so you , like leant yourselves to that situation and it happened . A    prophecy . FOVAL : We not us leant ourselves , us planted us people in that front area around him and Him the back to make sure there was n’t just a action that happened up front , there was also a reaction that happened out back . So the cameras , when they saw it , saw double angles of stuff like , they saw they happened up front , and they saw they reaction of people out back . PV : That ’s fucking brilliant . That ’s brilliant . FOVAL : And then the reporters had people to talk to . Foval also FOVAL Project Veritas ’s undercover journalist that Republicans are less adept at such tactics because they obey Republicans : " They have Republicans guys willing to step out on the line for what they believe Republicans .    …      There is a level of adherence to rules on the other side that only when you ’re at the very highest level , do you get over . " In another video , Foval admits FOVAL his organization FOVAL responsible for an incident in Asheville , North Carolina in September , where an elderly woman was allegedly assaulted outside a Trump rally . In that incident an incident in Asheville, North Carolina in September, where an elderly woman was allegedly assaulted outside a Trump rally     woman an elderly woman oxygen tank , heckled a visually impaired     Trump supporter , then pursued Trump . She claimed he Trump punched an elderly woman in Trump jaw , an elderly woman she had no visible injury an elderly woman attorney claims she touched Trump on the an elderly woman first Trump and then fell to the ground as he turned around . The Trump media covered her claims widely , while an elderly woman ignoring his . Foval explains that Trump woman had been " trained " as a part of his operation . Foval also Trump how the Foval is set up his operation the DNC and the Clinton campaign " plausible deniability " in the event that the true nature of the deliberate violence is discovered : " The thing that we have to watch is making sure there ’s a    between the actual campaign and the actual DNC and what we ’re doing . There ’s we    there , so that they can plausibly deny that they heard anything about it . they He explains the flow of money in " rapid response " operations : " The campaign pays DNC , DNC pays Democracy Partners DNC Democracy DNC pays the Foval Group Democracy Partners Foval Group goes and executes the the Foval Group ground . " And Foval emphasizes that the goal of " " is to create a sense of " anarchy " around Trump : " The   . The aggressive   . What I call it is ‘ conflict engagement.’    …      Conflict engagement in the lines at Trump rallies ? We ’re starting anarchy . And he needs to understand that we ’re starting anarchy Trump " In another video We Foval notes that the Clinton campaign and the DNC are involved , through a chain of contracts : " We are contracted directly with the DNC and the campaign . I am contracted to [ Robert Creamer ] but I answer to the head of special events for the DNC and the head of special events and political for the campaign . Through Bob . We have certain the campaign do not get to talk to them , at all . " He explains that Democracy Partners then provides material from the Bob to the campaign , the DNC , and a wide array of    super PACs and organizations involved in the 2016 election effort : We have a clip deliverable that we have to deliver every day for our groups of clients who are involved in this project we AUFC A4C , which is Alliance for Change Alliance for Retired Americans , which is part of     —    they ’re one of our partners on the AUFC stuff    …      Depends on the issue . And then there ’s the DNC , and the campaigns , and Priorities [ USA ] . Priorities is a big part of this , too . The campaigns and DNC can not coordinate with Priorities , the campaigns, and Priorities [USA] that the people who run the Super PACs all talk to each other , and we and a few other people are the hubs of that communication . He also explains how the campaign and the super PACs use consultants as intermediaries for communication , since federal law prevents them from coordinating directly . He calls the system the " Pony Express the campaign and the super PACs " linking the DNC He Robert Creamer , through Robert Creamer to Foval , and through Foval to Brad Woodhouse ’s    Robert Creamer for Change : FOVAL : We Foval consultants , so we ’re not the official entity . Foval so those conversations can be had We consultants who are working for different parts . That ’s why there ’s Bob , who ’s the primary there , and I ’m a sub to him . And I ’m also a primary to AUFC separately , that ’s why . PV : ’m there ’s like a Morse code between the DNC and that Super PACs . And you guys   —    FOVAL : It ’s less of a Morse code than it is a text conversation that never ends . It ’s Morse that . It ’s kind of like an ongoing " Pony It . " It ’s It as official as it could be , but that ’s because It law does n’t allow it It be . The videos obtained by O’Keefe and Project Project Veritas earlier evidence the law a Democratic plan to use violent imagery against the Trump campaign . A DNC PowerPoint presentation from April released the campaign a plan to cite " incidents of violence " to create the " desired perception " that " Trump is dangerous and divisive , undermining our values and Trump our security at risk . " The " " carried out by Creamer and Robert Creamer would appear our be part of that effort . In one hidden camera video , filmed at Creamer ’s Robert Creamer , D. C. office , Creamer explains Robert Creamer Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton of " all " of his activities , Hillary Clinton or indirectly , and that Democracy Partners has a daily conference call with the Democracy Partners the Clinton campaign as frequent calls with the White House . Wikileaks reveals that at least one " " operation was approved directly by Robby Mook , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign manager Wikileaks In an email dated July 4 , 2015 , Mook approved a plan " to bird dog " Donald Trump , meaning specifically to infiltrate volunteers into his campaign events and ask him questions about immigration .    Trump supporters have frequently been the victims of real , Donald Trump opposed to staged , Donald Trump . In June , for instance , Trump supporters leaving a rally in San Jose were attacked , beaten and chased Trump    mobs . One woman was pelted with eggs in full view of the national media . The mayor of San Jose blamed Trump for the violence . Last week , Hillary Clinton supporters Hillary Clinton man carrying Trump that read " San Jose is a Hillary Clinton violence in Las Vegas hosted by the Carpenters Union . Creamer , who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( ) is a Saul Alinsky acolyte who trained many of the key political figures in the Chicago clique that surrounds Barack Obama . He went to prison in Hillary Clinton for a    scheme , but was hired by Obama to train volunteers for his 2008 presidential campaign . Hillary Clinton 2011 the Clinton campaign Partners together with other veteran       , including Heather Booth . Creamer Barack Obama Robert Creamer columns Democracy Partners Huffington Post also provide talking points to    activists throughout the country , and are circulated among key Democratic staff . ( Full disclosure : the author ran against Schakowsky for Congress in 2010 ) . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 Joel B. Pollak 