Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " conservative commentator Mary Matalin and liberal commentator Van Jones had a heated exchange over race in America in light of    Donald Trump ’s victory .   Partial transcript as follows : Mary Matalin : Can I have an honest moment here people , Van has to my mind retracted your whitelash with what you just said , no , that we have to not focus on the toxic stuff   —    okay , but you   —    if you do n’t , you ’re wrong . You are not   —    that ’s not the path for progressives . we ’ve all agreed at the outset that the path which is Ellison ’s message is to go back to the rust belt and the rednecks . You ’re not going to get there with climate change and Putin . JONES : I said and stand by it . I said that race was a part and there was a part that    part is part of the whitelash . If you listened to the whole quote you would agree with what I said So i do nt take that back —    MATALIN : I did listen and you said what do I tell the kids . I ’m a black man in America who went to Yale and written books who served a president and now   —    JONES : I ’m a ninth generation American and the first born in my family with all my rights . Ninth generation American , so we have not escaped because I went to Yale all the problems of America . MATALIN : You should not be a racial polemicist you should be a racial reconciler . JONES :   You should be ashamed about yourself MATALIN say that about me JONES:   my face . MATALIN MATALIN Should I say it behind your back would be better ? JONES JONES:   I spent more time than you have trying to be a racial reconciler . MATALIN MATALIN Really ? how do you know that ? Do you know anything about me JONES:   JONES JONES:   Apparently you do n’t know anything about me JONES:   MATALIN MATALIN I do know your daddy , your grandparents were teachers . your grandfather was a bishop . JONES JONES:   This is a problem we have right now . It This in fact the case there was a populist revolt in this country , both Sanders and Trump . One was marbled through . if someone like myself married to a white woman who has spent my entire life building bridges ca n’t point out the    whitelash reaction without accused of being a racial polemicist we have a big problem . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 