Nick Gass writes that Ted Cruz ’s and John Kasich ’s strategic withdrawal from late presidential primaries " got off to a rocky start . " [ From Politico :   The alliance between Ted Cruz and John John Kasich off to a rocky start on Monday , with the Ohio governor immediately undermining the pact and Cruz Ted Cruz assailed by tough questions as he tried the Ohio governor pitch the deal as the best way to deny Donald Trump the GOP nomination .    …      It did n’t help that Kasich does John Kasich seem fully on board . " I ’ve never told them not Kasich doesn’t seem fully on board vote for me they the Ohio governor Kasich doesn’t seem fully on board for me , the Ohio governor Kasich said John Kasich Indiana during a prickly exchange with reporters at a Philadelphia diner .      …      " Kasich just John Kasich that he wants John Kasich people of Indiana to Indiana for him , John Kasich Trump tweeted . " Typical politician   —    ca n’t make a deal work . " Cruz campaign manager Jeff Roe and Weaver touched base in person while attending last week ’s Republican National Committee spring meeting in Hollywood , Florida , and agreed to stay in touch , according to three sources briefed on the exchange . On Friday , they spoke Republican National Committee spring meeting in Hollywood, Florida, and agreed to stay in touch, according to three sources briefed on the exchange phone and agreed to make something happen   —    and that same day , Cruz aides were informed that a negotiation was in the works . A day later , they reached Republican National Committee spring meeting in Hollywood, Florida, and agreed to stay in touch, according to three sources briefed on the exchange agreement about a specific plan of action . At no point did Cruz or Cruz talk with each other about a prospective deal . The alliance of sorts comes after Kasich finished Kasich with a little more than $ 1 . 2 million in the bank , blowing through $ 4 . 6 million while raising $ 4 . 5 million . Cruz , Cruz , raised $ 12 . 5 million in March , March the month with $ 8 . 8 million on hand . And though    groups are already putting dollars into Indiana   —    the Club for Growth last week announced it was Indiana   $ 1 . 5 million on an ad declaring : " To stop Trump , Vote Cruz "   —    Trump , who recently signaled his willingness to spend $ 20 million in upcoming states , essentially has access to unlimited resources .    …    Cruz , facing a barrage of questions from reporters before a rally in Borden , Indiana , said his alliance Cruz Kasich is " entirely about the will of the people " and cast it as his alliance with Kasich pragmatic effort to stop a man who would lose badly in November . " This is about winning the votes of the Hoosier State , giving Indiana the Indiana to choose , and we ’re at a fork in the road . We ’re we a fundamental fork in the road the road Cruz said . " And I ’ll tell you , here in the state of Indiana , Indiana Trump at the top of the ticket losing in a landslide would cost Republicans seats all throughout the state of the state of Indiana the rest of the story here . 
 