Actress Rosario Dawson and filmmaker Spike Lee rallied with thousands of Sen. Bernie Sanders supporters in New York on Thursday , where the pair ripped Sanders’ chief presidential rival Hillary Clinton and urged attendees to vote even though the political process is " rigged . " [ Dawson , who also introduced Sanders at a rally in San Diego last week , began her speech by slamming Hillary Clinton for implying that the Vermont senator does n’t care about women or women ’s issues .   " Today I heard some obfuscating of facts , " the     Sin City star told the roughly 15 , 000 Sanders supporters in attendance at St. Mary ’s Park in the Bronx . " There is this rumor that ’s being perpetuated that Trump talking about abortion and punishing women and doctors for abortion , that somehow , Sanders was saying that that was n’t an important issue , regardless of the fact that he Sanders always stood up for women ’s rights , equal pay , equality , and is    which the other Democratic candidate very well knows , " Dawson said . " There ’s this rumor out there that because [ Sanders Sanders is saying that we ’re giving Trump too much time on the airwaves , and we we to stop feeding into that hate and talking about the issues , that somehow that meant that he Trump n’t care about women ’s issues , " the actress continued . " Shame on you , Hillary . " " Sorry , hold on , let me watch my tone , " she Hillary , referring to the Clinton campaign ’s warning to Sanders earlier this week that the frontrunner would not debate him Sanders unless he Sanders his Sanders tone . " Later on , Dawson invited filmmaker and relatively new Sanders Sanders Spike Lee to the stage , who cautioned the crowd that he Sanders not a " public speaker . " " Look , we all know this thing is rigged , as the Senator ’s talked about many , many times , " the    director told the the crowd " It ’s rigged . As Rosario said , they do n’t want to see us together . " At Sanders’ San Diego rally last week , Dawson blasted the Democratic National Committee and its chairwoman the Democratic National Committee Debbie Wasserman Schultz , for what she called Dawson Party ’s blatant support of Clinton in the primaries . " Deborah Wasserman Debbie Wasserman Schultz reason superdelegates exist is specifically to push back against grassroots organizing , " she told the San Debbie Wasserman Schultz crowd last week , who appeared to boo at the mention of Schultz ’s name . Debbie Wasserman Schultz we need you now more than ever . We need to you to we the message and talk about our future . " As we News has reported previously , the Sanders campaign has feuded with the DNC in recent months , and sued the Party in December after it blocked the Vermont senator the Party access to a critical voter database . Sanders currently trails Clinton by Sanders significant margin in the primaries due mainly to Clinton ’s    support from Clinton Party superdelegates , who the Party for any candidate they choose regardless of state voting results . A Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday found Clinton with a significant lead over Clinton in New York , Sanders holds its primary April 19 . 
 A Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday 