Some media people who oppose Donald Trump ’s candidacy are criticizing    consultant Liz Mair for " " Trump ’s wife , Melania . [ consultant Liz Mair committed consultant Liz Mair progressive sin by running an ad targeted at Utah voters which showed Melania posing nude , with the caption " Meet Melania Trump Your Next First Lady    …      Or , You Could Support Ted Cruz on Tuesday . "   The liberal site Vox accused consultant Liz Mair of " " Trump ’s wife , and a reporter for the    establishment website Buzzfeed agreed Monday night with the    line . With respect , this ad is horse shit   . https :   .    —    andrew kaczynski ( @BuzzFeedAndrew ) March 22 , 2016 ,   this ad was funded by consultant Liz Mair ’s    Super PAC , dubbed Make America Awesome . consultant Liz Mair is a    of the United States and the United Kingdom . The established media convenes daily on Twitter to come up with its narratives , many of which focus on how best to attack Trump . But these reporters and their The established media convenes daily on Twitter to come up with its narratives, many of which focus on how best to attack Trump Twitter    also rely on the perpetual outrage of social justice warriors . It seems that in this case , the strength of feminist narratives about " " actually outweigh the desire to attack Trump Trump Mair defended her ad by stating that she her no personal problem with Melania Trump ’s modeling , confirming that her her ad merely a cynical attempt to appeal to religious Mormons .    …     and we have indicators that for them , Melania posing nude is disturbing and bothersome . I ’m fine w her having done it , but they ’re not .   —    Liz Mair ( @LizMair ) March 22 , 2016 ,   . @emilycrockett I ’m fine ’m Melania ’s Melania work . But I ’m not ’m Mormon woman . I also want to defeat her husband a Mormon woman   —    Liz Mair ( @LizMair ) March 22 , 2016 ,   . @simplyshowbiz @Mediaite I ’m not ’m of a naked body . Mormon women Mormon to whom ad is targeted , not big on   .   —    Liz Mair ( @LizMair ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s " New York Values " have actually helped him to Trump off attacks by the leftist media . When social liberals in the press attack Trump for having said socially liberal things , it comes off dishonest . Who are they pandering to ? 
 