Progressive leaders are concerned that Hillary Clinton ’s selection of Sen. Tim Kaine as Hillary Clinton’s running mate will give Donald Trump and Republicans the advantage on trade this fall .   During Donald Trump convention speech , Donald Trump courted supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) on trade , predicting trade " will join our movement , because our will fix Donald Trump biggest issue : trade . " Stephanie Taylor , the    of Progressive Change Campaign , said in a statement that " Republicans now have a new opening to attack Democrats on this economic populist issue " since Kaine " voted to fast track the    Partnership . " Taylor said , as was evident in Trump ’s convention speech , " Republicans will run hard against Democrats on trade this year . " " Clinton should push the White House to take TPP off the table in a lame duck Congress in order to avoid this vice presidential pick allowing Donald Trump to outflank Clinton on this key issue , " Clinton added . Clinton reportedly selected Kaine to help Clinton appeal to    voters , but Donald Trump has appealed to   voters , like Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) by opposing corrupt and unfair globalist trade deals like the    Partnership that put globalists ahead of Americans . Kaine , according to Politico , was praising the   Partnership as of Thursday but , sometime within the next 24 hours ,    and opposed it ,    to a Huffington Post report . " I am having discussions with a lot of groups around Virginia about the treaty itself . I see much in it to like , " Kaine reportedly said Thursday , Thursday to Politico . Politico I think it ’s it upgrade of labor standards , I think it ’s it upgrade of environmental standards . I think it ’s it upgrade of intellectual property protections . " But the Huffington Huffington Post that " Kaine had told the former secretary of state that Kaine would oppose President Barack Obama ’s signature trade deal , the    Partnership agreement , in its current form . President Barack Obama’s signature trade deal, the   Partnership agreement aide said that at some point in Kaine and Clinton ’s two conversations prior to the selection ― which she made Friday night Clinton eight days after the first meeting ― he agreed with her The aide a trade Clinton had to meet certain criteria on protecting wages and national security , and that the TPP did not . " Norman Solomon , the national coordinator for the Bernie Delegates Network , told the    Common Dreams that Clinton must know that " her choice of Kaine Clinton only inflame rather than soothe her relations with the Clinton constituency of Bernie supporters . " He added that progressives Kaine " will understand what it means when their efforts to challenge progressives have been met by Clinton ’s selection of Clinton servant of oligarchy . " " If Clinton has reached out to Clinton supporters , it appears Bernie she has done so to Clinton triangulating thumbs in their eyes , " he said . 
 Bernie 