HARRISONBURG , Virginia   —    Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , the 2016 GOP vice presidential nominee , told Breitbart News exclusively that there is a " contrast " between GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s    campaign and Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s negative campaign . [ Here on campaign and Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton campaign bus after a rally with hundreds of supporters after campaign and Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton defeated campaign and Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton counterpart Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) Pence framed the election as a stark choice between someone who offers real change in Trump and Clinton —   a protector of the status quo who is running a " real    campaign . " Pence told Breitbart News :   Trump has given voice to the frustrations and aspirations of the American people like no leader in my lifetime since Ronald Reagan . He Trump cast a vision to Make America Great Again . From the days of the primary through our convention and every day since , he Trump been outlining the details and policies that will restore American strength at home and abroad , uphold our Constitution , promote the kind of trade policies that will put the American worker first , end illegal immigration . He Trump laid out the details of those policies . And the contrast with the real    campaign of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine could not be more dramatic . Their Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine every day seems to be intent on calling a press conference and focusing on what Donald Trump said or Tweeted in the last days or weeks or in some cases years . But the reason why you saw the crowd here in Virginia , the reason why you see the enormous crowds that are coming out for Donald Donald Trump is because by articulating a vision and laying forth the policies for how we Make America Great Again , Donald Trump Donald Trump a movement in this country and America it ’s going to carry him all the Donald Trump to the White House . Pence added that , as that vision Trump has laid Donald Trump for the country comes more America into focus , it will propel him to that vision Trump has laid out for the country Donald Trump House . " the White House have been more honored to be on that stage and sharing Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump America Great Again , " Pence told Breitbart News . " I know there Pence a lot of talk about who won the debate , some people think we won the debate , but I think Donald Trump won the debate Donald Trump think Donald Trump ’s vision to Make the debate won the debate . As you saw the America here in Virginia today , the debate that vision is going to continue to win between now and election day —   and we ’re going to elect Donald Trump the 45th president of the United States . " The interview with Breitbart News , Pence ’s first since winning the debate , also focused on Kaine ’s inaccurate claim that Clinton apologized for the debate that millions of Americans who support Trump for president were " irredeemable people Clinton who are in the " basket of deplorables . " Pence , too , touched on how Clinton was caught on    audio tape bashing supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders . During Clinton debate on Tuesday evening in Farmville , Virginia , Kaine falsely claimed that Clinton apologized to the millions of Americans she insulted by making those remarks . Clinton Clinton apologized for them at all . Clinton regard to the remarks about Trump Clinton , she only those remarks she did n’t mean " half " of them . Regarding the Clinton supporters , Clinton never apologized at all . Asked about those remarks ’s comments on the matter during Clinton debate , Pence said his false claim that she apologized for insulting the American electorate was " remarkable . Kaine Pence went on Clinton tell Breitbart News : I ’ll tell you on that one Pence it really was remarkable to me that after Sen. Kaine listed one personal insult against that one Trump after another —   then he Kaine of running an ‘   campaign,’ just —   it was remarkable to Donald Trump . It was also remarkable because Hillary Clinton called millions of Americans who think we me Make it Great Again , who think we can stand tall on the world us again , who think we can rebuild our us , revive our economy , stand by our Constitution —   us Clinton said us of Americans who us in Donald Trump ’s us for our country Hillary Clinton a ‘ basket of deplorables.’ She said they are irredeemable . She said America are not America . And despite what Hillary Clinton Kaine millions of Americans who believe in Donald Trump last night , Hillary Clinton never apologized millions of Americans who believe in Donald Trump that —   she just said she should n’t have said ‘ half.’ Hillary Clinton , you know , all she Hillary Clinton was say Hillary Clinton got the number wrong . But I think people across the country Hillary Clinton the message . Hillary Clinton expect Bernie Sanders supporters got the message earlier this week when it came to light in February that Hillary Clinton had referred to the message supporters as ‘ children of the message Great Recession’ who had moved into their parents’ basements . Pence Bernie Sanders supporters comments about Trump supporters and Sanders supporters disqualify her from being able to Bernie Sanders supporters as president . " I mean Hillary Clinton you can not lead Bernie Sanders you loathe , " Hillary Clinton said . " Hillary Clinton ’s statements demeaning millions of Americans , including Bernie Sanders supporters , I believe disqualifies her Pence lead this nation as president . What I can tell you Bernie Sanders Trump is , whether you agree or you Hillary Clinton with him , he is a man who respects the right of every Trump make their choice in this election and to hold the Trump that Trump hold , and I could n’t be more honored to stand with him . " Ultimately speaking , when asked why the establishment their refuses to cover the movement of millions of people across the country Trump out to Trump rallies and getting involved in the campaign nationwide , Pence said : " You ’d have to ask this nation I really do n’t know . " But he said that movement of people from all walks of life is exactly why he their been so inspired as Trump ’s running mate Trump " It ’s been one of the things that ’s been most inspiring Trump me , " Pence said . " To campaign with Donald Trump , and to campaign for Donald Trump , is to literally see Trump movement of the Pence people . Donald Trump has articulated Trump for this country that is resonating Trump from every walk of life . They are coming out , as they Trump in Virginia today , in the middle of the week —   in the middle of the afternoon —   to get behind this man They and as he would be the first to say , to get behind a movement to Make America Great Again . I could n’t be more excited about the days this man remain in this campaign , and we ’re just going to work our hearts out . " 
 we 