Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) has reached a statistical dead heat with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the latest poll   —    a stunning surge that threatens to snatch the California primary away from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton even if former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton clinches the nomination June 7 . [ The Public Policy Institute of California ( PPIC ) poll , conducted May 13   —    22 and released Wednesday , found : " Among Democratic primary likely voters , 46 percent support Clinton and 44 percent support Sanders . These voters include Democrats and independents who say These voters will vote in the Democratic primary . Clinton has a slight lead over Sanders among registered Democrats ( 49 % to 41 % ) . "   The poll interviewed 1 , 704 adult California residents . The margin of error was 3 . 3 % . In addition , The poll found that Clinton failed to break 50 % against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in a hypothetical fall matchup , leading him only presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump % to 39 % . In contrast , Sanders leads Trump 53 % to 36 % . The East Bay Times noted the scale of Sanders ’s Sanders : " Sanders started Sanders campaign a year ago trailing Clinton in California by more than 50 percentage points in early polls , but he had Sanders down her lead Clinton in California single digits earlier this year . PPIC ’s last poll in March found Sanders trailing Sanders seven percentage points . " Other findings of the poll last poll in March Clinton is Clinton than 80 delegates from the    majority she needs Clinton win a majority on the first ballot at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July . However , she will Clinton achieved that majority through the use of superdelegates   —    elected officials and party    who generally committed to Clinton well Clinton advance of any votes . And if she loses Clinton   —    which Breitbart News predicted last week she could Clinton —    her case Clinton the nomination will suffer . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Breitbart News    Leadership Joel B. Pollak of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 