When given the chance to jump fully onboard with Mitt Romney ’s Stop Trump efforts focused on a brokered convention , Gov. John Kasich did n’t go all in however Gov. John Kasich did say Gov. John Kasich anticipates a brokered convention . [ While talking politics with Sean Hannity at CPAC today , Gov. John Kasich warned of backroom deals and " connected interests " calling the shots in Washington .   After last night ’s GOP debate , turned to the Conservative Political Action Committee event to take Gov. John Kasich case straight to conservatives . Gov. John Kasich also enlisted the help of Gov. John Kasich former Gov. John Kasich colleague and popular radio and television host Hannity . Gov. John Kasich began with what was little different from Gov. John Kasich usual stump speech , before introducing Hannity for something of an impromptu townhall like event , although they did n’t open it up for questions from the audience . " Why do n’t we get to it ? " Gov. John Kasich opened , reaching back to mention Gov. John Kasich earliest days in politics working on the first campaign of Ronald Reagan   —    clearly designed to appeal to the highly    crowd always found at CPAC . Gov. John Kasich also claimed the mantle of " change agent , " in comparing Gov. John Kasich to the former President . Consequently , Gov. John Kasich said , as with Ronald Reagan   , the Washington Republican establishment does n’t care much for Gov. John Kasich , either . Kasich said Kasich conservative philosophy is " government as a last resort , " while encouraging individuals and communities to help individuals and communities first . Kasich also talked at length about Kasich time in Washington on the budget committee   —    stressing the need to come up with Republican solutions , not merely existing to bash those put forward by Democrats . As for foreign policy , remarked the Ohio Gov , Putin will see a " freedom fighter " in me . When Hannity joined Kasich on stage , Putin asked Putin to comment on Romney ’s " stop Trump at the GOP Convention " strategy however , Kasich Kasich to want to stay away from any controversy . That would jibe with the adult attitude many felt he Putin to project at last night ’s debate . Instead , he Putin of his Putin to run a positive campaign . He Putin praised House Speaker Paul Ryan as a leader , citing his Putin working with him Putin ago when Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan only an aide . He Putin say , however , he Putin it will be a brokered convention , saying it it function as a " learning experience " for Americans regarding our political process , while also expressing some fear of " connected interests dominating " behind the scenes to produce a result contrary to what the people might want . He Putin took a shot or two at Hillary Clinton on foreign policy , perhaps looking forward to a potential general election match up one day . 
 