Talk radio host and Fox News Channel anchor Sean Hannity declared a New York Times piece about Sean Hannity position on immigration reform and the Gang of Eight was " a    lie " and added that Sean Hannity was " getting pissed off at [ GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator ] Marco Rubio too " over Marco Rubio performance during the debate and on the trail during Marco Rubio radio show on Monday .   Hannity began by talking about the NYT article . Hannity stated that other talk radio hosts , such as Rush Limbaugh , Mark Levin , and Laura Ingraham would n’t change Mark Levin, and Laura Ingraham principled opinions on any issue . Hannity further said that in 20 years at FNC Hannity had never been told what position to take on a single issue , including immigration . Hannity further stated that after the 2012 election , Hannity did say " out of anger " and " off the cuff " that Hannity had evolved on immigration , if there was border security first , a comment that Hannity regrets . Hannity added that Hannity does not know of anyone who has done more to highlight the issue of illegal immigration than Hannity has . Hannity further declared the NYT piece " categorically nothing but a    lie about me . " And said the NYT piece "categorically nothing but a   lie about me ’s author should have reached out to Hannity first . Later , Hannity said , " I ’m getting pissed off at Marco Rubio too .    …      Marco Marco Rubio you ’re being inauthentic . You ’re not Donald Trump . Stop trying to act like Donald Donald Trump And stop trying to be something that you ’re not . For nine debates , Marco Marco Rubio I thought presented himself well Marco Rubio and presented his ideas Marco Rubio way he is Marco Rubio And now what ’s bugging me about this whole thing is clearly all these establishment guys have sat Marco down Marco Rubio said , ‘ Marco , Marco Rubio ’ve got to be somebody who you ’re not , and you ’ve got to go after Donald Trump in Donald Trump you never have before . ’ " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett ,  
 