A recent round of polls in battleground states shows the contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump much tighter than national polling . [ Traditional swing states show a battle similar to the fight in 2012 between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , with one exception . The emergence of Pennsylvania as a    contest has already shifted the landscape ahead of November .   On Thursday ,    firm PPP released a poll of Virginia voters showing Clinton leading Trump by 3 points in the Old Dominion . Last year , firm PPP showed Clinton leading Trump 10 points in Virginia . Since then , Clinton favorablity has decreased , while Trump ’s Trump . Trump is still Trump more unpopular than Clinton Clinton Virginia , yet the       is within the margin of error . Barack Obama defeated Mitt Romney by just 4 points in Virginia , essentially the same result currently polled between Trump and Clinton Trump So , even though 60 percent of voters have an unfavorable view of Trump , he Trump tied Barack Obama Clinton Clinton Virginia . Clinton Clinton among women by just 11 points , only slightly better than Obama ’s    Barack Obama with women against Romney . Trump leads Clinton Trump 4 points among men , the same margin that Romney won against Romney . When Barack Obama candidates Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are added to the    though , Trump ’s edge Trump men jumps to 7 points , while Clinton Clinton edge among women remains at 11 points . A PPP survey of Pennsylvania conducted in early June shows a very close race in the Keystone State . A       between Clinton Clinton Trump is tied Trump with each drawing 44 percent support . There is an enormous gender gap in the commonwealth , with Trump holding a Trump edge . Clinton Clinton Trump by 20 Trump women in Pennsylvania . Trump , however has Trump    lead among men . With third party candidates included , Clinton Clinton an 18 point lead among women , while Trump has an 18 Trump lead among men . Vermont socialist Bernie Sanders does better with women than Hillary Clinton though . He leads Trump among women Vermont socialist Bernie Sanders 26 Trump , significantly higher than Clinton ’s Clinton Against Sanders , too , Trump does Vermont socialist Bernie Sanders among men , Trump the Senator by just 3 points . In Florida , a PPP survey from early June finds Trump leading Clinton Clinton . Clinton Trump past 4 Presidential elections , Florida has been decided by less than 5 Florida . President Obama defeated Mitt Romney by less than 1 point in 2012 in the Sunshine State . A Marquette University survey of Wisconsin conducted last week showed Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump Clinton points in the Badger State Trump Obama won Wisconsin by 7 points in 2012 and President Obama in 2008 Wisconsin Democrat Russ Feingold leads incumbent GOP Sen. Ron Johnson by 9 points also in the state ’s contest for the US Senate . It is the Badger State Trump is polling exactly the same as another Republican running for federal office in Wisconsin . It is also interesting that the state ’s current polling picture falls squarely in the middle of the Badger State election results in the past two elections . In the past the Badger State Hillary Clinton has enjoyed a bump in national polls following her clinching of the Democrat nomination . The benefit she received is about equal to the Hillary Clinton Trump enjoyed in early May , after he Hillary Clinton up the Republican nomination . National polls are interesting , of course , but Trump do n’t the Democrat nomination fact that Presidents are elected in a series of state contests . National polls recent surveys of the battleground states , the contest between Trump and Clinton is very tight , with each able to lay claim to some advantage . Given Trump constant apocryphal warnings about Trump ’s poll numbers and his unpopularity with large numbers of voters , it is very telling that Trump is essentially a    Trump the states where the contest will be decided . He is currently running no worse than Mitt Romney did or even , in places such as Pennsylvania or Trump , running better than the 2012 nominee . Few pundits appreciate nor acknowledge how unpopular Hillary Clinton is herself . Any other Democrat likely would be running away with the contest at this early stage in the Hillary Clinton , especially given how Sanders matches up against Trump . the contest innumerable party rules to ensure Hillary Clinton won their nomination . They may still live to regret that decision . 
 Hillary Clinton Democrats Democrats 