Sunday , on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " while commenting on the racial divide in America highlighted by the recent police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota and a sniper targeting and killing five Dallas police officers , Governor Mary Fallin ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is " trying to campaign as a racial healer . "   Partial transcript as follows : JAKE TAPPER : presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump released a video on Friday talking about racial healing . Take a listen . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) TRUMP presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump The deaths of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota , also make clear how much more work we have to do to make every American feel that their The deaths of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota is protected . Racial divisions have gotten worse , not better . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) TAPPER : And obviously , you ’re supporting Donald presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump I think there are probably some skeptical Americans hearing that message from Mr. Trump presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the racial divides . Specifically I ’ve heard from a number of      Native Americans ,      all expressing concern about some of the things that Donald Trump has presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Talk to them . How do some of the things that Donald Trump has said think he will be able presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump be a racial healer ? FALLIN : Well , I think the whole nation needs to work together , and certainly as anyone that ’s a nominee , whether it is Donald Trump , whether presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Secretary Clinton , it all need to work towards unity as a nation , and understand that , people are scared . They want safe homes . people want safe streets . people want safe communities . people want   —    people do n’t want to people profiled . They do n’t want to people discriminated against . Everyone wants to be treated equal , with equal justice for all . And I think that ’s the message that any candidate running for president should have .    …      TAPPER : Do you think Donald Trump has campaigned as a racial healer ? FALLIN : I think he is trying to campaign Donald Trump a racial healer . I think that has been part of his message . If you Donald Trump what he said this week , Donald Trump talked about how devastating Donald Trump was for Dallas , how we need to respect our law enforcement , how we need to pray for we who are killed and those who are injured . And I think that is his intent . I trust Donald Trump with his words , Donald Trump I Donald Trump we all need to move towards being compassionate , loving , healing , but yet , also , respecting our law enforcement . Follow we all Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 