Glenn Beck reacted to the news of Stephen K. Bannon joining Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign by suggesting the former Breitbart News executive threatens the lives of the former Breitbart News executive enemies and former associates .   Glenn Beck suggested Wednesday that Stephen K. Bannon might use " the Dark Web " for illegal activities , up to and including hiring assassins . This is not the first time Glenn Beck lashed out at Stephen K. Bannon . Last February , after Glenn Beck endorsed candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) lost the Nevada primary to Trump , he Stephen K. Bannon into an angry rant on his Stephen K. Bannon show calling Trump Trump " Brownshirts " and comparing Bannon Stephen K. Bannon a former Surface Warfare Officer in the U. S. Navy , to Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels .   As reported by Breitbart ’s Ezra Dulis : This is a guy who uses the Dark Web . If you do n’t know what the the Dark Web , good for you . Dark Web is where you can hire assassins   —    oh , it ’s frightening Dark Web It is frightening Dark Web It ’s where Dark Web get child porn , you can buy sex slaves , it ’s horrible child porn This guy uses the Dark Web the Dark Web to do investigations and whatever else he would like to do This guy The person that we wanted to get on to talk about him , because I ’ve This guy to them several times in the past , and knows him inside and out , This guy now too afraid to come on because he ’s using the Dark This guy against this individual and they ’re afraid . They them not want to them anything more about him . Compare that pitch This guy an Oliver Stone movie to this description from Bloomberg , which for all we know could be Beck ’s source for the claim : When Clinton became secretary of state , the foundation signed an agreement with the White House to disclose all of its contributors . It did the White House follow through the White House So GAI researchers plumbed tax filings , flight logs , and foreign government documents to turn up what the foundation withheld . Their the foundation method was mining GAI researchers    Deep Web , the 97 percent or so of information on the Internet that is n’t indexed for search engines such as Google and therefore is difficult to find . " Welcome to The Matrix , " says Tony , GAI ’s data scientist , as GAI maps out the Deep Web GAI me on a whiteboard ( we GAI I would n’t publish his last name ) . A GAI on the hidden recesses of the Web follows . " The the Deep Web , " he explains the Deep Web of GAI lot of useless or depreciated information , stuff in foreign languages , and so on . But a whole bunch of it is very useful , if you can find it . " Tony specializes in finding the good it , which he does by writing software protocols GAI spider through the Deep Web . Since this requires heavy computing power , Tony struck a deal to use GAI services of a large European provider during    hours . " We ’ve got $ 1 . 3 billion of equipment I ’m using at almost full capacity , " he says . This effort yielded GAI slew of unreported foundation donors who appear to have benefited financially from their relationship with the Clintons , including the uranium This effort executives cited by the New York Times ( who showed up on an unindexed Canadian government website ) . These donations illustrate a pattern of commingling private money and government policy that disturbed even many Democrats . The South Dakota tech firm BrightPlanet shows Beck does n’t even get the category right . " The Deep Web is anything that a search engine ca n’t find   …      The Dark Web then is classified as a small The Deep Web Deep Web that has been intentionally hidden and is inaccessible The Deep Web browsers , " their explainer page says . Not even Bloomberg reported that Bannon himself participated in Deep Web research but that he managed those who did . For Beck The Deep Web this fact and end Bannon himself with murder for hire is actual lunacy . 
 