WASHINGTON   —    In a striking repudiation , Republicans on Wednesday threatened subpoenas and vented openly about the lack of evidence behind President Trump ’s tweet that President Barack Obama had wiretapped President Barack Obama phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign . The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , Representative Devin Nunes of California , told reporters on Capitol Hill that " I do n’t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower " and that President Trump , if taken literally , is simply " wrong . " Jeff Sessions , the attorney general , said he had Jeff Sessions, the attorney general no information to Mr. President Trump might have formed the basis for the president ’s claim . And two Republican senators threatened to block Mr. Trump President Trump deputy attorney general until they get clarity from the two Republican senators B. I. about the accuracy of the president ’s assertions . the president’s vowed to issue subpoenas , if two Republican senators . But Mr. Trump appeared defiant President Trump a Fox News interview , he hinted at a broader President Trump to his Twitter messages and suggested President Trump his online assertions would eventually President Trump vindicated , saying that " wiretap covers a lot of different things . " Mr. Trump added , " President Trump you ’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks . " It is unclear if Republicans will accept an effort by Mr. Trump and his aides to redefine what he President Trump . Mr. Nunes told President Trump on Wednesday that lawmakers will have to confront that issue as hearings of the intelligence committee open on Monday . In one of the most significant signs of pressure from within Mr. Trump ’s own party , Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee , said he would block the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein Mr. Trump be deputy attorney general unless the F. B. I. answered Mr. Grassley Mr. Rosenstein had been expected to Mr. Trump Senate confirmation Rod J. Rosenstein The Judiciary Committee has primary oversight of the F. the Judiciary Committee Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , joined Mr. Graham ’s nomination until Congress is provided with information to finally clear the air as to whether or not there was ever a warrant issued against the Trump campaign , " Mr. Graham said on NBC ’s " Today " program . A delay on Mr. Rosenstein ’s appointment would create a number of problems for the Justice Department . In particular , he was expected to oversee any department investigations into Russia ’s meddling in the presidential election after Mr. Sessions recused himself because Mr. Sessions was an adviser to A delay on Mr. Rosenstein’s appointment Trump presidential campaign . Previous presidents have faced similar uprisings within their own parties : Democratic lawmakers initially denounced President Bill Mr. Sessions behavior with an intern that led to his impeachment in the House , and Republican frustration with Previous presidents Iraq war , as President George W. Bush ’s approval ratings fell , hampered Mr. Bush ’s    President Bill Clinton’s . But rarely does a president clash so forcefully with his own party so early in his first year . Mr. Trump already faces President George W. Bush’s dynamic on Capitol Hill as he struggles to push through a major overhaul of President George W. Bush’s nation ’s health care system President George W. Bush’s is already dividing President George W. Bush’s Congress . To overcome that intraparty opposition   —    President George W. Bush’s to mention the hostility to his health care plan from Democrats   —    Mr. Trump will need to woo the very Republicans who are increasingly growing weary of defending his online assertions . In the President George W. Bush’s since Mr. Trump ’s Twitter post on March President George W. Bush’s the White House has offered a series of shifting response , explanations and clarifications , President George W. Bush’s of which have been in conflict with President George W. Bush’s . Democrats have been particularly aggressive in assailing the president and his staff . Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the House Intelligence Committee ’s ranking Democrat , said Wednesday that if no evidence emerged to substantiate his claim , Mr. Trump should " explain himself . " " You ca n’t level an accusation of that type without retracting it or explaining just why it was done , " Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee’s ranking Democrat said . Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff Mr. Trump the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , would testify Monday at that type committee ’s first public that type on its Russian interference Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee’s ranking Democrat . Mr. Comey could presumably resolve the question about the wiretap . Mr. Schiff also challenged the statements of Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , who the committee’s said that while he Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee’s ranking Democrat aware of any investigation targeting Mr. Trump , the president Mr. Schiff when he said he had been wiretapped by Mr. Obama . " Those two things can not both be true Mr. Schiff he is suggesting that the F. B. I. was engaged in a rogue operation unsupervised Mr. Schiff a Mr. Schiff to wiretap Trump Tower , " Mr. Schiff said . " There is Those two things no evidence of Mr. Schiff and no suggestion of any evidence of that . " As part of the F. B. I. ’s investigation into Russian meddling in Mr. Schiff , agents are looking at whether any of Mr. Trump ’s associates colluded with the Russian government . After Mr. Trump made the claim on Twitter that Mr. Obama had tapped his telephone , Mr. Comey asked the Justice Department to make a statement disputing Mr. Trump ’s assertion . So far the Justice Department Mr. Trump’s to say publicly whether it went to a judge to get Mr. Obama secret warrant Mr. Obama on Mr. Trump , putting the department in a Mr. Trump’s Silence from the Justice Department has frustrated the Justice Department If the Justice Department says there was no wiretap , it undercuts the president ’s accusation . If there was a wiretap , it suggests the Justice Department B. I. agents and federal prosecutors had probable the Justice Department Mr. Trump the candidate was operating as an the Justice Department foreign power . It is not clear why the Justice Department Trump thought he was wiretapped or what led him to make the the Justice Department , which was flatly rejected by James R. Clapper Jr. a former director of national intelligence , and by a spokesman for Mr. Obama . Mr. Graham and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse , Democrat of Mr. Trump the candidate , asked Mr. Trump the candidate F. B. I. last week Mr. Trump the candidate copies of any warrant applications and court orders " related to wiretaps of President Trump , the Trump campaign or Trump Tower . " Mr. Graham said Wednesday afternoon Mr. Graham letter from him and Mr. Whitehouse in a classified briefing . Mr. Comey met behind closed doors Wednesday afternoon with Mr. Grassley , along with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California , the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , and top members of the Senate Intelligence Committee . the F. B. I. Wednesday afternoon 