A new USA Today poll reveals that Hillary Clinton ’s lead over Donald Trump has dropped to 5 points , 45 . 6 % to 40 . 4 % . Hillary Clinton had led Donald Trump 11 points in May , 50 % TO 39 % . [ Hillary Clinton lead drops even further , to four points ( 39 % % ) when    candidates Gary Johnson ( Libertarian ) and Jill Stein ( Green ) are added into the mix .   The poll was conducted among 1 , 000 likely voters , with a margin of error of 3 % . USA Today adds : Clinton commands more positive allegiance than Trump . By more than    74 % to 22 % Clinton Clinton say they Clinton supporters mostly voting for her Clinton not against him Clinton Trump Trump are more evenly divided on their motivation Trump’s backers 48 % are mostly voting for him Clinton % are mostly voting against her Clinton Still , Trump supporters Trump a bit more likely to say they ’re Trump supporters excited " about the election , 27 % compared to 24 % . Clinton supporters are a bit more likely to say they ’re Clinton supporters alarmed , " 62 % to 56 % . And those in both camps vow their views those in both camps set in stone : More than nine of 10 of Clinton supporters Clinton of Trump supporters Trump they is Trump supporters chance they would Trump supporters to the other side . Just 12 % of those surveyed are undecided , a smaller percentage than in the Suffolk Poll taken during the summer of the presidential race four years ago . In the survey , 53 % have an unfavorable opinion of Clinton 60 Clinton have an unfavorable opinion of Trump . Trump one in five respondents hold a negative view of them both Nearly one in five respondents —    a swing group whose      choice could determine the outcome of a competitive election , says David Paleologos , director of the Suffolk University Political Research Center . ( For some reason , USA Today claims : " Rounding would make the lead six points . " However , the difference between Clinton ’s and Trump ’s poll numbers , 5 . 2 % would still be rounded down to 5 . ) Read more at USA Today USA Today B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Regnery @joelpollak . 
 