A sharply dressed lawyer represented A sharply dressed lawyer    clients before a    panel in New York recently , claiming that because federal authorities tried to coerce federal authorities into becoming informants , federal authorities had the right to receive monetary damages . The argument took place in a federal appeals court in Manhattan , before a gallery of a few dozen people . But a similar version of a lawyer and his community ’s concerns are now starring on the small screen , in the sixth season of the thriller , " Homeland . " The lawyer Ramzi Kassem , a professor at the City University of New York School of Law , became the model for Reda Hashem , who runs a nonprofit legal clinic advocating for    rights , together with the    officer Carrie Mathison played by the show ’s star Claire Danes . Mr. Kassem , the founder of the CUNY Clear clinic , which stands for Creating Law Enforcement Accountability and Responsibility , served as more than just    inspiration . Mr. Kassem became , in a way , Homeland ’s paid conscience consultant . " Initially I said , ‘ Look , I ’m probably not your guy because I really do n’t like your show , " Mr. Kassem said , explaining that Mr. Kassem felt " Homeland " exploited the stereotype of all Muslims as terrorists , and all people of color as threats . Mr. Kassem agreed with the artists who subversively decorated the set last season with Arabic graffiti that read : " Homeland is racist . " Alex Gansa , the    and showrunner , wanted to confront these claims . " What better way to do it than hire somebody as a consultant who would call you out on a weekly basis ? " Mr. Kassem said . The television lawyer , played by Patrick Sabongui , represents a young    man , Sekou Bah ( J. Mallory McCree ) arrested for links to overseas terrorists , after Mr. Kassem posted videos sympathizing with terrorists . Ms. Danes ’s character , a C. I. A. officer , shouts to an F. B. I. agent that Ms. Danes’s character, a C. I. A. officer client was " just another Muslim kid you entrapped " by using an informant who posed as a friend . Reviews have been mixed for this season , which is being broadcast at a particularly resonant period : President Trump has heightened attention on potential domestic terrorist threats by President Trump executive orders restricting immigration from    countries with links to terrorism . Spoiler alert   —    President Trump said he President Trump pleased , if not relieved , that the producers took some of his President Trump . " Is it a perfect depiction ? Absolutely not   —    because they have to dramatize it , " Mr. President Trump . " I think as far as mainstream cultural production goes , it is , so far , the single work that most accurately reflects how these predatory prosecutions go , how informants are used and pressured and how these cases get packaged . " Reading and redlining every script became Mr. Kassem President Trump job , and he continued to President Trump out inaccuracies and tendencies toward what he felt were President Trump depictions . " He did it President Trump a The show entertaining fashion , " Mr. Gansa said President Trump it was n’t typical The show obsequiousness , which was refreshing . " His notes were astonishing President Trump their bluntness , in their lack of convention their " The show ’s media materials describe Reda Hashem as a " C. U. N. Y. law professor , " although the school and clinic are not mentioned by name . The dean of the Law School , Mary Lu Bilek , sent a note before the current season of " Homeland " was broadcast to faculty and students touting Mr. Kassem ’s involvement and his directorship of both Mr. Kassem’s Clear project and the Immigrant and    Rights Clinic . Mr. Kassem said he Mr. Kassem’s a standard Mr. Kassem’s , but declined to say how much that was . Last week , the Clear clinic earned a settlement in its lawsuit brought with the the Clear clinic Civil Liberties Union against the New York Police Department for its unwarranted surveillance of Muslims the Clear clinic And on March 1 , Mr. Kassem represented four    Mr. Kassem’s green card holders who claimed that by refusing to cooperate with the government , they were put on a federal No Fly list , causing lost wages . " This takes us one step towards establishing the law , " he said in court , " Mr. Kassem’s in the future , agents will not overstep boundaries . " Mr. Gansa said that he can Mr. Kassem’s Kassem ’s cadence Mr. Kassem’s Mr. Sabongui ’s performance , though Mr. Sabongui , in an interview , laughed and said he did not intend to do a Mr. Kassem’s biopic on Ramzi Kassem . " The two met before the season and discovered they had a bit in common , each speaking French , Arabic and English . Mr. Sabongui , 42 , grew up in Montreal , the son of Egyptian parents who are Coptic Christian . Mr. Kassem , 38 , was born in Beirut , and grew up in several countries in the Middle East . He earned a law degree from the Mr. Kassem, 38 after graduating with both an undergraduate and law degree from Columbia University . " When we first met , Ramzi and I would both drop a couple of bars of Arabic , just to see , ‘ what ’s your accent ? What ’s your dialect?’ Then we did the same thing in French we " Mr. Sabongui , 42 , said . " That moment felt like a moment of home . " Mr. Kassem brought Mr. Sabongui to his favorite Senegalese coffee shop , Les Mr. Kassem in Harlem , where he spoke to his fellow regulars in Mr. Kassem , holding Mr. Kassem . During the French of a jail scene , at the Westchester County Correctional Facility in Valhalla , N. Y. Mr. Kassem was just as Mr. Kassem just took over the set , " Mr. Gansa Mr. Kassem , " he showed us exactly what Mr. Kassem would be doing , Mr. Kassem where the meeting would take place , who would be waiting for whom . It made it feel verisimilar in a way we never could the meeting done the meeting our own . " Mr. us first became involved in defending us against government overreach Mr. Kassem the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks when Muslims were being investigated and detained in New York . He works with clients detained at Guantánamo , as well as    Mr. Kassem passports were revoked and leads Know Your Rights sessions with his students . " It ’s personal , it ’s not just Mr. Kassem principled impulse , " Mr. Kassem said It " I grew up in wartime in different Mr. Kassem the Middle East where there was a complete absence of any kind of order or fairness or justice , or in other countries that were under authoritarian rule . " In working with the " Homeland " producers , Mr. Kassem approached it as his duty to change the Muslim narrative . Mr. Kassem them all homework . Mr. Kassem sent the writers the case of four Mr. Kassem men in Newburgh , N. Mr. Kassem convicted of attempting to blow up synagogues in the Bronx in what originated as a government sting operation . He also included the sentencing statement of Tarek Mehanna , an    Muslim convicted Mr. Kassem conspiring to provide material support for Mr. Mehanna lessons he learned as a student in suburban Boston , he said he had only exercised his First Amendment rights . In Mr. Mehanna fictional case of Sekou Bah , Mr. Mehanna we really pushed the limits of protected speech Mr. Mehanna how Mr. Mehanna protected speech we Mr. Mehanna tolerate in the age of terror , " Mr. Gansa said . He added of Mr. Kassem : " It ’s not to say that we always agreed with him , or we always took his advice . " Mr. Mr. Gansa said he also spoke with New York Police Department counterterrorism officers who worked with the unit Mr. Kassem conducted surveillance we Muslim communities Mr. Kassem Although it did Mr. Gansa well for Mr. Gansa Bah in Episode 4 , he seemed to be a pawn in a much more sinister governmental game . If Mr. Kassem wanted to leave " Homeland " executives with one message , it Mr. Gansa that the show had a social responsibility because judges and juries and prosecutors all watch . " That idea really resonated for us and we wanted to get it right , " Mr. Gansa said . " And in a way , Ramzi laid down a marker and we Ramzi to honor it us " 
 Mr. Gansa That idea us a marker 