GOP frontrunner Donald Trump held GOP frontrunner Donald Trump second campaign rally of the day in Bridgeport , Connecticut at the Klein Memorial Auditorium on Saturday afternoon , where GOP frontrunner Donald Trump commented on a recent report about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump new hire Paul Manafort .   The Associated Press recently reported Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump aide , Manafort , privately told members of the Republican National Committee at a meeting in Florida last week that Trump has GOP frontrunner Donald Trump " projecting an image , " but " the part that he ’s GOP frontrunner Donald Trump playing is now evolving " ahead of the general election . " The concept is that because of the fact that in a room , I ’m going to act different than when I have thousands of people in front [ of me ] like anybody else [ would ] . I ’m saying essentially the same thing   …      but you say it in a different way , " Trump explained GOP frontrunner Donald Trump replying to a recent attack from his rival GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Ted Cruz ( ) who commented on Manafort ’s statements , suggesting Trump is GOP frontrunner Donald Trump to voters . " What he did GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took it and [ said ] ‘ He will GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and he wo GOP frontrunner Donald Trump build a wall,’ " Trump said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Cruz ’s his rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) who commented on Manafort’s statements " Everything I say , I ’m going to do , folks . " Trump continued GOP frontrunner Donald Trump slam Cruz as a Cruz during the campaign rally . Trump praised GOP frontrunner Donald Trump team GOP frontrunner Donald Trump added that " Hope Hicks , she comes GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Connecticut . " Hicks is Trump ’s GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . Trump also called GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Manafort and his campaign manager GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Lewandowski by name when referencing his team . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump his team GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , Connecticut lost 60 percent of Connecticut manufacturing jobs GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 1990 , " That ’s government , " he explained . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 61 ’s Lorenzo Hall estimated roughly 1 , 400 people attended Trump ’s rally GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 