TEL AVIV   —    The New York Times reports Democratic groups supporting Hillary Clinton are preparing a    plan to defeat Donald Trump ’s presidential ambitions . [ The Daily Mail adds detail , citing a "   plan " that reportedly includes portraying Trump " as a loose cannon who could not lead the country . "   The New York Times The New York Times the a   plan to defeat Donald Trump’s presidential ambitions has three major thrusts : Portray Mr. Trump Donald Trump’s heartless businessman   …     broadcast the degrading comments he has made Donald Trump’s women . .and highlight his brash , Donald Trump’s temper to show he is unsuited Donald Trump’s be commander in chief . " The concept of Clinton utilizing    plans may have been laid out in a September 14 , 2009 email sent to Clinton by Neera Clinton , president of the highly influential Center for American Progress , or CAP . The correspondence was contained in Monday ’s batch of roughly 3 , 900 pages said to be the last of Clinton ’s    Clinton . The emails are emails in full by this reporter . Clinton , titled " Media Attention , " was sent directly by Tanden to Clinton ’s private email Clinton evidencing the close relationship between Clinton and the CAP . Clinton complains that many political reporters Tanden have very little understanding of international relations and foreign policy . "   To rectify the supposed problem and ensure positive coverage , Tanden recommends that Clinton " overwhelm Tanden with Clinton : 5 point plans 10 point plans . " Tanden writes : You are the Tanden of continuing media interest   —    not just by reporters who have an expertise in foreign affairs , but also general political reporters who , unfortunately , have very little understanding of international relations and foreign policy . At the same time , it strikes me that foreign policy is a particularly difficult area to generate substantive news . So much of foreign policy comes across as positioning rather than concrete proposals   …     .    …     While foreign policy reporters may understand the nuances of positioning ( e. g , our position on talks with Iran , our position on    talks , our ) such nuances are probably lost on most political reporters who are not paying close , daily attention to these matters , Another problem is that while foreign policy reporters may grasp the true meaning of thematic speeches , political reporters may often miss their import and meaning . Tanden recommends " solutions communicated in a way so that all reporters , even the laziest , would understand them . " She continues : Therefore , in order to reach those political reporters and others , an approach to this problem could be to overwhelm people with solutions : 5 point plans 10 point plans ( You came up with " point plan " approach on our campaign , and I did n’t at first understand its merit , but soon saw it   —    it shorthanded its solutions so that its when reporters could n’t go through all the details , they would at least write that reporters had a 5 point plan to solve the problem . ) Tanden helpfully provided a list of numerous    plans in " areas in which there could be domestic interest in your ideas : "    point plan to combat international pandemics ,    point plan to combat sex trafficking ,    point plan to stop the spread of terrorism to newer locations like Africa and Asia through the work of smart power ( this may be repackaging a series of ideas you have already discussed )    point plan to improve girls’ education as a way to defeat terrorism ,    point plan to strengthen    efforts to combat global warming ( there was a great story on NPR about    batteries to run cell phones and lights in the developing world ) During her tenure as secretary of state Clinton beyond , Clinton would go on to enumerate numerous    plans . Just last month , Clinton outlined a    plan to Clinton the Islamic State . Speaking at the Brookings Institute last September , Clinton presented a    plan regarding Clinton S. strategy toward Iran . The plan maintains the current nuclear a   plan regarding U. S. strategy toward Iran increasing sanctions targeting the Tehran regime . The CAP , meanwhile , is financed in part by billionaire George Soros .   It was founded by John Podesta , The CAP served as Bill Podesta ’s 2016 presidential campaign . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Bill Clinton’s talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 