As Donald Trump continues to hammer Hillary Clinton ’s record on trade and economic policies , a blockbuster new POLITICO    poll shows that a majority of Americans believe multinational trade agreements of recent decades have lost U. S. jobs and depressed wages . [ a blockbuster new POLITICO   poll seems to represent a stunning rebuke of the trade agenda of Washington leaders in both political parties , and may portend poorly for Hillary Clinton , who has a long record of being a vocal advocate of global trade .   The a blockbuster new POLITICO   poll shows an     skepticism toward international trade , " Politico writes . By a     margin , Americans believe that trade policies with other countries have lost American jobs ( 65 % believe our trade policies have lost the U. S. jobs versus only 13 % who believe our trade policies have created U. S. jobs ) . By a nearly     margin , Americans believe our trade our trade policies rather than raised wages . Only 14 % of Americans believe our trade policies have our trade policies wages . The poll U. S. only a vanishing " 8 % of Republicans , 11 % of Independents , and 19 % of Democrats think free trade has led to higher wages for U. S. workers . " A majority U. S. in the Midwest ( 53 % ) said free trade agreements have hurt their communities —   this included important electoral A majority of those in the Midwest (53%) like Iowa , Michigan , Ohio , and Wisconsin . During the Democratic primary , Bernie Sanders repeatedly attacked Clinton for her position on trade and accused Clinton of Clinton " voted for virtually every Clinton agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions , millions of jobs . " The latest POLITICO    poll seems to confirm reports that have highlighted Clinton ’s vulnerability on the issue of trade Clinton instance , earlier this year , the liberal ,    Huffington Post published an article which seemed concerned that Trump ’s position on trade could deliver him to victory against Clinton . " One of Trump Trump’ main elements Clinton appeal to his voters   —    if not the main Donald   —    is his stance on trade and bringing jobs back to Donald . It is a winning message and Clinton is waaaayyyy behind the curve on this , Clinton Dave Johnson , a fellow at Campaign for America ’s Future , wrote in the Huffington Post America Moreover , the POLITICO    poll also seems to present troubling data for the Clinton camp regarding Clinton ’s strategy of campaigning as Clinton Obama ’s Clinton . The poll found that most Americans do not think the the POLITICO   poll economy has improved after eight years of Obama ’s presidency . " A majority ( 56 % ) President Obama’s Americans think the U. S. economy has either stayed the same ( 24 the U. S. economy worse ( 32 % ) since the 2008 economic downturn , " the report states . " A majority also believes it has gotten harder for both    and    income people to get ahead A majority . " Politico notes that the poll    " an ominous sign for TPP , in particular . "   While less than a third of Americans " say they have heard or read anything " about the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement , " among those who have heard of it , 63 % are opposed and 68 % think it should not be the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement on until the new Congress comes into office after the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement    session . " While Clinton now claims to oppose TPP is in its current form , reports have documented how Clinton played a " leading part TPP drafting the    Partnership . " CNN Clinton documented that Clinton is on the record as having praised or promoted the TPP at least Clinton times —   previously describing the deal as the " gold standard . " Moreover , in a Wednesday CNBC interview , Bill Clinton said that the case for approval of TPP is " clear . Clinton poll ’s findings regarding Republican voters are particularly remarkable . The poll found that an astounding 85 % of Republicans believe that    " free The poll has lost more U. S. jobs than it has created —   a majority of Democrats ( 54 % ) and Independents ( "free trade" % ) agree with that sentiment . Additionally , 66 % of Republicans and 50 % of Independents believe that free trade has lowered U. S. wages . By a nearly     margin , Republicans believe free trade agreements have U. S. " their community rather than helped it ( 47 % say free trade has hurt their community versus Republicans % who say it their community helped their community ) . These findings suggest 47% voters are overwhelmingly rejecting the views their community their party 47% leaders in Washington , such as the trade agenda of House Speaker Paul Ryan . Republican voters has a long record of being a vocal advocate for global trade , despite the fact that House Speaker Paul Ryan   as the new POLITICO poll shows —   nearly 9 in 10 of the voters Ryan is supposed to represent believe that these    " free trade " deals have cost the U. House Speaker Paul Ryan more jobs than they have created . " A large majority of Republicans are repudiating their party ’s traditional support for free trade , and falling sharply in line with nominee Donald Trump A large majority of Republicans insistence that trade costs Americans more jobs than it creates , " Politico notes . Economist Peter Navarro , who is now a senior policy advisor to the Trump campaign , told Politico that Republican voters have long agreed with the position on trade now championed by Trump , but Politico Republican party leaders and donors refused to champion the views of their party ’s voters . " There ’s been a schism for a long time between registered Republicans Republican party leaders and donors the party leadership , " Navarro said . " That was the essence of the primary election . You had a group of insider politicians singing the same old globalization song . And one candidate saying the emperor has no clothes . " 
 