Sen. Marco Rubio has won the Puerto Rico Republican Primary , and it appears Sen. Marco Rubio is going to secure all of the 23 delegates from the U. S. territory . [ The Florida Senator was    to win the Puerto Rico primary , and The Florida Senator received key endorsements from leaders there . The Florida Senator is the only candidate who campaigned there prior to the Republican primary on the island .   Rubio performed poorly stateside this weekend . Rubio finished far behind leaders Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in all four states voting on Super Saturday . Rubio highest level of support was just 16 percent of the vote . Rubio failed to meet the threshold for delegates in Louisiana and Maine , despite strong backing from Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . Rubio told supporters from San Juan Saturday night : These are important states . We were in Kansas yesterday . important states have a certain profile that other candidates do better in . We We that . But it that proportional . What you need to understand is all important states awarding important states by proportion . So tonight , we will have more delegates We we did last night . We continue to pick up We and we will continue to do We , and this map only gets better as we move forward in some We the other states . While campaigning in Puerto Rico , he gave speeches entirely in Rubio , according to reports . Additionally , Rubio answered reporters’ questions in both English and Spanish . Rubio recently secured Spanish from Rubio Republican leaders in Puerto Rico , including Luis Puerto Rico who served as Fortuño the 2012 Republican primary in the territory . Romney won the island by a landslide , demolishing Rick Santorum with over 85 percent of the vote Mitt Romney Based on early results , Rubio is on track to match Romney ’s result . The number one issue dominating Puerto Rico in Mitt Romney months has been the island Mitt Romney crisis and possible debt default . Political leaders are lobbying Congress for a legislative exemption that would allow the island to file for bankruptcy . In order to win delegates in Puerto Rico , a candidate needs Puerto Rico a threshold of 20 percent . 50 percent support is needed to Puerto Rico of the 23 delegates available . 
 