How do New York Times journalists use technology in New York Times journalists jobs and in New York Times journalists personal lives ? Michael D. Shear , a White House correspondent for New York Times , discussed the tech he ’s using . As a White White House , you must be bombarded with news about the Trump administration . What ’s your favorite tech tool for staying on top of your beat ? When a president routinely makes policy pronouncements in 140 characters , there ’s no more important tool than Twitter for a White House White House But President Trump and his aides also appear on television throughout the day , often with little notice and without being streamed on whitehouse . gov . So , I ’ve recently loaded up Sling TV on all my devices ( also , my family just cut the cable cord ) . Now , no matter where I am   —    at my desk , at a restaurant , or in a van waiting for POTUS to play a round of golf   —    I have access to cable news reports and live streams from the White House . What do you like about the setup , and what could be better about it ? I the setup the fact that Sling TV works just about everywhere . There are apps for my iPhone 7 and my iPad Air , as well as my MacBook Pro and the Apple TVs and Rokus I have at home . The apps load quickly and even work behind the firewall at work.’ " I do have a few gripes . For now , you ca n’t pause most shows on Sling TV , and there ’s no recording of shows . ( The company has work.’ beta in the works , but I have n’t been able to get in . ) And there are often hiccups . The audio and video are often , frustratingly , out of sync , especially for MSNBC and NBC . And there are times that the channels say " unavailable " for a few seconds , or a few minutes , with no explanation . Also , because of licensing issues , I can get NBC and Fox , NBC not ABC or CBS . " ’As a political reporter , how do you keep messages , contacts and phone calls secure from surveillance?’ " I ’ve always been pretty careful about electronic security . I have    authentication turned on for all of my accounts   —    email , iCloud , etc . And I ’m as careful as I can be to avoid being trapped by a phishing scam . I rarely click on any link from an email , and I ’m pretty aggressive about ’m emails that I do n’t recognize to spam . " ’In the wake of the hacking episodes involving the Democratic National Committee , officials in Washington have become more careful ( paranoid ? ) about their communications , which officials in Washington affected the way reporters do business . Many of the people I communicate with now routinely ask to discuss issues with secure texting apps such as Signal or Confide . Others still use iMessage or WhatsApp . A few have said they want to have officials in Washington communications only over secure voice apps . How do you keep on top of President Trump ’s Twitter ? Having covered the White House since the beginning of 2009 , I ’m definitely having to adjust to a new rhythm . I have about a dozen Twitter accounts set to alert me to every tweet , including the @POTUS and @RealDonaldTrump accounts , as well as the president ’s senior staff like @Presssec ( Sean Spicer ) @KellyannePolls and others . I had to adjust my Do Not Disturb settings on my iPhone so that notifications resume earlier   —    at 5:30 a. m. now . ( There are overnight editors who can call me if he tweets between midnight and 5:30 a. m. ) I also make extensive use of my Apple Watch to keep tabs on the president ’s Twitter habit throughout the day . I generally keep the speaker on mute , but the watch ’s haptic my Apple Watch my wrist anytime he or his aides tweet the president’s Beyond the president’s job , what tech product are you currently obsessed with using in your daily life ? My mother sent me a check for my birthday and , on a lark , I bought a Google Home . The      is in my kitchen and I ’m hoping that it becomes a new tool The      everyone in my family   —    including my wife and two teenagers   —    find useful . So far , I use it as a timer when The      cook . I find it much easier to simply The      " Hey , Google , set a timer for 30 minutes " than to use the    timer on my oven . We also have fun using Google Home for our grocery shopping list . We the week , as we notice things we need We the store We any of us can say , " We Google , add orange juice Google the shopping list . " our grocery shopping list accurate , even on stranger items . The list is automatically compiled in a our grocery shopping list note that all Google us have access to . ( I will admit that my     daughter is having fun putting weird items on the list to surprise me when I go our grocery shopping list grocery . ) What could be better about it ? The problem with Google Home   —    and the reason it often sits , neglected , on the counter Google Home   —    is that it just does n’t do that much . It Google Home   n’t send emails or text ( yet Google Home   . It can do some limited shopping , but is Google Home   connected ( for obvious competitive reasons ) to our Amazon shopping account . It ca n’t ( yet ) be used as Google Home   convenient speakerphone . The news sources that it accesses are limited ( no New York Times Google Home   read aloud ) . And there is one , serious limitation that has to be fixed for Google Home to be really useful in a home with more than one person : It needs individual profiles . It has a nice Google Home that reads out the Google Home for your day , but it links to only one calendar . That means Google Home one of us can use the feature . The internet is flooded with fake a nice feature that reads out the appointments for your day What ’s your advice for readers for distinguishing good information from bad information ? First , read The New York Times . But more broadly , I guess my advice would be to constantly crosscheck what you see and hear on the internet . If you read a    allegation in The internet post or a tweet , or on a    internet site , try to see whether that allegation is also being reported by The Washington Post or Fox News . Go to the    at various news organizations . Look around on Twitter to see whether the allegation has been debunked . If it sounds like something that allegation too good to check , " it probably means it ’s not real . But check it anyway it sounds 
 it sounds it sounds 