Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and Aaron Klein , the website ’s Jerusalem bureau chief , discussed how the new media has successfully bypassed mainstream outlets to break major stories on Bill and Hillary Clinton ’s alleged war on female sex assault accusers . [ The comments were made on Breitbart News Daily , the morning radio program . Aaron Klein was discussing Aaron Klein exclusive interview Sunday with Kathleen Willey , one of the women who famously accused Hillary Clinton of sexual assault , and has said she Hillary Clinton acts of intimidation to silence her Hillary Clinton You can hear the entire exchange below :    During the interview , Willey Hillary Clinton other possible female victims of Bill Hillary Clinton speak out . She stated Hillary Clinton " Nobody can touch you now . The word is out . You will be okay , but you will be doing the right thing for all the right reasons and you will be helping your fellow sisters . " Speaking to Breitbart News Daily host Bannon , Klein explained , " It ’s not like the ’90s . It ’s It like 2000 . The environment has changed " regarding societal attitudes toward sex assault accusers . Bannon chimed in : The attitude has changed . The environment The environment . And also there ’s now new media . There is Aaron Klein Klein has got Klein massive global platform called Breitbart and Breitbart News Daily . You ’ve    the ability of the New York Times , the Washington Post . For Sidney Blumenthal to go in there and put pressure on these media organizations and have them play ball . these media organizations biggest change is now you ’ve got full access and she can have access Hillary day of the week on a massive news site and in a massive radio show . Klein replied : Now , actually , in spite of the news media , and because of Breitbart and others , now Hillary is being asked about this . Bill is going out in public , and NBC and others are asking him about the interviews Bill see at Breitbart . It is Breitbart amazing . Last week , Clinton was caught on video avoiding reporters’ questions about Juanita Broaddrick , who previously accused Clinton of raping her Clinton spoke out Clinton Klein ’s radio show in November . Last week , Broaddrick Last week the rape , generating a new flurry of news media activity . This after Hillary Clinton was repeatedly heckled Clinton at a town hall event Broaddrick Derry , New Hampshire by Katherine Prudhomme O’Brien , a GOP state representative from Rockingham . Donald Trump   helped to skyrocket the issue of Clinton ’s sex accusers to    Clinton the GOP frontrunner complained about the former president GOP " terrible record Clinton . " Trump was responding to Hillary ’s claim that the Trump   exhibited a " penchant for sexism . " " If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband , with Hillary terrible Hillary of women Hillary , while playing her husband women ’s card on me , she ’s wrong ! " tweeted Trump Hillary Breitbart Hillary Klein has been spotlighted by the news media in recent days for exclusively interviewing Bill Clinton ’s famous sex accusers , including Broaddrick , Paula Jones , and Willey . Gennifer Flowers , who had consensual relations with Clinton , also warned about a Hillary presidency on Bill Clinton’s ’s show . The interviews helped spark the Breitbart’s Klein ’s alleged female victims , a topic that has engulfed Hillary ’s frontrunning campaign . The Washington Post on Thursday cited a Hillary in which Klein described how his radio program had become " a support center Breitbart’s Klein sorts " Breitbart’s Klein Bill Clinton ’s female accusers   —    " a    for these women to sound off about the way they were allegedly treated by both Bill and Hillary . " 
 these women 