Two top aides to Dr. Ben Carson ’s presidential campaign —   campaign manager Barry Bennett and communications director Doug Watts —   are resigning from Dr. Ben Carson campaign on New Year ’s eve . [ " Barry Bennett and I have resigned from the presidential campaign immediately , " Doug Watts , a former Ronald Reagan administration official , said in a statement .   We respect the candidate and we have enjoyed We him go from the candidate back in the field to top tier status . Having just announced raising $ 23 m for the 4th Q , more than any other Republican candidate , and passing 1 million contributions and and over 600 k unique donors since March , we are proud We our efforts for We Carson and we wish him We his Dr Carson the Dr Carson of luck . It ’s unclear at this time exactly why they stepped down . But Carson in recent Dr Carson has hinted at a campaign    coming . " We ’re going to certainly be altering some things in the campaign , a campaign    will be talking We that quite publicly next week , " Carson said in Dr Carson recent interview with Fox Business . The Washington Post ’s Bob Costa and Jose DelReal recently reported that Carson was planning Dr Carson look at reorganizing his campaign . Dr Carson a campaign    looking at every aspect of the campaign right now . a campaign    on the table , every job is on the table . And we ’re the table analyze it very carefully , " Carson said in Dr Carson interview with the Post . " It ’s The Washington Post , and we ’re it to work on it . we Carson subsequently cast Dr Carson on it piece . " I think The Washington Post quite frankly had their The Washington Post before they talked to me , and they were convinced that their was going to fire everybody their we were going to go in a completely different direction their " he said in Dr Carson CNN interview . " I think the people that I have are spectacular . " But it turns out both Watts and Bennett have now stepped down . It ’s unclear where things go from here for Carson it a political outsider who at one time rivaled GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in polling but has slipped back behind fellow outsider Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) . While Carson ’s team says it raised more than Cruz in the fourth quarter of Carson’s team —   Carson ’s team says they pulled in $ 23 million Carson’s team says he pulled Carson’s team nearly $ 20 million —   Cruz Cruz pulled past Cruz into second place in the 2016 GOP presidential Cruz Carson . Most analysts believe that Carson ’s supporters have drifted to Cruz over the course Carson Carson’s deflation in polling . A campaign    Cruz Carson in Carson’s —   just a month before voters in Iowa head to the caucuses —   is n’t usually a good thing . But it could give , if done just right , Carson a boost heading into election A campaign   this late in the cycle —  just a month before voters in Iowa head to the caucuses —   . 
 Carson 