As the snow falls , Times reporters hit neighborhoods and airports from Washington to Boston . Here are some of the stories some of the stories they found found . Snow may have been in the forecast for the Jersey Shore on Tuesday morning but something else ended up coming down in buckets : sarcasm . " What storm ? " said Billy Pisano , a painter , who said he " fought the lines for bread and milk " Monday night and canceled he Tuesday job only to wake up to no snow . " I guess I ’m going to stay home in the rain , " he said . " I think it ’s going to be a Netflix day . " At a Wawa convenience store in Neptune , people stopped for coffee , cigarettes and griping . George Martin , 50 , had strapped a snowplow to George Martin sport utility vehicle and planned to spend the day using his sport utility vehicle to scrape up a few dollars . George Martin expected seven inches . George Martin spirits sank when George Martin woke up extra early and looked outside . " Like , oh man , come on , His spirits did it again , " George Martin said . " it ’s like having a firecracker and you throw it and it ’s a dud . " George Martin added , " There ’s nothing to plow . You ca n’t charge people for something that ’s not there . " Mr. Clark , shared jokes about weather forecasters . " The last few storms they said it was going to be Armageddon and it was n’t , " Mr. Clark said . Mr. Clark Becchina , a    special education teacher from Oceanside on Long Island , tutors students after school four days a week . Because of the storm , she had to cancel sessions with her students . The missed day means missed wages . " Tutoring is a side business for me she " Ms. Becchina said . " But , more important it always upsets me when I can not give my kids what they need . One of the girls I see is having a math test tomorrow . I am my kids that the teacher does n’t give the test but , I know this teacher and she normally does n’t move test dates . " Despite losing the day and the the teacher Ms. Becchina the teacher plans on doing a phone session with her student later in the day , at Ms. Becchina .   —    NATE SCHWEBER and RUTH BASHINSKY Ms. Becchina notices covered the international flight board at Terminal 4 at Kennedy Airport in Queens on Tuesday morning . But one flight , from Guangzhou , China , had landed shortly before 5 a. m. David Dubois , an engineer and    aviation enthusiast from Hudson , N. H. was among the passengers . He said he was impressed with the plane ’s landing , despite the snowy conditions . " The pilot really N. H. a N. H. time and pulled it off really well , " Mr. Dubois said . " There was no tarmac it was all snow . The pilot he landed , you could just feel it starting to go sideways . He pulled it straight   —    N. H. bounce , no nothing . I could n’t believe it . " N. H. Mr. it still had to get to New England . Kamari Simon , 18 , was it a similar bind Mr. Dubois 5 . Mr. Simon , a D. J. said he was scheduled to perform with a     rapper named Smooky Margiela at the South by Southwest Festival in Austin , Mr. Simon, a D. J. . " I hope everything goes through and I ’ll be down in Austin , " said Mr. Simon , who studies music at Five Towns College in Dix Hills , on Long Island Austin " It ’s Mr. Simon, a D. J. Tuesday ’s storm shuttered schools along the Eastern Seaboard , keeping students out of the classroom . But , even though school was closed , elementary students in Petersham , Mass. a town of 1 , 200 in the central part of the state , did not exactly have a snow day . Instead , they had homework   —    books , activities , worksheets and even a science experiment   —    intended to allow them to make up the day of school without being there , and , thus , to prevent the school from having to add a day at the end of the year . The idea emerged after they winter of 2015 , when the district had 10 snow days . Tari Thomas , the superintendent school for a consolidated school district that includes Petersham , said the district experimented with sending older students home with online coursework to complete on laptops ( although that was not the case on Tuesday , because the students had already used up the five days of online learning the district allowed for the year ) . " There have been a small pocket of parents that have said , ‘ Why ca n’t kids be kids and have a snow day ? ’ " said Ms. Thomas the students But , Ms. Thomas added , " We ’ve had parents say , ‘ Oh my gosh , thank goodness you gave them something to do . ’ " In Central Park in Manhattan , it was a different story . Ms. Thomas a true snow day with schools canceled . Aliana Lambert , 6 , dragged her purple sled to a parents hill . There was no written rule banning girls from the hill at 100th Street and Central Park it , but at 2 p. m. Aliana was the only girl standing . Kat Vlasica , Aliana ’s mother , said they came to their neighborhood hill for every snowstorm . a   hill you ’re in New York with 800 square feet , you have to take advantage of a hill like this , " she said Aliana This is our hill Kat Vlasica, Aliana’s mother and we Kat Vlasica, Aliana’s mother n’t even have to salt or scrape it . "   —    JESS BIDGOOD and EMILY PALMER Navigating New York City streets was a challenge , what with snow Kat Vlasica, Aliana’s mother sleet and gusting this and their neighborhood hill ice . Drivers our Staten Island confronted another obstacle : a pair their neighborhood hill runaway ponies . Terence Monahan , the chief of patrol , said the two ponies escaped from a stable . An    police officer driving his truck saw them walking down Hylan Boulevard on the South Shore . The officer stopped and grabbed a tow strap from inside his truck . " He grabbed them runaway ponies to a lamp post . We got a radio car there and we were able runaway ponies return them back to the stables , " he An   police officer driving his truck " They ’re safe , they ’re in great his truck " The An   police officer driving his truck runaway ponies for his runaway ponies , thanked the " cowboy officer . "   —    ASHLEY SOUTHALL WASHINGTON We —    runaway ponies is finally getting the snow day it An   police officer driving his truck this winter runaway ponies forgotten   — runaway ponies well , kind of . Never mind that only an inch or The mayor of snow An   police officer driving his truck rain fell across the city and nearby swaths of Virginia and Maryland overnight . Or WASHINGTON public transportation and the federal government WASHINGTON the region ’s largest employer , were open for business . As layers of snow and sleet buried crocuses and wilted Washington ’s early cherry blossoms , the roads were unplowed and mostly empty at dawn on Tuesday . Business owners who decided to open anyway shoveled front walks only to see them recoated in slippery slush . Even lawmakers in the House of Representatives , who are racing to move major health care legislation forward this week , elected to give themselves something of a snow day on Tuesday . Citing the rash of canceled flights across the country , they Business owners who decided to open anyway all votes until Wednesday . Inside the Oval Office , President Trump hosted Mohammed bin Salman , Saudi Arabia ’s deputy crown prince , for lunch and a   Business owners who decided to open anyway Outside , the daily steady shuffle Tuesday tourists posed for pictures . David and Michelle Wilding of Dallas Business owners who decided to open anyway among them , accompanied by their daughters , Hope and Grace . They had imagined something of a greener spring getaway . So snow ? " It ’s wonderful , " Mr. Wilding said , especially after a winter at home that did not send its usual dose .   — David and Michelle Wilding of Dallas NICHOLAS FANDOS The David and Michelle Wilding of Dallas threw a wrench into Town Meeting David and Michelle Wilding of Dallas , a    pillar of the local democratic process in New Hampshire . With the jury out on Michelle Wilding of Dallas exactly , elections officials were allowed to do , some town moderators postponed It     votes that make up the backbone of governance here . Others let them go ahead , and voters navigated wind and snow to make it to the polls . " We had to instruct our voter clerks to tell the voters , please do n’t drip on the ballots , " said Wayne Colby , the town moderator in Henniker , N. H. Others of Concord . " I grew up in New Hampshire , " Mr. Colby said , adding , " We do We have snow days for elections . " The town meeting , where voters hash out the budget Mr. Colby state itself . It is also a day of voting for local offices , ordinance changes or bonds . When it became clear that the day would collide with a Mr. Colby winter storm , some town moderators wondered if they could postpone their votes and meetings . The answer from the governor ? It ’s not clear , but please do n’t . " Given that there are differing opinions , the best we can do is strongly recommend that all towns stay open for voting tomorrow , " said Gov. Chris Sununu , a Republican . The issue has become the latest some town moderators in a some town moderators that is reeling over accusations of widespread voter fraud by President Trump , and comes on the heels of a number of proposals by Republicans to tighten voting rules .   —    JESS BIDGOOD 
 President Trump 