Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton admitted that the presidential race Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was running in had become " downright depressing " during a rally at Temple University in Philadelphia specifically branded for millennials . [ " Now of course , politics can be discouraging , " Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said , talking about Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton career in politics and activism . " This election in particular can be down right depressing sometimes . "   Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton complained that the media had helped Donald Trump turn the election into a reality show . " We ca n’t get distracted when the media or my opponent turns the election into a circus , " Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said . Reading from a teleprompter , Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton told several personalized stories of some of Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton young supporters struggling with their difficult circumstances and promised to fight with them their reform . But Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton saved Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton most energetic lines for criticizing Trump for his Trump rhetoric . " But you also see the Republican presidential nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we ’ve never seen before in any campaign , " Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said . " Hate speech being normalized . The dog whistles are out in the open . " The audience behind Clinton appeared to applaud politely as Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton recited a long list of things Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton wanted to accomplish and signaled emotions about people Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had met on the campaign trail . But Clinton Clinton that she Clinton n’t been fully transparent about who she Clinton , and tried to express that she Clinton willing to change . " I also know that even if you are totally opposed to Donald Trump , you may still have some questions about me , " she Clinton . " I get that . And I want to do my best to answer those questions . " She Clinton them those questions register voters and volunteer for her Clinton . " This is going to be close , we need everybody off the sidelines , " she Clinton . " Not voting is not an option . That just plays right into Trump ’s hands . It really does . " 
 