Author and former investigative reporter for The Washington Post and Boston Herald Ron Kessler is backing up assertions first reported by Breitbart News regarding Hillary Clinton from former Secret Service agent Gary Byrne ’s forthcoming book Crisis of Character . [ Herald Ron Kessler told the Boston Herald , " I think the Boston Herald ’s right on . the Boston Herald has to do with Herald Ron Kessler character , the hypocrisy of someone who claims to help the country and yet Herald Ron Kessler ca n’t bring Herald Ron Kessler to treat other human beings who are less powerful than Herald Ron Kessler is with respect and dignity . Someone like that can really get out of control once Someone like that get in the White House . Someone like that have all that power and Someone like that become even more arrogant . "   Kessler previously penned Kessler own book on Hillary ’s time in the White House when her husband Hillary was president . " She would Hillary , even recently , tell agents she did Hillary want to see them when agents were agents events . She literally Hillary them to agents behind curtains , " Kessler told Kessler Herald . Clinton has tried to portray Donald Trump as a " loose cannon " in interviews , but Byrne ’s new book may actually give the presumptive GOP nominee evidence to turn the insult around on her . Hillary Trump campaign Donald Trump off a press release yesterday saying the book new book countless examples of Clinton not Clinton the composure to handle the rigors of the Oval Office . " While many traditional media outlets have been reluctant to cover the book so new book Trump may Donald Trump their hand if he many traditional media outlets Donald Trump at it during his televised new book . Breitbart ’s exclusive report on details from Byrne ’s upcoming book was published earlier this month : Secret Service Agent Book : Raging Hillary Clinton Threw Bible at Agent ’s Colleague . One day , UD [ Uniformed Division ] officers met to review events at their respective postS. A UD [Uniformed Division] officers new officer arrived . ‘ Hey you ’ll never believe it , but I passed the First lady and she told me to the First lady to hell!’ A second young officer responded , ‘ You think that ’s bad ? I passed her on the West the First lady , and all I said was ‘ Good morning , First Lady.’ She told me , the First lady Go f — ‘ yourself.’ ‘ Are you serious?’ ‘ Go f —    yourself!’ He imitated her , serious?’ a the First lady . At first , the unit ’s sergeant challenged the story " but another officer soon corroborated " it . " Our the story was speechless , " Byrne writes . " We assured the rookie Our this was n’t the job ’s normal atmosphere —   at least , not under the previous administration . The sergeant fumed and the unit’s sergeant watch commander , who pushed things up the Secret Service chain of command , who said they ’d forward it to Chief of Staff Leon Panetta . " At that point , the Secret Service actually " circulated a memo reminding everyone to report any ‘ unusual’ First Family interaction to their supervisors . " " First Family new guy ( who had earned a Purple Heart fighting the Clintons’ war in Somalia ) got an apology for the First Lady ’s actions —   but not directly from her of course , " The new guy (who had earned a Purple Heart fighting the Clintons’ war in Somalia) writes . In another excerpt obtained exclusively by Breitbart News , Byrne recounts an episode in Byrne Hillary Clinton —   in a screaming ,    tantrum wherein she referred to Secret Service Hillary Clinton as " assholes " —   vented to Bill Clinton that she thought which Hillary Clinton Service was which Hillary Clinton to Secret Service The book reads : ‘ They f —   ed us , Bill!’ Hillary screamed . I stifled a laugh . The president tried his best to calm her Bill!’ Hillary He could Bill!’ Hillary . Hillary Clinton Bill!’ Hillary no perspective Bill!’ Hillary which Hillary Clinton need to get rid of these assholes , Bill!’ She thought she was being tough — which Hillary Clinton in which Hillary Clinton —   but the issue commanded her . She fumed that the Secret which Hillary Clinton ’s which Hillary Clinton Division , my branch , disloyal leftovers from Papa Bush , conspired against the administration . ‘ They ’ve had it out for us from the beginning!’ the Secret Service’s Uniformed Division, my branch, disloyal leftovers from Papa Bush, conspired against the administration kept yelling .  
 which Hillary Clinton We 