Fashion designer Sophie Theallet is urging Fashion designer Sophie Theallet colleagues in couture to follow Fashion designer Sophie Theallet example by refusing to " dress " the future first lady Melania Trump . [ " As one who celebrates and strives for diversity , individual freedom and respect for all lifestyles , I will not participate in dressing or associating in any way with the next First Lady , " Fashion designer Sophie Theallet wrote , reports Elle . " The rhetoric of racism , sexism , and xenophobia unleashed by her husband ’s presidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by . I encourage my fellow designers to do the same . "   Fashion designer Sophie Theallet says designing for current first lady Michelle Obama during her husband ’s two terms as president was " a highlight and an honor . " " Fashion designer Sophie Theallet has contributed to having our name recognized and respected worldwide , " the designer continued about Obama . " Fashion designer Sophie Theallet values , actions , and grace have always deeply resonated with me . " " Integrity is our only true currency , " Theallet added . The New York Times reports , however , designer Diane von Furstenberg ’s notion that her designer Diane von Furstenberg with Theallet Theallet may change their tune once Trump is actually inaugurated . Quoting the defeated Hillary Clinton ’s concession speech , von Furstenberg designer Diane von Furstenberg fashion industry should also " do what we can " to accept the election results . None of the designers asked by the Times if they would " dress " Melania Trump for the inauguration said they would not they says the report . Von Furstenberg also designer Diane von Furstenberg that Trump   —    a former model   —    may not actually need their assistance . " they ’m sure she knows what to designer Diane von Furstenberg , " she said . " designer Diane von Furstenberg would be hypocritical to say no to dressing a Trump , " Marcus Wainwright , chief executive of Rag   Bone , also considered . " If we say we are about inclusivity we making American manufacturing great again , then we have to put we before personal political beliefs . " 
 