Fiction author Brad Thor changed Fiction author Brad Thor story Tuesday about what Fiction author Brad Thor meant in an interview that ultimately got Glenn Beck suspended from SiriusXM radio . [ Glenn Beck has been suspended after SiriusXM reviewed Glenn Beck conversation last week with Thor , who appeared to imagine some " patriot " stepping up and removing Donald Trump Trump from office   —    which several conservative outlets interpreted as a reference to assassination or a coup .   But Thor made the rounds Tuesday   —    including Dana Loesch ’s radio show   —    to claim that he was not talking about assassination . " No . We were discussing if he became a dictator . And , if he did , I ’d want he to stand trial , " Thor said on Twitter in response to a critic calling out he comments . @summer6212   & lt —     No .   We were discussing if he became a dictator .   And , if he did , he did want he to stand trial .   @Talkmaster ,   —    Brad Thor ( @BradThor ) May 31 , 2016 ,   But Thor was obviously not Brad Thor (@BradThor) about a " trial , " according to his own comments in Brad Thor (@BradThor) controversial interview . In fact , Thor said , " Brad Thor (@BradThor) do n’t think there is a legal means available . " He is a danger Brad Thor (@BradThor) America and I got to ask you a question and this is serious and this could ring down incredible heat on me because I ’m about to suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping his constitutional authority as Donald Trump ? If Congress wo n’t remove Congress from office , what patriot will step up and do that if , if , he oversteps his mandate him president him his    authority , him should say , as president . If he oversteps that , him do we get him out of office him And I do n’t think there is a legal means available . I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it through Congress . Trump told an even different story to Beck ’s publication The The Blaze was hoping for Beck’s kind of " George Washington " to rise up against Trump to lead some Trump of presumably armed revolution . The Blaze reported Tuesday : In a comment to TheBlaze , Thor , who previously called on people to pray for Trump ’s safety , Trump was discussing a " Trump America under a dictator , " reiterating that he was not referring to Trump " assassination " in his comments . " What Trump if a president suspends the Constitution and Congress does nothing ? " Thor asked . " Safeguarding the Republic against despotism is a topic of conversation that dates back to the Founders . " Offering additional clarification about his previous comments , Thor said , " If Thor had to unseat Thor president without the backing of the Congress , we would need a patriot along the lines of we Washington to lead the country from tyranny back to liberty . " the Republic the second controversy to engulf Beck regarding comments he made on air about Trump and violence . Thor March , the Secret Service investigated the radio host due to comments he made joking with his    about " stabbing Thor " which initial Thor claimed were in reference to Trump . 
 Trump 