Republican nominee Donald Trump is using Twitter to respond to Hillary Clinton ’s speech at the Democratic National Convention . [ Republican nominee Donald Trump argues Hillary Clinton’s is " owned by Wall Street , " and Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s criticizing the former secretary of state ’s record .   Hillary Clinton’s ’s refusal to mention Radical Islam , as Hillary Clinton’s pushes a 550 % increase in refugees , is more proof that Hillary Clinton’s is unfit to lead the country .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton can not even bring Hillary Clinton to say the words .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton will never reform Wall Street . Hillary Clinton is owned by Wall Street !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton ’s vision is a borderless world where working people have no power , no jobs , no safety .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton ’s wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction , terrorism and ISIS across the world .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton   —    corruption and devastation follows Hillary Clinton wherever Hillary Clinton goes .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s senior policy adviser Stephen Miller released a statement critical of Clinton Hillary Clinton from the campaign following Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton insulting collection of clichés and recycled rhetoric . She spent the evening talking Hillary Clinton to the American people she ’s looked down on Hillary Clinton whole life . Hillary Hillary Clinton talks about unity Hillary Clinton E Pluribus Unum , but her globalist agenda denies American citizens Hillary Clinton protections to which they are all entitled   — American citizens tearing us apart . Her radical amnesty plan will take Hillary Clinton , resources and benefits from the most vulnerable citizens of the United States and give them to the citizens of other the most vulnerable citizens of the United States . Her refusal to even say the Hillary Clinton ‘ Radical Islam’ or to mention her disaster in Libya , or Hillary Clinton corrupt email scheme , all Hillary Clinton how little she cares about the safety of Hillary Clinton American people . It ’s a speech delivered from a fantasy universe , not the reality we live in today . Hillary America says America is stronger Hillary Clinton But in Hillary Clinton ’s America , millions of Hillary Clinton left out America the cold . She only stands together with the donors and Hillary Clinton interests who ’ve bankrolled her entire life . Excluded from Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton America are the suffering people Hillary Clinton’s America cities , or the victims of open borders and drug cartels , or the people who ’ve lost their jobs because of the Clintons’ trade deals , or any hardworking person who does n’t have enough money to get a seat at Hillary Clinton ’s table . Trump campaigned in Iowa on Hillary Clinton’s to campaign in Colorado on Friday . 
 