Jackson , Mississippi   —    UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage addressed a 10 , 000 + strong crowd at the Coliseum in Jackson , Mississippi , telling a 10, 000+ strong crowd at the Coliseum in Jackson, Mississippi to " put on a 10, 000+ strong crowd at the Coliseum in Jackson, Mississippi walking boots " and urging a 10, 000+ strong crowd at the Coliseum in Jackson, Mississippi to form a 10, 000+ strong crowd at the Coliseum in Jackson, Mississippi own " People ’s Army " to defeat the U. S. political establishment . [ Mr. Farage   —    who led his party ( UKIP ) to victory in the 2014 European Parliamentary elections , to a whopping 4 m votes in the 2015 UK general election , and mostly importantly , to Britain voting to leave the European Union in 2016   —    has used the " People ’s Army " moniker to describe his party ’s supporters for years .    Introduced by Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump , Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump told the crowd that UKIP and Brexit campaigners had defeated the UK political establishment including the big banks , the corporations , the political classes , the pollsters , and the " liberal elite " by talking to people about controlling people country , people borders , and having    for people . He hit out at U. S. President Barack Obama , who visited Britain during the campaign and threatened to send the country " to the back of the queue " for a trade deal with the United States if Britain voted for Brexit . Brexit meets Mr Brexit pic . twitter .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) August 24 , 2016 ,   Mr. Farage has previously called Mr. Obama " despicable " and said he Mr. Farage to repeat his Mr. Farage by telling Americans how to vote . But echoing his Mr. Farage from an earlier interview with Breitbart London , Mr. Mr. Farage : " I would n’t vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me . In fact , I would n’t vote for Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton paid me you paid me crowd , massively receptive to Mr. Farage Mr. Farage cheered repeatedly when he mentioned how they Mr. Farage could defeat the political status The crowd, massively receptive to Mr. Farage’s comments . Breitbart London understands that Breitbart London met Mr. Mr. Farage a fundraising dinner earlier in the evening , where they discussed Brexit and how Mr. Farage led Britain Mr. Farage met Mr. Trump at a fundraising dinner earlier in the evening, where they discussed Brexit and how Mr. Farage led Britain out of the European Union Mr. Farage European Union . And Mr. Farage mentioned " Project Fear Mr. Farage —    the tactic used by the establishment to threaten Britons with economic collapse , with depression , and even with war if Britain left the EU . Former Prime Minister David Cameron ’s Britain prompted the European Union the crowd in Jackson . Mr. Trump hailed Mr. Farage as the man behind the Brexit campaign , stating after his speech , " What a job he did   …      Mr. Trump all odds " . UPDATE   Mr. Trump    Editor ’s Note : Farage ’s speech has caught the attention of the Huffington Post , Mr. Farage its home page lead to a picture of him and Trump with the Farage’s speech " Bannon ’s Bigots "   Mr. Trump    a reference to Stephen K. Bannon , the temporarily departed Executive Chairman of Breitbart News who currently serves as CEO to the Trump campaign . The story linked to the headline does not mention Bannon Trump must really be in their heads over there ! 
 Bannon Bannon 