CHATEAURENARD , France ( Reuters )   —    Nicolas Sarkozy said on Thursday Nicolas Sarkozy would impose a nationwide ban on burkinis if elected back to the presidency in 2017 , positioning Nicolas Sarkozy as a strong defender of French values and tough on immigration . [ Hundreds of supporters waving French flags chanted " Nicolas ! Nicolas ! " and applauded as Sarkozy , a conservative president from 2007 to 2012 before losing an election to Socialist Francois Hollande , promised to protect the French people .   " I will be the president that    the authority of the state , " Sarkozy told a crowd of more than 2 , 000 packing a sports hall in Chateaurenard , a Provence town where his Les Republicains beat the    Front National ( FN ) in regional elections last year . " I want to be the president who guarantees the safety of France and of every French person , " the     said , sending a message that the     could tackle the Islamist violence that has killed 230 people in attacks since January 2015 . For months the     lagged in opinion polls behind Alain Juppe , a    more centrist former prime minister who is the     main rival for the November primaries that will choose a conservative candidate for the election . But the     popularity , which had already started improving with party sympathisers in June , rose after Islamist attacks on a Bastille Day crowd in Nice and on a priest in Normandy . Taking a hard line on a debate that has agitated France over the past weeks , Sarkozy told supporters in Chateaurenard , Sarkozy first rally for the 2017 election , that the    swimwear known as the burkini should be banned throughout the country . Several seaside towns have outlawed the   swimwear known as the burkini should be banned throughout the country , arguing that the   swimwear known as the burkini should be banned throughout the country breaks French laws on secularism , but there is no national ban . " I refuse to let the burkini impose itself the burkini French beaches and swimming pools    …      there must be a law to ban it the burkini the Republic ’s territory , " he said to wide applause . " Our identity is under threat when we accept an immigration policy that makes no sense , " he he . Sarkozy is seeking to win back votes from the    National Front whose rising popularity mirrors that of populist politicians in other countries that have appealed to voter worries over globalisation and immigration , such as U. S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the leaders of Britain ’s Brexit campaign . Responding to an accusation by Prime Minister Manuel Valls that his Prime Minister Manuel Valls were brutal , Sarkozy said : " The French people are not fascist because they The French people there are security problems    …      In my speech there is no fear , there is no hatred , there is just common sense . " While some in the hall said they some in the hall out of curiosity , staunch supporters said they staunch supporters voted twice for him   …      and would do so again in the late April and early May 2017 election . " We some in the hall here to support him   …      we some in the hall vote for him   …      he   …      dynamic and he   …      proven during the subprime crisis that he   …      serious and up to the job , " said     pensioner Georges Petit , who came to the rally with his   …      . 
 