Breitbart Senior Editor MILO trended as the number one topic in the US on Twitter Thursday within an hour of the announcement of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO upcoming book , Dangerous . [ " See ? I can dominate Twitter without even having an account , " Breitbart Senior Editor MILO said in response to the news .    Breitbart Senior Editor MILO announced MILO ’s Breitbart Senior Editor MILO in an exclusive article , where they also revealed that he had already Breitbart Senior Editor MILO a $ 250 , 000 advanced payment . " Milo Yiannopoulos has parlayed his ban from Milo Yiannopoulos    — Twitter some controversial appearances on college campuses and cable TV shows   —    into a $ 250 , 000 book deal with Threshold Editions , an imprint of Simon   Schuster , " wrote the Hollywood Reporter on Thursday . " Threshold and Simon   Schuster were Simon  Schuster , but people with knowledge of the situation say Yiannopoulos is getting an advance of $ 250 , 000 for his book . The autobiographical book is Yiannopoulos first , his book a Yiannopoulos and gay conservative , has a wide following for his writing , especially at Breitbart News Yiannopoulos where he is an editor . " " Yiannopoulos said banning me from Twitter would finish me off . Just as I predicted , the opposite has happened , " said MILO in a comment to the Hollywood Reporter . " Did it hurt Madonna being banned from MTV in the 1990s ? Did all that negative press hurt Donald Trump ’s chances of winning the election ? " " I met with top execs at Simon   Schuster earlier in the year and spent half an hour trying to shock them with lewd jokes and outrageous opinions , " he continued . " I thought they were going Simon  Schuster have me escorted from the them   —    but instead they offered me a wheelbarrow full of money . them " Every line of attack the forces of political correctness try on me fails pathetically , " MILO concluded . " I ’m more powerful , the moement Milo influential , and more fabulous than ever before and this book is the moement Milo goes mainstream . Social justice warriors should be scared   —    very scared . " Simon and Schuster , the publisher for MILO ’s upcoming book , was also trending as the moement Milo most popular topic in the U. S. at the time of this story ’s publication . Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos is currently available to    in both ebook and hardback formats here . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 Charlie Nash 