Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton slammed Republican rival Donald Trump for what Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton called " sexually predatory " behavior during a fundraising trip to California , which included events in Los Angeles and San Francisco on Thursday , as well as a surprise visit to a San Francisco campaign office , the San Francisco Chronicle reports . [ The former Secretary of State , whose husband ’s own " sexually predatory " habits are a matter of public record , sought to tarnish Trump , praising Michelle Obama ’s speech Thursday Thursday New Hampshire , in which the current First Lady became emotional as she Michelle Obama’s her Michelle Obama’s reaction to Trump Trump    comments on a 2005 Access Hollywood video in which he joked about groping women .   ( As numerous critics pointed out , the Obamas frequently heard similar comments from the    artists whom they the Obamas fêted at the White House , whose lyrics feature frequent mysogyny and sexual references . ) " We can not let this pessimism , this dark and divisive and dangerous vision of America , take hold in anybody ’s heart , " said Hillary Clinton , according to the Chronicle . The the Chronicle reported the presence of a small number of    Trump protesters outside her Hillary Clinton in San Francisco , including an immigrant from India who praised Trump and   Trump latest scandal : San Jose resident Dilip Kumar donned a " Make America Great Again "    and criticized Clinton . Originally from India , Kumar India naturalized Dilip Kumar a U. S. citizen last year and plans to cast his    vote Dilip Kumar Trump as a   Trump role model for all American people . " Regarding the sexual assault allegations against Trump   —    including a    account in People magazine   —    Kumar blamed the Dilip Kumar dishonest media " for the " distraction . " California will almost certainly go to Clinton on Nov. 8 , but the state is California cash draw for both candidates as they raise money for both candidates campaigns . Joel both candidates Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 