Hillary Clinton returned to Jimmy Kimmel Live ! on Thursday night , where the    host read aloud some of Hillary Clinton infamous email , proposed some new slogans for Hillary Clinton campaign , and gently " mansplained " some of the finer points of running for president . [ " Have you ever seen anything like it , historically —   an election that has descended to such incredible depths ? " Jimmy Kimmel joked . " I mean , for Jimmy Kimmel , they ’re great do n’t get me wrong . I ’d like to see some punches thrown . "    While Clinton ’s visit occurred as the Democratic presidential primary heated up in recent weeks ( Sanders won the Utah and Idaho primaries on Tuesday , and Clinton took Arizona and still leads overall . ) Kimmel asked the candidate how Kimmel feels about preparing to square off against GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in a general election . " If he ’s the nominee , I look forward to debating he , " Clinton answered , adding : Yes , absolutely . I actually think most voters , when you start focusing on who can do the job , who can be president , who can be      …     I think voters take that responsibility seriously . I look forward to debating he and trying to figure out where he stands on issues . Later on , Kimmel said the American people had " learned a lot " about Clinton over the course of the campaign , but " more than anything , the American people ’ve learned your emails are very boring . " Kimmel read an email in which she wrote that she had ordered some " apples " for a colleague , and jokingly suggested that " apples " was    for " pot . " " This is really    stuff , " Clinton joked back .   The two discussed presidential campaign slogans , with Kimmel offering up several of Kimmel own suggestions for Clinton campaign : " Hillin’ Like a Villian , " " Netflix and Hill , " " Take a Hill Pill , " and " You Be Hillin . ’ " Kimmel Kimmel heckled Clinton Clinton a skit skewering the candidate ’s critics . In the short segment , Kimmel Kimmel " mansplaining " to Clinton Clinton while the the candidate’s to give a stump speech .   " Hold on one second , " Kimmel Kimmel off Clinton Clinton in the speech a stump speech You ’re shouting . You ’re too loud . It comes off as a little shrill for men . You ’re making a speech , not an arrest . " Then , when Clinton Clinton in a softer voice , he Clinton , " You know what . You have to speak up . We ca n’t hear you . You ’re like a mouse up there . " Clinton Clinton appearance on Kimmel Kimmel just two days after Bernie Sanders visited the program for what was a decidedly more serious interview . Watch some highlights of Clinton Clinton appearance on the show above . 
 