Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told thrilled supporters gathered at a New Hampshire rally that the traveling press was late to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump rally and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump refused to hold off on speaking until they arrived . [ " I have really good news for you . I just heard the traveling press is stuck on their they . They they n’t get here , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said as the crowd erupted in cheers . " I love it . So they they trying to get here now . They they going to be about 30 minutes late . They they us and said could you wait ? I said absolutely not . Let ’s us going , New Hampshire . "   WATCH :   After taping an interview on " The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon " Thursday afternoon , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump flew out of New York , while pool reporters were left behind in Manhattan traffic , leaving on their press plane from New Jersey . Upset , some of the traveling press tried to " boycott " the rally by refusing to cover it , but network management told them some of the traveling press was n’t an option . Some took to Twitter to rail against the GOP nominee for leaving them Some . Traveling press corps just landed in New Hampshire for Trump ’s event because we left from a different airport .     —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) September 16 , 2016 ,   And now apparently he ’s on stage mocking the fact that he he without the press arriving .    https :   .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) September 16 , 2016 ,   He he it " really good news " https :   .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) September 16 , 2016 ,   To sum it up : Trump started rally without reporters who follow him Trump the country . Then mocked us all . https :   .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Trump Trump the stage , while travelling press is still en route , says he Trump asked to wait for press arrival . " I said absolutely not . "   —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) September 16 , 2016 ,   To be clear : Traveling press is arranged and organized by the Trump Trump . https :   .    —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) September 16 , 2016 ,   The Traveling press 3 minutes and 28 seconds of his rally in Laconia .   —    Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc ) September 16 , 2016 ,   This week , Conway said Clinton treats the press like second Traveling press . Please note that Trump is speaking right now and we are on a bus ,   —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Ironically , access to Trump    is at times Trump it was on the blacklist . Trump —    Eli Stokols ( @EliStokols ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Last night , a new low in the tortured relations between Trump and the reporters who follow Trump around . My story : Trump :   .    —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Reporter aboard the press plane says this is " yet another example of Trump ’s total mistreatment of the Trump " https :   .    —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Members of the leftist press also vented their the press , complaining about their Members of the leftist press awful " demonization at the hands Members of the leftist press Trump and voters : " This Trump completely ridiculous and unacceptable . This has gone on for way to [ This ] long and it ’s time we take a stand , This said one member of the traveling press . " The press corps is at a boiling point here and was more frustrated tonight than ever , " said another . " There ’s the want to do something among traveling press of course   —    being constantly mocked and demonized is awful   —    but there ’s the competing feeling that news organizations have almost let too much slide to have any bargaining power at this point , " said a third member of Trump ’s traveling press corps . Media organizations " pay extra to travel on the    press planes and buses , with the distinct purpose of making sure they arrive on time and with the candidate Media organizations events , " Politico notes . Needling the press is a crowd favorite at Trump rallies . The establishment press have endlessly Trump Trump and the press racist , sexist Trump Islamaphobic Trump a demagogue , Hitler , subconsciously Hitler , not Hitler but Mussolini , with    conservative sites helpfully adding his working class white supporters " deserve to Trump , "   and " deserve to be beaten . " They celebrate the countless death threats made at Trump , his working class white supporters generous airtime to those who make attempts on his life , calling one    murder in Trump instance " a good guy with a gun . " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton piled on , calling one half of Trump supporters " racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic Trump Islamaphobic , you name it , " who belong in what she calls " the basket of deplorables . " Such Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton are " irredeemable " and " not America , " she added . The press immediately doubled down on Clinton Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton smear . Many Americans’ trust in the media Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton an    low . Gallup reports trust levels have hit their lowest since the polling company began tracking Americans’ attitudes towards trust levels press since 1997 , with only 32 percent saying they The press " great deal " or " fair " amount trust levels trust in the media . 
 