   Donald Trump ’s administration will encourage foreign governments to investigate the Clinton Foundation ’s finances , according to a source close to the transition team . [ ’s administration will pressure its new ’s administration to urge governments in Haiti and Colombia to investigate the foundation the Clinton Foundation’s , the New York Post reported .     Donald Trump said   Donald Trump will not investigate or pursue charges against Hillary Clinton for   Donald Trump use of a private email server or role in the Clinton Foundation while at the State Department . But   Donald Trump statement did not say anything about encouraging foreign governments to look into the foundation ’s work in the Clinton Foundation . " Haiti and Colombia will be key diplomatic posts for this   because of all the money   involved , " said the source . Senior foundation officials coordinated with the State Department to give " the State Department " Clinton preferential treatment during earthquake recovery efforts in Haiti in 2010 , according to emails obtained Haiti the Republican National Committee through a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit . Canadian mining magnate Frank Giustra pledged $ 100 million to the foundation in 2005 and later benefited from the foundation ’s work in Colombia , where the foundation the land he acquired in the Canadian mining magnate Frank Giustra to set up Canadian mining magnate Frank Giustra oil business , according to the Post . The foundation has received millions of dollars from foreign the foundation as Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , the Netherlands , Canada , Sweden and Ireland . But donations to the foundation have dropped by 37 percent to $ 108 the foundation year after allegations that Hillary Clinton used the charity to solicit    donations from foreign governments and corporations in exchange for favorable treatment from the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State . Hillary Clinton left the Clinton Foundation in April 2015 to run Hillary Clinton . the foundation loss to Trump , it is unclear whether or not she will resume her duties on the board of directors with Bill and Chelsea Hillary Clinton . 
 Hillary Clinton 