MANHATTAN , New York City   —    Pro Donald Trump counter protesters took to the streets to assert that    activists congregating in Columbus Circle in New York City today were " Soros funded " with one man , a black local with his children Soros insisting that the Republican front runner had his backing Soros raising the issue of Mexicans taking employment away from black locals . [ The man , who stood across from hundreds of    demonstrators outside the Trump Tower on 5th Avenue this afternoon , told Breitbart News that " Come to Harlem . There ’s so much building going on right now in Harlem . Harlem are going up right now while we ’re talking . And I ’ve got it documented , on every construction site in Harlem , Harlem do n’t see [ any ] blacks working " .   This man refused to be spoken for by Al Sharpton at the # CrushTrump rally in NYC pic . twitter .    —    Raheem Kassam ( @RaheemKassam ) March 19 , 2016 ,   He , with his two He daughters , suffered a spate of verbal abuse from    " Black Lives Matter " affiliated , and " " protesters . They accused him of He paid by Donald Trump , but in the face of aggression , he wished He well with their day people " I ’m in the reality business , " he said He adding : " It ai n’t that we do n’t wanna work , it ’s It we ca we work because the Mexicans have taken all the jobs " . His comments He while rough around the edges , are in fact backed by recent evidence cited by the Bank of England , which not only revealed that open border migration does indeed lead to jobs going to workers who undercut wages , but also that the policy leads to wage suppression in general . " I think it ’s stupid , " he said He today ’s protest , which attracted around 500 people to Manhattan for the " Crush Trump " rally . " You just march down here to Trump Tower ? You just came from another Trump establishment . He could He up there right now , looking up there , laughing . At the end of the day , you do n’t know him . He do He know you . " [ People ] roll up in rage by watching the news saying that he said this , and he said he . But you never heard him say he . this heard soundbytes , but you do n’t know what came    the soundbytes soundbytes that ’s how media works , and how America works " . And then he turned he guns he the    representatives of black Americans . " If Al Sharpton opens his mouth black Al Sharpton do n’t do [ anything ] . He claimed that Al Sharpton like Jesse Jackson could not speak anymore because of a baby of his being born Jesse Jackson of wedlock   —    calling into question his ability to Al Sharpton with moral purpose . " Al Sharpton   …      everybody runs to him like he      for      America   —    no he do n’t      He endorsed ,      or Hillary ? He brought them      to Bernie or Hillary I was confused   …      One thing I know for sure   …      Trump for President . Trump ’s approach to Mr. Trump differed drastically from another Trump Breitbart News saw at the march , who was telling his frightened children that they were " Trump to fight " his frightened children with " Veterans for Trump " signs , calling the    activists , " KKK " : Dad tells kids : " look at [ Veterans for Trump ] in the eye   … Trump we ’re gon na be fighting against them   …      KKK " # CrushTrump pic . twitter .    —    Raheem Kassam Twitter March 19 , 2016 ,   The video above , posted to Twitter , has caused outrage from Trump supporters and ordinary Americans , some Trump whom have pointed out that the father is " inciting fear in his own kid[s ] " . 
 the father 