Donald Trump attacked Hillary Clinton ’s credentials in leading the gay community after Donald Trump refused to condemn radical Islamic terrorism in the aftermath of the Orlando gay nightclub shooting . [ " Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues Hillary Clinton support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists to our country who suppress women , gays and anyone who does n’t share their views , " Trump said in his speech Trump in Manchester , New Hampshire .   " She ca Hillary Clinton have it both ways . She ca Hillary Clinton claim to be supportive of these communities while trying to increase the number of people coming in who want to oppress them . these communities " How does this kind of immigration make our life better ? How does this kind this kind of immigration country better ? , " Trump said . " Why does Hillary Clinton want to bring people here —   in vast numbers —   who reject our values ? " " Ask yourself , who is really the friend of women and the LGBT community , Donald Trump with his actions Trump Hillary Clinton Trump her words ? Hillary Clinton to allow Hillary Clinton Islamic terrorists Hillary Clinton pour into our country —   they enslave women , and murder gays Radical Islamic terrorists " Trump added . Trump supporter Newt Trump also appealed to the gay and lesbian community in his interview on Breitbart News Sunday on Trump supporter Newt Gingrich Channel 125 . " It ’s totally utterly dishonest and misleading , " Gingrich said of President Obama ’s press Trump supporter Newt Gingrich Sunday , noting that Obama —    Sunday Clinton —   refused to condemn " radical Islamic terrorism " by name . " This is an act of war . This is an act committed by a This Islamic supremacist . In the world of an Islamic supremacist , killing gays is totally legitimate . And this is part of what the gay community has to come to grips with . These people are their mortal enemies . Literally mortal . These people kill them . " 
 These people 