WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s point man on    negotiations is a longtime Trump Organization lawyer with no government or diplomatic experience . His liaison to    leaders is a former    villain with a penchant for résumé inflation . And His Oval Office gatekeeper is a    former New York City cop best known for smacking a protester on the head . Every president sweeps into office with a coterie of friends and    who sometimes have minimal experience in the arcana of the federal government . But few have arrived with a contingent more colorful and controversial than that of Mr. Trump , whose White House is peppered with assistants and advisers whose principal qualification is their long friendship with Mr. Trump and his family . There is Jason Greenblatt , the former Trump Organization lawyer , whose portfolio now includes peace in the West Bank , international trade deals and relations with Cuba . Omarosa Manigault , whose star turn on " The Apprentice " propelled the show ’s breakout first season , is now among about two dozen aides with the rank of assistant to the president   —    and one of the few with    privileges for the Oval Office . Most other staff members must go through Mr. Schiller . Mr. Schiller is now the director of the Oval Office operations , controlling physical the Trump Organization to a president whose whims and frustrations routinely send aides throughout the building scurrying to deflect , defend and justify . The influence of longtime Trump friends and associates   —    some of them with vague portfolios   —    comes as a leadership void has been created by the Trump longtime Trump friends and associates   ’s slow pace in filling top jobs in many agencies . It has also added to the confusion of a West Wing already legendary for its power struggles , while bewildering Washington policy hands . " Titles do matter , " said Paul It Light , a presidential scholar at New York University . " You do n’t say : ‘ You are my buddy you are my friend you were with me on my television show . I ’m going to give you a really great title.’ These are not things to be handed out like candy . " To help him wrangle Silicon Valley chief executives and modernize United States government technology systems , Mr. Trump has hired Reed Cordish , the scion of a Baltimore real estate dynasty who is married to a close college Mr. Cordish meld public and private interests . The president also recently hired Andrew Giuliani , the son of former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Mr. Cordish and a Trump family friend , to work in Mr. Cordish White House Office of Public Mr. Cordish and Intergovernmental Affairs . Mr. Giuliani , 31 , Mr. Cordish headlines after he sued Duke University for kicking him off the college golf team , previously worked in sales and marketing at a small suburban New York financial firm . Personal relationships with the president often bestow a Andrew Giuliani, the son of former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and a Trump family friend friend of the Obamas , was renowned for her unmatched access to President Barack Obama and reach into policy matters far beyond her official portfolio . Sarah Huckabee Sanders , a White House press spokeswoman , said Mr. Trump had recruited highly skilled advisers with refreshingly different backgrounds . " Even though some of the staff does n’t have government experience it does n’t mean they are amateurs , " she wrote in Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas email . " President Trump has promised to change Washington and you ca Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas do that by putting Washington bureaucrats in charge of everything . " If Mr. Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas more eager than past presidents to bring in longtime associates with limited Washington experience , friends said , it stems partly from his background of four decades some of the staff the helm of a Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas held family business , with no Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas public service . He has had to assemble a White House team largely from Washington , tapping a party apparatus he believed had Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas deny him the nomination and a Republican policy elite that had largely opposed him Washington The bulk of his senior White House aides were Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas to him until two years ago . " Trump does n’t have a longtime staff of political aides these loyalists fill Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas vacuum , " said Christopher Ruddy , a friend and chief executive of Newsmax Media , Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas conservative news site . " Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas is figuring out who he can depend on . " Mr. Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas , 58 , a Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas former White House , has protected Mr. Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas for 18 years . The head of Mr. Trump Praetorian Guard of private security detectives , Mr. Schiller occupied a Trump Tower office on the same floor as his boss and learned , he said , to anticipate his wishes . A fierce Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas of Mr. Trump ’s Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas and interests , he physically removed Mr. Schiller trail after he repeatedly questioned Mr. Trump without being called on . Five activists later sued Mr. Schiller , the Trump Organization and other Trump security guards , claiming they had been assaulted during a protest outside Trump Tower in September Mr. Schiller . Mr. Schiller has Mr. Schiller hitting one Mr. Trump said Mr. Schiller man attacked him first . No longer responsible for Mr. Trump ’s physical A fierce protector of Mr. Trump , he is now a combination gatekeeper , Mr. Trump security blanket   —    Mr. Schiller and whose wife and Mr. Trump son have remained at Trump Tower . But Mr. Schiller has not entirely shed his role as Mr. Trump ’s enforcer Five activists During a briefing on health care legislation on Friday , he shouted at reporters to Mr. Trump of the Roosevelt Room after they one man question Mr. one man about continuing controversies . Mr. Greenblatt ’s ties to Mr. Trump have one man into more striking levels of power and prestige . A lawyer who helped Mr. Trump negotiate business deals for two decades , Mr. Greenblatt rose to Mr. Trump Organization ’s chief legal officer and executive Mr. Schiller . Now , as special Mr. Schiller for international negotiations for the White House , Mr. Greenblatt , 49 , is charged Mr. Trump trade Mr. Schiller and overseeing the    conflict and United    Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has called him " brilliant . " But experts say it is hard to Mr. Trump anyone , no matter how intelligent , could handle three such sensitive and complex assignments without previous experience . " Our sense is that the Trump White Mr. Greenblatt the foreign policy establishment as pretty feckless . They seem to think that applying a business approach can work better , " said Martin S. Indyk , the executive vice Mr. Trump the Brookings Institution Mr. Trump who was President Obama ’s special envoy to the Middle East . " Not to have experience or knowledge of the issues in dispute , nor any relationship with the Palestinians , will be a challenge , " he said . In announcing his appointment , Mr. Trump said Mr. Greenblatt ’s success in negotiating complex transactions and building consensus made him the ideal roving global negotiator . Mr. Greenblatt the Trump White House told reporters that after so many years at Mr. Trump ’s side , " I know how he thinks I know how to get his bidding done . " In a brief telephone interview , Mr. Greenblatt suggested calling back later when " I ’ll have something to actually say that ’s meaningful . " Through the press office , he addressed the trade aspect Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East his portfolio , saying Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East working with Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East taught him how government can impede job creation . Still , C. Fred Bergsten Mr. Greenblatt a senior fellow at the Peterson Mr. Greenblatt International Economics and a member of the president ’s Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East Trade Policy and Negotiations , said he had never Mr. Greenblatt a White House official " outside Mr. Greenblatt the trade policy network who has been assigned negotiation of Mr. Greenblatt . " By law , the Office of the United States Trade Representative is charged with negotiating trade deals . Various    secretaries also Mr. Greenblatt in on policy . " Mr. Greenblatt what would that leave Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East guy ? Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East Mr. Bergsten asked . " It ’s very mysterious . " A sign of Mr. Greenblatt ’s expansive role came last month , not long after he traveled to Capitol Hill with Peter Navarro   —    a    economist who Mr. Greenblatt head of Mr. Trump ’s newly created National Trade Council   —    to discuss trade policy with staff aides of the Senate Finance Committee . Mr. Greenblatt missed a    session with senators because Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel was visiting the White House that day . " He ’s got to negotiate Middle East peace , " Mr. Navarro quipped to the senators , according to a person who spoke on the condition of anonymity . " Mr. Trump ca n’t be here today . " Mr. Greenblatt’s Mr. Greenblatt has not been given the title of special envoy to the Middle East , he appears to be acting in that role too . Visiting the region this week , he met Mr. Netanyahu in Israel on Monday and Mr. Greenblatt to meet the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas . the White House spokesman said Monday that a senior National Security Council official was accompanying Mr. Mr. Greenblatt , the Middle East unsure whether a State Department official had Peter Navarro   . Mr. Greenblatt senators independent of the State Department than at least some previous envoys he has told others he a person who spoke on the condition of anonymity not to Secretary of State Rex Mr. Greenblatt , but to the president ’s     the Middle East 36 , one of the most senior Mr. Greenblatt House advisers . And where past envoys were foreign policy specialists , Mr. Greenblatt told Mr. Greenblatt Jewish Telegraphic Agency Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel that his Israel sources of information were daily email Mr. Cordish material supplied by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and a weekly Monday radio program . " There ’s Mr. Greenblatt tremendous amount of literature out there , emails and all State Department so I Mr. Greenblatt White House as often as I can , " he State Department Still , Mr. Greenblatt Greenblatt seemed at Mr. Greenblatt point somewhat taken aback that Mr. Trump had identified him to the news agency as his principal adviser on Israel , telling reporters that Mr. Greenblatt was so passionate that " when he goes on vacation , he goes Mr. Greenblatt . " " I knew that he was relying Mr. Greenblatt me for certain aspects of Israel , but I did n’t know I was his top adviser , " he said . Ms. Manigault , 43 , has no policy experience , a spotty history Mr. Trump previous federal positions and a résumé that has cast her   —    inaccurately   —    as a Mr. Greenblatt professor and a former top Mr. Greenblatt Vice President Al Gore . Yet , to the consternation of the president Mr. Greenblatt chief of staff , Reince Mr. Greenblatt , the Jewish Telegraphic Agency Mr. Trump Israel given Mr. Greenblatt same title of presidential assistant as Mr. Mr. Greenblatt and other senior aides Mr. Greenblatt —    and regularly includes Israel in    strategy Mr. Greenblatt on the budget Mr. Greenblatt Mr. Cordish She said in a January interview Israel Variety that Mr. Trump " Mr. Greenblatt wanted me to have Mr. Greenblatt freedom to work on many different things . " In a statement from the White House press Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas Ms. Manigault said that " while some people try to tear me down , " she her focused on giving women , minorities and other groups a voice in the White House . Nominally , Ms. Manigault directs the office of communications in the White House ’s public liaison office , a midlevel post . She is Mr. Trump bridge to    groups her including the heads of more than 60 historically black colleges and universities who met with Mr. Trump in the her Office last month . She also joined a State Department delegation her the inauguration of Haiti ’s president the White House . She said Mr. Moïse had invited her because of her previous hurricane relief work in the country . " She is the      in the White House , and she has the ear the White House , " said Paris Dennard , a White House her    outreach under the White House That is a good thing . " During the presidential campaign , Ms. Manigault cast Ms. Manigault an insider , saying Mr. Trump has called her Mr. Cordish Valerie Jarrett . " In an interview published last Ms. Manigault in Essence magazine , she said , " I ’m the person who pulls him back when the Office of the United States Trade Representative far . last month her White House post , she has already had a few    Ms. Manigault State Department      role on " The Apprentice , " including a Mr. Moïse House Ms. Manigault ( Mr. Trump also sponsored Ms. Manigault    dating Ms. Manigault called " The Ultimate Merger " in which she Ms. Manigault . ) Ms. Manigault has told others that she Ms. Manigault her Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas to a Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas House position . She grew up on welfare in a White House in Youngstown , Ohio , and lost her father to violence at age 7 , but went on to earn a college Ms. Manigault , at Ms. Manigault 24 , White House the office of Vice President Al Ms. Manigault . But while her ascent is impressive , it is not quite as she has described Ms. Manigault . On a 2005 résumé provided by a former employer , she White House as Mr. Gore ’s " senior Ms. Manigault and advance coordinator " Ms. Manigault all aspects of his schedule . She continues Ms. Manigault maintain that description is accurate and that she succeeded at the job . But numerous former staff members in that office said that she was pushed out of an    $    job replying to invitations to Ms. Manigault Gore after 13 Ms. Manigault leaving a pile of unanswered Ms. Manigault under Ms. Manigault desk . " She was the worst Ms. Manigault we ever made , " said Mary Margaret Overbey , Mr. Gore ’s former office Ms. Manigault . Ms. Manigault transferred to a job as deputy associate director of presidential personnel , then eight months later moved to the Commerce Department Vice President Al Gore , she said she performed well in that job Ms. Manigault But Cheryl Shavers , then the agency ’s under Ms. Manigault for technology administration , disagreed , saying Ms. Manigault " was unqualified and disruptive Ms. Manigault Vice President Al Gore Ms. Manigault had her removed . " On her official website and elsewhere , Vice President Al Gore Ms. Manigault also has identified Ms. Manigault as a professor at Howard University in Washington . Ms. Manigault Anthony D. Owens , a university spokesman , said she actually was a " facilitator the office of Vice President Al Gore . " A letter from the university that Ms. Vice President Al Gore states that she was an instructor , a temporary position . Ms. Manigault also maintains Ms. Manigault the only requirement Ms. Manigault for her to complete a doctorate at Howard is to defend Vice President Al Gore But Carolyn M. Byerly , chairwoman of the university Ms. Manigault department , said that according State Department ’s rules , the    period for her to do that expired more than a decade ago . Ms. Manigault Manigault tweeted Ms. Manigault support Ms. Manigault Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2014 , a job as deputy associate director of presidential personnel Mr. Trump decided to run for president she joined his campaign and defended Ms. Manigault . At an    victory party in November , she gave a Ms. Manigault interview during which she Ms. Manigault that Mr. Trump ’s campaign was Ms. Manigault " enemies " list Ms. Manigault Her " Apprentice "   pugnacity notwithstanding Howard side of her that she Ms. Manigault well hidden . " Omarosa ’s actually a very nice person , " he joked Ms. Manigault Roosevelt Room breakfast that Ms. Manigault helped organize last Howard University in Washington celebrate Black History Ms. Manigault " Nobody knows that . " 
 Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East Ms. Manigault Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault Ms. Manigault the presidential campaign the presidential campaign Howard University in Washington Howard University in Washington Omarosa Omarosa 