Stephen Hayes , Kimberly Guilfoyle , and Jeanine Pirro debated National Review ’s article series about Donald Trump on Friday ’s edition of the Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity . "   Jeanine Pirro said , " This hit by the National Review is something that is totally inconsistent with what the people want . " Jeanine Pirro also asked , " Did the people do it to Mitt Romney , the guy who chartered ObamaCare ? Hannity answered , " the people did it to Newt Gingrich , the solid conservative that brought Republicans into power for the first time in 40 years . " Guilfoyle added , " I was a little disappointed and surprised . I want to see a Republican in the White House , and I want someone who ’s going to win . And I do n’t think it ’s right , at this point , to be cannibalizing one another . " Hannity asked Hayes , " Where was National Review when in fact the Republicans were going back on the Republicans promise against repealing and replacing ObamaCare and using the power of the purse , or holding up the mantle of challenging a sitting president and stopping executive amnesty , which was the Republican promise in 2014 ? " Hayes answered , " National Review has been leading the fight in many ways , with the Weekly Standard and others , challenging the Washington establishment and the crony capitalists here in Washington Washington    …      It ’s interesting for me to see people cast National National Review these contributors as part of the Washington conservative establishment . It ’s preposterous . I mean , it includes It like Erick Erickson , like Brent Bozell . I mean , nobody ’s calling these people the Washington conservative establishment Midway through , Hannity said that National Review National Review do a special edition for any of the things he ’d mentioned , to which Hayes countered that they thought Trump ’s ascendancy Pirro [ T]his smacks of the establishment pushing back on the Republican Party , Donald Trump is the favorite of Republicans , and for them to come out Trump’s if he gets elected , he ’s going to Republicans conservative ideals on behalf of populism Trump’s as needless and Trump’s as Donald . Are they saying that we ’re crude , that we do n’t know what we need ? It ’s almost like Obama saying , we know what ’s good we you . Do n’t tell us what ’s good for us . We know what ’s good for us . we Hayes responded , " we ’s we opinion magazine . they have we . they back them up . i think they argued quite persuasively that Donald Trump is they a they , has n’t been they conservative , and would do damage to the conservative movement . people are perfectly free to disagree with them and make arguments , but the implication that it is somehow improper for a people of opinion to make these arguments is preposterous . " Hannity also said that some of William F. Buckley Jr. ’s statements " were not exactly peace loving moments of civility . Hayes said , " Politics can be a very tough sport , and people who enter this business , either as a candidate or on the opinion side should be well equipped to take arrows and slings and everything else . Having said that , I do think that Donald Trump is a little different . I do think that , if you look at the kinds of arguments he ’s made , whether mocking Carly Fiorina ’s face or denigrating John McCain for Donald Trump war heroism , making fun of a disabled reporter , all of those   John McCain   . " Hannity then stated , " Ted Cruz has n’t done that , and the same people you mentioned , a lot of which hate Ted Cruz . " Hayes responded , " if people have questions or concerns about Ted Cruz or temperament , whatever word you want to use , I think it ’s Ted Cruz for people to have those , and to express those . I ’m a little surprised that more conservatives who support Trump do n’t share those concerns , honestly . Pirro then said , " The establishment is scared . Donald Trump is beholden to no one . The American electorate knows it , the Republicans Trump . and the fact that there are n’t these attacks against Ted Cruz ,    now it ’s against it . " Guilfoyle then argued , " I just feel like the party    come together at a certain point . If they ’re going to do this , maybe do it some time early . This seems to the party to be a little bit    in terms this doing this to maybe shave points off of Donald Trump going into Iowa with an opinion magazine . " Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 