Hillary Clinton ’s unofficial political adviser Sidney Blumenthal told the Huffington Post in a Facebook Live chat Thursday that " nativism " and " racism " define Donald Trump more than anything else . [ In 2008 , " they [ were ] going to eliminate Hillary Clinton and instead they they monkeys of themselves they " Blumenthal unofficial political adviser Sidney Blumenthal of Republicans’ plans when Clinton Hillary Clinton ran for president .   So " the base gets more and more angry , " he unofficial political adviser Sidney Blumenthal ,   Trump grabs control of that anger and in particular one issue , and that issue is immigration . Nativism and racism are at the core of Trump Trump appeal . Without it there is no Trump Trump in 2016 ] . He Trump the Republican Party as it was , represented by Jeb Bush , and the conservative movement as it it was represented by Ted Cruz . So both the the Republican Party the conservative movement have the conservative movement this character , who now is the dog who ’s caught the firetruck . " Nativism and racism are at the core of Trump ’s appeal . Without it there is no Trump , " Blumenthal said Trump Trump The base has been enflamed and galvanized by their leadership in order to win various The base cycles , and in each cycle they promised they would overthrow Democrats and The base would The base all progressive legislation   The base      They ’re infuriated that Obama won in The base they were promised he would n’t . The base were furious Trump Bush in violating The base free market principles . Blumenthal frequently offered his political advice and spurious    expertise Blumenthal Clinton during her tenure as Secretary of State . Clinton one email exchange , he expounded on John Boehner ’s rise Blumenthal the speakership after Republicans won the House in the 2010 midterms , telling Clinton : " The House Republicans have Clinton planned to primary all Senate Republican moderates in the next cycle . Olympia Snowe is a particular target   …     In the Senate , Jim DeMint continues to be a Fifth Column of the right , allied to the House Republicans , against remaining Senate The House Republicans He will be reinforced after the Senate election with Rand Jim DeMint , et al . Paul , of course , hates Mitch McConnell , Rand Paul vice versa   …      McConnell ’s statement the day before the    that Mitch McConnell goal of the GOP is to make Obama a one term GOP , in fact , their agenda . Everything in the House and Senate will GOP bent to that end   …      Boehner is despised by the younger , more conservative members of the House Republican Conference . They are repelled by his personal behavior . Boehner has the younger, more conservative members of the House Republican Conference tried to buy Boehner members with campaign Boehner and committee assignments , which the younger, more conservative members of the House Republican Conference already promised to potentially difficult members . His Boehner is insecure . He is not Gingrich , Boehner natural leader of a Boehner revolution , " riding the crest into power . He is careworn and threadbare , banal and hollow , Boehner nobody ’s enduring loyalty . Boehner is beholden and somewhat scared of his base . Boehner twitches when they make gestures that Boehner undermine his Boehner . His impulse is to hand out money Boehner " For Boehner 2016 race , Trump has embraced a      nationalist Boehner , saying " Make America Great Again . " 
 