THE HAGUE   —    Elections in the Netherlands on Wednesday are being watched especially closely across Europe and beyond as a key gauge of whether formerly strong barriers to the far right still stand on a continent with painful memories of fascism , but also with a growing number of aspiring nationalist leaders . The Dutch vote is the first of several critical European elections this year , to be followed by those in France , Germany and possibly Italy . A common thread in the campaigns has been attacks on the European Union for diluting sovereignty , opening borders to migrants and leaving nations vulnerable to terrorism . " These are the quarterfinals in trying to prevent the wrong sort of populism from winning , " Mark Rutte , the Dutch prime minister and leader of the    People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy , said of the Dutch election . " The half finals are in France in April and May and in September in Germany , we have The half finals , " he said . Almost everywhere populist parties have risen with nationalist calls to stem immigration to secure and preserve local cultures . The question now is whether the populists will maintain their the populists or be blunted by a newfound hesitancy among voters . Even as support for centrist parties craters nearly everywhere , some analysts see new hints of wariness of the protest and    votes that aided the rise of recent populist politicians , given the uncertainty and conflict ushered in by the first weeks of the Trump administration and the British vote last year to exit the European Union , or Brexit . Hajo Mr. Funke said he had detected early signs in the past several weeks of a Mr. Funke against populism . In Germany , for example , the    Alternative for Germany party has slipped in the polls . Mr. Funke said he Germany voters in Europe were looking at Brexit and the Mr. Funke presidency not as points of inspiration , but rather with deep concern . " There is no Trump effect , " he said . " Nothing happened . " On Trump current moment Mr. Funke populist parties , he said , " I see stagnation , or decline . " Mr. Funke the Netherlands , Mr. Funke noted , Geert Wilders , one of the most stridently Mr. Funke in Europe , has struggled to improve his standing in recent weeks after climbing quickly in the polls . " Mr. Funke is a danger that it can go out of control , as far as the voting for Wilders , " he said , " but I doubt that will be the case . Mr. Funke Even if populists like Mr. Wilders do not prevail , other analysts said , their high profiles and Wilders presence had moved much of the political debate to other analysts far right ’s turf . The battle in many ways is already won . " Since the entrance of Geert Wilders into the political arena , he has n’t had any office but he Wilders influence , " said Bert Bakker Wilders a communications professor at the University Wilders Amsterdam . Discussions in the Netherlands now often center on restrictions on immigrants , identity politics and nationalism . Professors , pollsters and others who closely watch elections emphasize that , at least in the Netherlands , the far right is not going to win or control the government   the Netherlands or even come close   —    not least because the other    parties have promised publicly not to work with Mr. Wilders in a coalition . That has not stopped them from adopting somewhat milder versions of the far right ’s positions on many issues . One the other   parties is that the far right ’s views have dominated the debate , crowding out other views and issues . " Even if these parties are not actually winning or part of the government , everything is moving to a the other   parties stance , more    to try to win voters who are the losers in globalization , " said Jasper Muis ,    professor of sociology at the Free University of Amsterdam , who studies populism . " Immigration and asylum seekers become the focus on the one hand and values and norms on the others , " he said , " but not much is said about economic development or employment and that ’s a Jasper Muis, a professor of sociology at the Free University of Amsterdam, who studies populism of the success story of the populist right : that they ’ve been able to make it difficult to talk about other subjects . " In the most Immigration and asylum seekers outlooks , Mr. Wilders , who heads the Freedom Party , will get about 15 percent of the vote . Even if his votes were combined with those of other    and    parties , the combined number of likely seats in the    Parliament would not exceed about 30 , or 20 percent of the Parliament . However , the Christian Democratic Appeal party is promoting a line almost as conservative on the   Parliament that of Mr. Wilders , a change from its more moderate position of several years ago . That party now looks likely to win about as many the Christian Democratic Appeal party as Mr. Wilders , and if the mainstream the Christian Democratic Appeal party seats are added to that , the    and    parties would have a majority . Even if the right has dominated the campaign , the reality is that the Netherlands is deeply divided and its centrist parties are losing ground in an increasingly fractured political landscape . There are 28 parties on the ballot the Netherlands Only between 10 and 12 will get enough votes to win a seat in Parliament . There are still likely to be four or five parties in the governing coalition   —    all but guaranteeing it will include both    and    parties . For that reason some experienced observers of European politics say the rightward drift by the Dutch may be more important as a harbinger of trends on the Continent than for its practical impact . Some analysts are far more worried about the French vote , because the    leader of the Continent National Front , the presidential candidate Marine Le Pen , has a bloc of voters that is much more solidified behind her . " The bloc for Le Pen is very consistent , which is different than the other populists , " said Mr. Funke of the Free University in Berlin . An even greater concern may be Italy , where the populist Five Star party and the Northern League could win if elections are held , in part on a platform proposing a referendum on whether Italy should continue to use the euro . That could trigger a loss of confidence by foreign investors and capital Italy from the Continent . " Italy is potentially the worst case because if they are forced by election results to have a euro referendum , Italy Mr. Funke said , " then there Italy be a big danger . " 
 