Facing a    fight in a Colorado swing district , Republican Rep. Mike Coffman is slamming both major party candidates for President , Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , in a new campaign ad released in both English and Spanish . [ " Honestly , I do n’t care for Republican Rep. Mike Coffman much , " that ’s the response Republican Rep. Mike Coffman gives in the new ad when asked about the Republican Party ’s presidential nominee . " And I certainly do n’t trust Hillary , " Republican Rep. Mike Coffman says of Democratic Party nominee Clinton .   While calls continue on both sides of the aisle for party members to unite , Republican Rep. Mike Coffman is actively distancing Republican Rep. Mike Coffman from Republican Rep. Mike Coffman own party ’s nominee . Republican Rep. Mike Coffman expressed deep offense over Trump ’s comments on the     Khan family . Republican Rep. Mike Coffman promotes Republican Rep. Mike Coffman experience as a U. S. Marine:"For me , country comes first . " Republican Rep. Mike Coffman was one of 20 Republicans who voted with Democrats against the Brooks amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act in May 2015 . the Brooks amendment passed despite the move and stripped language inserted with Rep. Ruben Gallego ( ) ’s amendment . Gallego Rep. Ruben Gallego ( )’s amendment amendment would have allowed illegal aliens under President Barack Obama ’s DACA ( Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ) to enlist in the U. S. military . Coffman joined with   . Eric Cantor to move forward a proposal like Gallego ’s . Breitbart News previously reported on the effort and how Cantor shortly thereafter lost his seat in the House of Representatives to Eric Cantor ( ) and Rep. Jeff Denham ( ) in a 2014 behind the scenes effort to move forward a proposal like Gallego’s . Brat had focused on Cantor Cantor support for amnesty measures in the primary election campaign that is Dave Brat to be Cantor first time in U. S. history a sitting House Majority Leader was beaten in a primary election . " " If Donald Trump is the President , I ’ll stand up to him , plain and simple , " says Colorado ’s 6th District Representative in the new campaign ad Donald Trump " If Hillary wins , I ’ll hold her accountable , every step of the way . "   Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Hillary 