Pop diva Miley Cyrus accused GOP frontrunner Donald Trump of being " sexist " in Donald Trump defense of Donald Trump wife Melania on Instagram Friday .   After an    super PAC created an online attack ad that shamed the former fashion model for posing nude in GQ in 2000 , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump fought back by warning that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump would " spill the beans " on Sen. Ted Cruz ’s wife Heidi . Lyin’ Sen. Ted Cruz’s just used a picture of Melania from a G. Q. shoot in his Sen. Ted Cruz’s . Be careful , Lyin’ Ted , or I will spill the beans on your wife !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   During an escalating war of words between the two candidates , Trump Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) an image of Heidi Cruz and Melania Trump     that was captioned , " No need to ‘ spill the beans’    …      the images are worth a thousand words . " Cyrus , who often appears nude during shows and online , posted the retweeted image , and wrote : " Trump Trump n’t stop wo n’t stop saying stupid ass sexist s —   t ! ! ! ! "   Trump ca n’t stop wo n’t stop saying stupid ass sexist shit ! ! ! ! Comparing two women ! Are you fucking kidding ! We will not allow you to destroy everything we We overcome as women ! I feel as though we We stronger than ever as a unit . We We an understanding and respect for one another ( more than trump can say about anyone , his trump candidates , other races and religions   other public figures   just HUMAN BEINGS in general , and of course animals ! Check out his family hunting photos ! ! ! ! ) it ’s absolute insanity that this has gone on this long and far ! Wake me up from this nightmare someone PLEASE ! A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Mar 25 , 2016 at 4:56am PDT ,   Along with posting the     photo , Cyrus accused Trump of attempting to divide women , and attacked the billionaire real estate developer ’s children . " Comparing two women ! Are you f —   king kidding ! We will not allow you to destroy everything we We overcome as women ! I feel as though we We stronger than ever as a unit , " wrote the     singer and former child actress . She the    singer and former child actress : We We an understanding and respect for one another ( more than trump can say about anyone , his trump candidates , other races and religions   other public figures   just HUMAN BEINGS in general , and of course animals ! Check out his family hunting photos ! ! ! ! ) it ’s absolute insanity that this has gone on this long and far ! Wake me up from this nightmare someone PLEASE ! " After Super Tuesday , Cyrus threatened to move out of the country if Trump is elected .   gon na vom    move out da the country # aintapartyindausaanymo , A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Mar 1 , 2016 at 6:32pm PST ,   The singer also posted a series of images criticizing Trump , including one of her crying The singer   Yes . That is a tear rolling down my cheek dripping off the end of my nose   …     .. This makes me so unbelievable scared and sad   …     . Not only for our country but for animals that I love more than anything in this world   …     . My heart is broken into a 100000 pieces    …     .. I think I may vomit    …     . That picture on the right is so disturbing   …     . YOU are not destiny ! It is not your job to decide when a living things life is over    …     .   YOU DT ARE NOT GOD NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU THINK YOU ARE ! ! ! ( if he does n’t think he is he God " GOD thinks he is he fucking chosen one or some shit ! We ’re all just fucking jam between his rich he toes ! Honestly fuck this shit I am moving if this is my president ! I do n’t say things I do n’t mean ! ) A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Mar 2 , 2016 at 6:07am PST ,   She wrote : " Yes . That is a tear rolling down my cheek dripping off the end of my nose   …     .. This makes me so unbelievable scared and sad   …     . Not only for our country but for animals that I love more than anything in this world   …     . My heart is broken into a 100000 pieces    …     .. I think I may vomit . " 
 