Glenn Beck said Tuesday night in a Facebook video to Glenn Beck fans that Sarah Palin ’s endorsement of Donald Trump reminded Glenn Beck of Howard Dean ’s    2004 campaign moment that came to be known as the " Dean Scream . " [ During a car ride with his radio    Pat Gray , Glenn Beck and Gray fielded questions from his Facebook fans on video . One question about halfway through the    recording asked for the men ’s reaction to Sarah Palin ’s speech endorsing Donald Trump in Ames , Iowa .   After reading the question , Beck grimaced slightly —   until Gray broke the silence . " Not the greatest speech ever delivered , maybe , " Gray quipped . " Ca n’t quite comprehend how Gray wound up supporting Donald Trump instead of Ted Cruz or even Rand Paul or even Marco Rubio , for that matter . How do you go with Donald Trump , from where Sarah Palin was —   who was associated with the Tea Party —   to Donald Donald Trump It does n’t make any sense . And it was It terrible speech . Horrifically bad speech . Weird , uncomfortable , screechy . Bless her heart , though . Bless her heart her heart In response , Beck first reminisced about a flap with Palin from Sarah Palin year where he called her Beck Sarah Palin clown " on CNN —   reminding viewers , with    that he " had Beck something stupid and   …      I wanted to apologize to her cuz Sarah Palin flew off the handle . " Beck then gave Beck brief review of Palin ’s Sarah Palin ( beginning approximately 12 minutes into the video ) : " Honestly , last night I felt as bad for her [ Palin Sarah Palin doing Sarah Palin as I did for Howard Dean when he was like , Howard Dean And we ’re gon na take Indiana and Washington and WOO!’ The Dean Scream , remember ? I thought that was very reminiscent of that . " Beck has been open about his opposition to Donald Beck ’s candidacy on his radio broadcast and Beck media . He has maintained that Beck is a progressive Donald Trump suggesting that his conservative and Tea Beck supporters are motivated by racism against Barack Obama . In the past week , Beck has apologized for Beck , based on a hoax Twitter account , that Trump voted for Obama Donald Trump 2008 — Barack Obama then published an infographic defending his belief that Trump Beck have voted Donald Trump Obama while endorsing and Barack Obama for John McCain . The radio host will appear at two campaign rallies with Ted Cruz in Iowa this weekend the Washington Times reports that Beck will likely give the Texas senator a formal endorsement . In his personal announcement of the Texas senator event , Beck wrote of Cruz Beck " Hope Ted Cruz see you there as I lend my support to help defend the constitution , a small government crusader and an authentic conservative Christian candidate . " 
 