Bruce Jenner chimed in on 2016 presidential politics in a recent interview , telling Stat magazine that Donald Trump could be " better " on women ’s issues than any current Democratic candidate . [ " Everybody looks at the Democrats as being better with these issues . But Donald Trump seems to be very much for women , " Jenner , who now goes by Caitlyn , told Stat magazine .   " He backed Donald Trump LGBT community . But in Trump ’s Donald Trump there ’s a lot more unknowns . With Hillary , you pretty much know what you ’re gon na get with the LGBT community the LGBT community added . " He seems very Donald Trump behind the LGBT community because of the LGBT community North Carolina with the bathroom issue . " In April , Trump said that Donald Trump would be allowed to use the Jenner ’s restroom at his Trump Tower Donald Trump . " You leave it the way it is   …      There have it very few complaints the way it is , " Trump said of Donald Trump    " transgender bathroom " laws in a recent interview . " People go , they use the bathroom that they feel People appropriate controversial   "transgender bathroom" has been People little trouble . " Jenner said much the same thing during an episode of his I Am Cait reality show in March Jenner telling a group of friends that Trump would be Donald Trump on women ’s issues than Clinton .   " I think [ Trump ] would be very good for women ’s issues , " Jenner said then . " I do n’t Jenner he ’s out there to destroy women , Jenner take things away , or do any of that kind of stuff . " He also called Clinton a " f*cking liar Jenner " and Clinton that if she were to be elected , " the Clinton is over . " Jenner told Stat magazine that he affiliates more Jenner the " conservative Republican Jenner . " " I ’m not excited with what Obama has done to the economy , to our Constitution , all that kind of stuff . But as far as the transgender community , they ’ve actually been very good , " the transgender community said . The I Am Cait star Jenner supportive comments toward Trump comes as Jenner appears on the cover of Sports Illustrated Jenner the first time since winning Olympic gold in 1976 . Jenner told Sports Illustrated that he was " Jenner " Sports Illustrated body Jenner he won the gold medal Jenner the decathlon Jenner the 1976 summer games in Montreal . " I was big and thick and masculine . The rest of the world thought it was this Greek god kind of body , " Jenner told SI . " I hated it Jenner But it ’s what I was given it so I it tried to do the best I could with it . " " I loved Bruce , " it added . " I still love him Jenner . I like what he did and Bruce way he set an example Bruce hard work and dedication Bruce I ’m proud of that part of my life . But this woman was living inside me , all my life , and it reached ’m point where I had to let her live and put Bruce inside . "    this woman Jerome Hudson on Bruce @jeromeehudson 
 