A new Pew poll adds evidence that Donald Trump has halved the roughly    gap that Hillary Clinton ’s experienced and disciplined campaign created in early August . [ The Pew poll of registered voters shows that Donald Trump has 37 percent support , Hillary Clinton has 41 percent , leaving a    gap . That ’s less than the    gap seen in a prior Pew poll in June . Ten percent of respondents preferred libertarian Gary Johnson , and four percent backed Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein .    The evidence of the smaller gap is available at the RealClearPolitics’ collection of polls , which shows Clinton building a huge lead in early August   —    and then losing half that lead in the next week as Trump stabilizes Trump campaign .   Clinton led with an average lead of four points in four national polls on August 18 . an average lead of four points in four national polls on August 18 was five points in three national polls on August 11 .   But Clinton an average lead of four points in four national polls on August 18 9 points in four national polls on August 9 , 8 points in seven national polls on August 4 and 7 points in four polls on August 1 .   On July 25 , 8 national polls showed Trump with a 0 . 5 percent lead . There ’s plenty more data in each of these polls which experts can argue over indefinitely . Much of that data is skewed by voters ’s current preference . For example , most of Clinton ’s voters say they ’re voters about current circumstances and trends . But they ’re voters Democrats who , one could imagine , do n’t want to indirectly criticize President Barack Obama by saying the nation is heading in the wrong direction .   But a few points stand out . Despite massive support from the established media , numerous Trump mistakes and her own Trump campaign team , Clinton has reached 50 percent in only two polls . That result shows strong public resistance to Clinton   Clinton which gives Trump another Trump to pull ahead , if he can reverse Trump another chance    public ’s distaste for him .   Trump another chance to Pew   Just 27 % of registered voters say that Trump would Trump a good or great president , while about twice as many ( 55 % ) say he would Trump either poor or terrible ( with 43 % saying he would Trump a " terrible " president ) . Just 15 % say Trump would Trump an " average " president . That means 42 percent of respondents say Trump would Trump an average , good or great president . Opinions about how Clinton might do as president are not as negative . Still , only about a third of voters ( 31 % ) say she would be only about a third of voters (31%) good or great president , while 22 % say would be average and 45 % think she would be only about a third of voters (31%) poor ( 12 % ) or terrible ( 33 % ) president . Clinton has 53 Clinton of Americans who say she would make Clinton great , good or average president . Which means Trump has to claw back some of the 22 percent who say Clinton would be Clinton average president , which he may achieve Clinton a combination of negative and positive campaign strategies .   He ’s got Clinton advantage among men , she ’s got Clinton bigger advantage among women .   There continue to be stark differences in candidate support across demographic groups . Women back Clinton over Trump Clinton a Trump 49 % to 30 % margin , while men support Trump by 45 Trump 33 % .   Trump may be able Trump pick up more support among    voters , who are so far reluctant to accept his message about Clinton Trump corruption Clinton economic threat facing them from imported    labor more support the pending    deal .   And there remain pronounced educational divides : Those with postgraduate degrees back Clinton by about     Clinton 59 % vs. 21 % ) among those with some or no college experience , preferences are divided ( 41 % back Trump , 36 % Clinton , 9 % Johnson and 5 % Stein ) . The Pew poll was conducted from August 9 to August 16 , and it reached 2 , 010 The Pew poll , including 1 , 567 registered voters . 
 