The Islamic advocate and    invited by Google and Fox to question the GOP ’s 2016 candidates at the Jan. 28 debate is also a supporter of    2016 candidate , Democrat Sen. Bernie Sanders . [ Nabela Noor tweeted a picture of Nabela Noor wearing a red Sanders sweatshirt on Jan. 16 .    On January 25 , Nabela Noor also posted a picture of Sanders supposedly marching in a    demonstration with the Rev. Martin Luther King .   Noor , who describes Nabela Noor as an advocate for Islam , earlier posted a video portraying Adolf Hitler in agreement with Trump .   For more about Noor and Noor role in the Jan. 28 GOP debate , read this Breitbart . com article . Noor affiliation with    Sanders showcases the    radical political shift among America ’s    advocacy groups . Before the 1960s , these advocacy groups for    economic policies they thought would advocacy groups poorer ,    Americans , regardless of color , by transferring wealth and power from industry and   . But after the 1960s , the 1960s leaders gradually shifted their focus away from the   leaders and towards cultural policies . Under this " cultural Marxism , " progressives believed they would aid racial progressives sexual minorities   —    and now Islamic minorities   —    by transferring cultural power and status from ordinary Americans , especially from white    Americans and away from    Christian churches . Many large business groups and very wealthy individuals have welcomed and funded this shift from ‘ Economic Marxism’ to ‘ Cultural Marxism.’ Since then , the left ’s    against ordinary Americans’      and    culture has forcibly imposed " diversity " on society , which has divided Americans into angry factions and sharply reduced the    political pressure for higher taxes on very wealthy individuals . The shift has also caused the Democratic Party to fight for increased immigration , much to the delight of business groups and Wall Street , who make enormous financial gains from an increased inflow of cheap workers and    immigrant customers . Those economic gains flow to many major companies , including Google and Fox , who are producing the Jan. 28 debate . Because of this     diversity strategy , progressive Democrats   —    including President Barack Obama   —    are also encouraging the migration of devout Muslims and their theocratic political leaders into the United States . The resulting spike in jihad attacks , the migrants’ high use of welfare and the spread of their religious ideology   —    which stigmatizes woman and sexual minorities and ordinary    Americans that are the base of the Democrats’ disparate political coalition   —    and progressives’ increasingly shrill contempt for Americans who dislike of Islamic ideology , are just the costly civic    imposed on Americans by progressives’ reach for political progressives’ and social status . Muslim advocates are useful for progressives because they rally immigrant Muslim Muslim advocates and they help to spike immigrant Muslim voters social conflicts , which boosts the civic conflict , or " diversity , " that benefits business groups and    secular ,    progressive leaders . For example , Noor ’s    video initially displayed a fake twitter image claiming that Trump tweeted " Muslims should be treated no differently than sex offenders . " She subsequently edited the Noor and accusation from her video . Last video added an edit to a video of mine . Thank you to everyone who brought this error to my attention . pic . twitter .    —    NABELA ( @NabelaNoor ) January 28 , 2016 ,   The revised video does not video the supposed tweets . Noor , the Islamic advocate , did not apologize to Trump . In contrast , legal and illegal immigration by Latinos causes much less social conflict per person because Latinos share a Christian culture with Americans . Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @neilmunrodc . 
 