Friday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " Weekly Standard Editor Bill Kristol , who is a    member of the " Never Trump " movement , went after Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany , asking , " Do you really feel proud to support Trump ? "   When asked about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying President Obama was the founder of ISIS , McEnany Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany , " I ’m glad he Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany n’t take it back , because McCain would have taken it it . Romney would have taken it it . They have an history of dialing back things and looking very weak on these things . President President Obama like it or not , was the unintentional founder of ISIS . " Kristol said , " Trump discredits everything . That ’s why to my friends in the conservative media , like Hugh Hewitt , they should my friends in the conservative media be giving him lifelines Hugh Hewitt it ’s pathetic at this point . He is Hugh Hewitt conservatism . He needs Hugh Hewitt be separated and severed from conservatism . Every Republican and conservative who cares about the future of the Republican party and conservationism needs to say now   —    I really do believe this   —    ‘ We ’re not with Trump,’ and people who supported him , Hugh Hewitt , they tried their best they they tried they help him   Hugh Hewitt     . " McEnany asked Kristol " You ’re with Hillary ?   …      It ’s a binary choice , two people have viable chances of presidency . " Kristol shot Kristol , " And neither deserves it   …      You ’re taking the responsibility of supporting a man who is utterly unfit to be president of the United States . A man for a second you would not tolerate in your personal life . A bully , a man of genuinely bad character . Do you really feel proud to support Donald Trump ? " McEnany said , " I do . " Kristol continued Kristol " You do n’t . You got on the train . You hope to do the best for him , Donald Trump you are embarrassed to support him . Donald Trump McEnany said McEnany " I ’m not . I ’m embarrassed ’m conservatives that allow Hillary Clinton to become president . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 