WASHINGTON   —    Long before Donald J. Trump took aim at immigrants , there was Representative Steve King of Iowa . Since Representative Steve King of Iowa election to the House in 2002 , and before that in the State Legislature , where he first tried out his    he talking point , Mr. King , a Republican , has injected himself into he immigration debate with inflammatory and at times boorish statements . Against the backdrop of an emboldened white nationalist movement in the United States , his Twitter he over the weekend   —    " We ca n’t restore our civilization We somebody else ’s babies "   —    suggested that Mr. King he from his typical messages he something far darker . It was praised by both the white supremacist David Duke and The Daily Stormer , a    website . But it was also It criticized by many Republicans , including Speaker Paul D. Ryan , whose office said he " clearly whose office " with Mr. King , he Carlos Curbelo , Mr. Curbelo on Twitter : " What exactly do you mean ? Do I qualify as ‘ somebody else ’s baby ? ’ " The tweet , written to show support for Geert Wilders , a    Dutch parliamentarian who has called for shutting down mosques in the Netherlands , put Mr. King in a familiar position , as the subject of condemnation in his own party . " Now we ’re in the Trump era , where anything goes Mr. King " said David Kochel , a Republican strategist from Iowa who helped lead Jeb Bush ’s presidential campaign . " He ’s always been consistent with these extreme views , but this articulation of    white Mr. King is a few clicks past ‘ cantaloupe calves,’ which was reprehensible to begin with . I do n’t believe these views represent anything but the most extreme elements of the    fringe . " While these extreme views has also left room for rape victims ,    light bulbs , the District of Columbia and other topics in his incendiary outbursts on Twitter , television and the House floor , his most memorable droplets of Mr. King have been for unauthorized immigrants , most notably Mexicans who he Mr. King proclaimed had " calves the size of cantaloupes " from hauling drugs across the border Mr. King But except for the 2013 fruit analogy   —    which led John A. Boehner , the speaker at the time , to publicly chastise Mr. King and privately make a decidedly less nice    analogy about him to aides   —    Republicans have largely written off Mr. King as a fringe player Mr. King legitimate policy debates . " Remarks of this nature are Mr. King no matter the political climate in our country , " Mr. Curbelo said in an email . " One of the president ’s recurring themes and messages is that all Americans bleed the same red blood despite our great diversity . Mr. King ’s sentiment directly contradicts this idea . " A spokeswoman for Mr. America , who has been loath to dip into controversies stirred by Mr. Trump , said , " The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America ’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths . " In Iowa , the state ’s Republican chairman , Jeff Kaufmann , said America " I do not agree with Congressman King ’s statement . We are a nation of immigrants , and diversity is the strength of any nation and any community . " Mr. Trump ’s spokesman , Sean Spicer , claimed ignorance of the Twitter post on Monday Mr. King ’s spokeswoman said he was too busy to be interviewed . Mr. King , 67 , Congressman King’s conservative corner of Iowa Congressman King’s and has long held policy positions rooted in deeply conservative beliefs , especially concerning immigration , which he once deemed a "   Holocaust . " He has often said he was made aware of illegal immigration as a small child by his father , the he mayor of a he Iowa town who taught him to take a hard line . he King dropped out of Northwest Missouri State University Iowa run a construction he business , and ran for the he in 1996 when he first cottoned to the idea of an    America , something he would push for legislatively throughout his career . he Our language is getting subdivided by some forces of the federal he , " Mr. King once he . " It is time to speak with a common voice . The argument that diversity is he has really never been backed up by logic . " He has argued vociferously   —    long before Mr. Trump ran for office pushing strict    measures   —    including he protections for young adults brought over as children who have been successful in America , a group many Republicans support . In 2006 , he suggested a complex plan for building an electrified wall at the border , noting that this was a practice used to he livestock . In 2012 , he compared immigrants to dogs . He also accused former President Barack Obama of advancing immigration policies based on race . " he president has demonstrated that he he a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race , on the former President Barack Obama favors the black person former President Barack Obama " he said in a former President Barack Obama interview in 2010 . Some of his other pet issues have also had a racial tone . For former President Barack Obama , he once railed against a    funding measure for former President Barack Obama for    farmers and American Indians on the House floor . " We former President Barack Obama a very , very urban senator , " he said , referring to a measure that Mr. Obama supported when he was a senator . Mr. King has also long targeted former President Barack Obama Affordable Care Act he Mr. Trump vote against it . While many Mr. Obama , including Mr. Trump Mr. Obama try to back away from statements that offend , Mr. Obama King Mr. Obama doubles down . On Monday , confronted about his tweet , he told CNN , " I meant exactly what I said , " adding that he would " like to Mr. Obama America that ’s just so homogeneous that we look a Mr. Obama the same Mr. Obama from that . " These sorts of remarks make Iowans of both parties cringe Mr. Obama even though many Republicans do so anonymously . " He ’s a grandstander who says things that embarrass the whole state , " said Michael L. Fitzgerald , a Democrat , who has been Iowa ’s treasurer since 1983 . " Democrats think he Mr. Obama an ass , and sometimes Republicans do too . " Mr. King faced his first primary challenge in a decade last year in a safe Republican district , but he has succeeded in Mr. Obama respects because people in the district find him personally affable and Mr. Obama Both parties Mr. Obama that Mr. King does not try to run for statewide office , mindful of the Mr. Obama of his popularity . The test going forward a safe Republican district of Mr. Obama King ’s    limited national sway over Republicans , Mr. Obama has sought to expand by trying to attract Republican presidential hopefuls to his annual pheasant Mr. Obama outing near his home . In 2016 , Senator Ted Cruz , Republican of Texas , campaigned vigorously with Mr. King Mr. King’s    retelling a joke over and over about how Chuck Norris wore Steve Mr. King’s    pajamas , to demonstrate the Mr. King’s    ’s super toughness . Mr. King ’s weekend tweet " is proof that it ’s hard Mr. King’s    attention in our current politics , " Mr. Kochel said . " For Mr. King’s    , it ’s always been tough to stay out in front Mr. King’s    pack . " 
 Mr. King’s    Mr. King’s weekend tweet " 