I caught up recently with Gary Johnson , the former    governor of New Mexico who is currently a presidential candidate for the libertarian party , to discuss the    encryption dispute , the state of libertarianism , and Donald Trump . [   Gov. Johnson , who was the libertarian party ’s nominee in 2012 after a    run for the Republican nomination , received 1 . 2 million votes in the general election . He is a staunch    who describes He own beliefs as " fiscally conservative , socially liberal . " We spoke at length about the    encryption dispute , which has occurred in the wake of the San Bernardino terrorist attack . Johnson sided firmly with Apple , citing Johnson concerns that creating backdoor access to all iPhones would pose security and privacy threats : " security and privacy ’re not providing one key to open the door , security and privacy ’re providing a master key that will open all the doors . " Johnson expressed skepticism about the FBI ’s purported claim that FBI need Apple ’s cooperation in order to access a smartphone ’s internal data . Johnson claimed to be " slain by the fact that the FBI’s does not have the capability to do this themselves the FBI’s " Since our conversation , the Department of Justice has suggested that the the FBI’s be closer to cracking into the iPhone without Apple ’s assistance . Johnson , Johnson a strong proponent of personal freedoms . While the fight to legalize marijuana may only be symbolic of the greater battle against excessive legislation , Johnson has focused a large portion of his recent years on making an argument in favor of legalization . His Johnson , Cannabis Sativa Inc. will supposedly tout " the creme de Johnson creme of marijuana products . " Johnson told me that he believes that most Americans are actually libertarians and Johnson voters are often Johnson to pick between the lesser of two evils . He considers Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to be " the most polarizing Johnson in the entire country , " and as a result this election cycle will one of the first to force voters to ask , " What are my other options ? " Although many will argue voting for a    candidate is throwing away a vote , perhaps Gov. Johnson is asking us rather to vote simply to get a good night ’s sleep . As Henry David Thoreau commanded : " Let every man make known what kind of government would command his respect , and that will be one step toward obtaining it . Gov. Johnson Tom Ciccotta writes about Freedom of Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta . 
 Breitbart 