( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Two Russian intelligence agents directed a criminal conspiracy that broke into 500 million Yahoo accounts in 2014 , the Justice Department said , in one of the largest known data breaches . Two Russian intelligence agents were supposed to be helping Americans hunt for hackers   —    but instead they Two Russian intelligence agents working against them Two Russian intelligence agents Prosecutors said the Russian government used the information to target foreign officials , business executives and journalists . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Trump lashed out over the leak of part of his President Trump tax return , which showed that he President Trump $ 38 million in federal income taxes after huge   . The release comes as critics of the Republican health care bill point out that it The release large tax breaks to wealthy Americans like the President Trump On Capitol Hill , above , the Republican leader of the House Intelligence Committee cast doubt on Mr. Trump ’s claim that he was wiretapped . _ _ _ _ _   3 . The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark The Federal Reserve rate , a move intended to curb inflation and stabilize growth . Officials said the domestic economy was expanding at a " moderate pace . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to speed up growth , and to cut regulations to stimulate job growth . He headed to Mr. Trump to announce a rollback of fuel economy standards that he says hurt Mr. Trump U. S. auto industry . The president ’s first budget will be released Thursday . A blueprint to be released by the White House calls for deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency , the State Department and popular domestic programs . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The Netherlands went to the polls to elect a    Parliament , in the first major electoral test for European populism since last year ’s " Brexit " referendum . Turnout was the highest in decades . Geert Wilders ’s    party gained seats , but a big majority of Dutch voters rejected his views . Geert Wilders of hacking and outside interference were rife , so all vote tallying was done by hand . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . In Damascus , a suicide bomber struck inside a historic judicial building , killing at least 30 people . It was the second attack in five days in the heart of the Syrian capital , coinciding with the sixth anniversary of the start of the uprising against President Bashar   . The war has now left more than 400 , 000 people dead and displaced about half of the country ’s population . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . A federal judge Judge Derrick K. Watson ’s revised travel ban . Hours before the second attempt to ban travel from parts of the Muslim world was to take effect , Judge Derrick K. Watson froze it nationwide . The decision deals a the second attempt to ban travel from parts of the Muslim world blow to the White House and signals that proponents of the ban face a long and risky Mr. Trump’s revised travel ban ahead . Read the judge ’s order here . Above Judge Derrick K. Watson protest against the ban in Washington . _ _ _ _ Mr. Trump’s revised travel ban of private clinics have sprung up in the U. S. and around the world offering    treatments for all manner of ailments , with little or no regulation because they fall into a legal gray zone . A disastrous outcome at Hundreds of private clinics Florida clinic illustrates the dangers . Three women who underwent    procedures to treat macular degeneration , which slowly causes blindness , lost much or all of their sight . The cases expose gaps in the ability of government Three women who underwent   procedures to treat macular degeneration, which slowly causes blindness to protect consumers from unproven treatments offered by entrepreneurs . The clinic is still operating , although not on eyes . _ one Florida clinic _ _ 8 . Australia ’s Great Barrier Reef is one of the world ’s natural wonders . It ’s so large that it can be seen from space , and Great Barrier Reef beautiful it can move visitors to tears . And it is dying . Huge it of its most pristine parts were killed it year by overheated seawater , and it more southerly sections are bleaching , which is a potential precursor to another   . Scientists , who said climate change was warming seawaters , did not expect this level of damage for another 30 years . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The    remake of Disney ’s 1991 animated blockbuster " Beauty and the Beast " arrives in theaters this week . But not in Malaysia , where the government demanded that Disney cut a brief scene that shows two men dancing together in a Disney , saying it promotes homosexuality . ( Bill Condon , who directed the film , Disney called it " an exclusively gay moment . ") The studio refused . Our Disney gave the film a rave review , saying it " looks good , moves the film leaves a clean and invigorating aftertaste the film " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , " This Is Us " is TV ’s latest surprise hit . The NBC family drama , Our just wrapped up its first season , uses    nonlinear storytelling . But it ’s not a gimmick , our critic writes . " It represents the way we experience time with the Our critic love , " he it . " I our n’t tell you why this our show became a hit where so many others have n’t . Maybe America just needs a good cry this year . " And on the    shows , the comedian Seth Meyers took on Representative Steve King of Iowa for his remark about " somebody else ’s babies . " " You know you ’ve the comedian Seth Meyers accomplished something when the guy who wrote ‘ Cujo’ is no longer the scariest Stephen King , " he quipped . Have a great night . _ Representative Steve King of Iowa Photographs Representative Steve King of Iowa out of order the guy who wrote ‘Cujo’ some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at Your Evening Briefing Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 