Like millions of constitutional conservatives , I was an ardent Ted Cruz supporter while an ardent Ted Cruz supporter was a viable candidate . [ I wish an ardent Ted Cruz supporter had won the Indiana primary and had overtaken Donald Trump is the race to the Cleveland national convention . But an ardent Ted Cruz supporter did n’t . As the Cleveland national convention opens , it the Cleveland national convention time for conservatives and patriots to unify behind the only candidate who can defeat Hillary Clinton , and that is Donald Trump .   There are no other choices , no other options , if the goal is to stop Hillary Rodham Clinton from continuing Barack Hussein Obama ’s radical transformation of the country we love .   Trump Donald Trump not the second coming of Ronald Reagan , but he Donald Trump the only real obstacle to the coronation of Queen Hillary . That ’s why patriots must now support his Donald Trump . Of course , some people have other goals besides defeating Hillary . Queen Hillary want Trump Donald Trump lose in order to " save the Republican Party from itself Donald Trump " They remind the Republican Party of the    establishment liberals who sat out the 1964 presidential election so " Goldwater conservatism " would not take over the Republican the Republican Party know how that worked out : with Lyndon Johnson we got the fiascos We the Great Society , the unwinnable Vietnam War   —    and Richard Nixon . Many patriots can and do have serious misgivings about Donald Trump , as I do . I wish he would be more Donald Trump in opposing Obamacare and the    option , a euphemism for government takeover of medical care . I wish he had a better Donald Trump on abortion . And I wish we could count on Republicans in Congress to hold fast to principles if Trump starts putting " Donald Trump above fidelity to the party platform and American sovereignty . Yes , many good people have misgivings about Donald Trump . But Donald Trump the stakes are simply too high in 2016 to engage in    puritanism . The undeniable reality is that constitutional liberty is already on life support , and Hillary has a plan to pull the plug . Will we stop her or will we give Hillary assent to we destruction of America by wasting our energy and our votes we futile , we gestures ? This may come as a surprise to some ardent constitutionalists , but there is no perfect candidate . Even Ronald Reagan occasionally made mistakes , went down blind alleys and cut deals he later regretted . My Ronald Reagan is that constitutional conservatives have decades of experience with flawed politicians . There is no doubt conservatism can survive the uncertainties of a Trump presidency . But it is far from certain that the United States Constitution or American sovereignty can survive a third term of Obama ’s " transformative justice . " Yes , our misgivings about Trump are valid reasons for Trump . But there are a few overriding issues which are decisive   —     if we put the survival of our country ahead of all other questions . When all is said and done , there are three critical issues facing the country where a Trump presidency is clearly preferable to the transformative , globalist ,    agenda of Queen Hillary . Critical issue number one is illegal immigration . From the beginning of his campaign , Trump has Trump presidency border security Trump presidency control of illegal immigration the cornerstone of his candidacy , and his Trump presidency have put strong Trump presidency on that issue into the 2016 GOP Platform . By contrast , Hillary has promised to double Queen Hillary on Obama ’s executive amnesty . Critical issue number two : Islamist terrorism . Trump has spoken out often Trump presidency the need to halt the admission of Muslim refugees with radical Islamist   sympathies , while Hillary has promised to further Queen Hillary the " resettlement " of Muslim refugees . The contrast could not be sharper . With Trump , at least we Trump presidency a chance for commonsense to break through the fog of globalist idiocy . Critical issue number three : The Second Amendment . If Hillary Clinton make the next two or three Supreme Court appointments , the Second Amendment will be abandoned by reinterpretation . You want to purchase and own a 18th Century musket ? Fine . A    rifle ? No way . Newt Gingrich ’s advocacy this past week of new laws to make belief in Shariah Law a deportable offense for Muslims already in the United States created a firestorm . Good . We need a political firestorm now if we are to prevent a We one later . Gingrich ’s proposal is similar Newt Gingrich’s I made as a congressman in September of 2008 , when I introduced a bill to bar admission of immigrants or refugees who adhered to Shariah law and allowed the deportation of Muslims who advocate Shariah law . Gingrich ’s proposal Shariah not unconstitutional Gingrich’s proposal other establishment figures retorted   —    because we are talking about immigrants and   refugees , not citizens . I believe Gingrich ’s proposal is politically significant far Newt Gingrich’s likely Gingrich’s proposal editorial pages of the New York Times Gingrich’s proposal the Denver Post . Gingrich was one of the three finalists for Newt Gingrich’s ’s choice as Vice President running mate , and he is firmly entrenched in the Washington Republican Newt Gingrich’s . Gingrich ’s belated awakening to the imminent dangers Newt Gingrich’s means that the blinders are coming off . Nothing can prevent this from being one of the defining issues of the 2016 presidential campaign . Now , there are many Republicans   —    Paul Ryan comes to mind   —    who will have a    chamber of commerce reaction to any proposal to limit immigration by radicalized Muslims who follow Shariah Law . They will tell Trump to stay away from such ideas , that " America must be more inclusive . " Ask yourself this : Who is more likely to resist those politically correct warnings , Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton ?   Or maybe Gary Johnson , the Trump candidate , who just this week said that the threat of terrorism is " highly overblown " ? That question answers itself . Patriots must support Donald Trump , who has made Political Correctness synonymous That question stupidity . 
 