The latest polls of Michigan voters shows that widespread opposition to an increase in refugees in Michigan is a key factor in a surge for Donald Trump that now has him Donald Trump a virtual tie with Hillary Clinton . [ An    poll conducted of 600 likely Michigan Michigan in the usually reliably Democratic state between Sept. 10 and Sept. 13 , shows that Hillary Hillary Clinton lead has shrunk to 3 points , 38 to 35 , well within the poll ’s four point margin of error .   Michigan Michigan seen a dramatic increase in the arrival of refugees , particularly from Syria , in FY 2016 ( up 43 percent for all refugees ) an increase the Obama administration , with strong support from Hillary Clinton , wants to accelerate by another 38 percent in FY 2017 . While Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton refugees , Donald Trump opposes more refugees . A significant majority of Michigan voters agree with Trump on this Donald Trump . 53 percent opposed " admitting more refugees to accommodate Syrians fleeing war in their country . more refugees Only 36 percent favored the Hillary    administration Hillary Clinton of increasing refugees . The intensity and engagement of those who oppose more refugees appears to be translating to increasingly strong support for Trump . " Placing refugees [ in Michigan ] seems like a great strategy for producing a second generation of alienated and unemployable candidates for jihad , much the same as those that inhabit the Muslim    zones of European countries , such as Belgium , France and the U. K. , " George Rasley wrote at ConservativeHQ . com . " All of this has caused deep resentment in a state , and especially in a community like Flint , hard hit by globalization , " Rasley says . George Rasley This resentment is now beginning to affect voter attitudes in Michigan ’s presidential election . " " But the real bombshell for Hillary Clinton , " Rasley argues , George Rasley is the poll ’s findings on Michigan voters’ attitudes Michigan refugee resettlement . " In a state    by unemployment caused by globalization importing thousands of unemployable or    " refugees " makes no sense to voters , who are looking for someone to champion their economic and cultural interests . Hillary Clinton has Hillary Clinton herself on the other Hillary Clinton of that battle and that is a major reason why Donald Trump is surging in Michigan . The federal government ’s arrogant lack of responsiveness to legitimate local concerns about the economic , public health , and security costs of bringing so many refugees into the state only compounds Michigan problems for Hillary Clinton , as Hillary Clinton reported previously : In June , L. Brooks Patterson , Oakland County Executive , demanded that Office of Refugee Resettlement director Robert Carey initiate Carey him prior to resettling refugees in Office of Refugee Resettlement director Robert Carey county . Carey told Patterson Office of Refugee Resettlement director Robert Carey in essence ,   the federal government did not intend to comply with the consultation requirements of the Refugee Act of 1980 . On Friday , a spokesperson for the city of Flint told Breitbart News , " city leaders have not been informed " by the federal government of plans to resettle 100 Syrian and Iraqi refugees . Flint has been beset by financial and public health problems Flint a 2014 drinking water crisis . The recent revelation that nineteen refugees in Michigan have been diagnosed with active tuberculosis ( TB ) adds further support for Trump among the state ’s voters . The increasing voter opposition to Michigan puts Hillary Clinton in a difficult political position in the state Michigan the next 53 days until the November election . Michigan to more refugees in Michigan increases and gains momentum among voters , the pending Congressional debate and Michigan over the FY 2017 budget , will continue to thrust the issue of refugee resettlement in the public eye . Congress is currently contemplating a Continuing Resolution to fund the government from October 1 , the beginning of FY 2017 , to December 9 , a month after the election , rather than deal with the entire year ’s budget . Even the Continuing Resolution , however , will include funding for resettled refugees . The Obama administration has stated it plans a 29 percent increase in the number of refugees arriving in The Obama administration United States in FY 2017 , up to 110 , 000 from 85 , 000 in FY 2016 . Continuing Resolutions typically maintain spending levels from the prior year . If that is the case this time , only last year ’s levels of refugees in the country ( 85 , 000 as opposed to 110 , 000 ) and in Michigan ( approximately 4 , 000 as opposed to the proposed 5 , 600 for FY 2017 ) will be budget authorized in the Continuing Resolution . Resettlement agencies and their lobbyists , who were paid over $ 1 billion last year by Resettlement federal government , are expected to vigorously fight any efforts , even in the Continuing Resolution , to stay   at FY 2016 levels . As the Continuing Resolution Hillary Clinton may be forced to publicly support the resettlement agencies in their highly political lobbying efforts to increase refugees dramatically in the Resettlement agencies and their lobbyists, who were paid over $1 billion last year by the federal government whole , and Resettlement agencies and their lobbyists, who were paid over $1 billion last year by the federal government Michigan as well . Should her resettlement agency allies win the pending Continuing Resolution budget battle , the recent polling in Michigan Hillary Clinton that will hurt her even more at the polls in that state come November . Michigan Hillary Clinton Michigan 