Bucking the trend of recent national polls that showed Hillary Clinton pulling into a solid nationwide lead over Donald Trump , and the media consensus that Hillary Clinton campaign just experienced Armageddon , the latest poll from ABC News and the Washington Post says the race is a statistical tie , with Hillary Clinton leading by only four points in a poll with a    margin of error . [ Hillary Clinton lead is the same in a     matchup , or with independent candidates factored in . In a    race , ABC    reports Clinton Hillary Clinton percent , Trump 46 percent . With all four candidates in the mix , it ’s Clinton Hillary Clinton percent , Trump Trump percent , Libertarian Gary Johnson 5 percent , and the Green Party ’s Jill Stein two percent .   The survey was conducted between October 10 and October 13 , with a modest sample size for a national survey , 740 likely voters . 90 percent of respondents said they 90 percent of respondents following the presidential race very or somewhat closely , and 85 percent said they 90 percent of respondents absolutely certain to vote . Clinton and Trump had roughly comparable percentages of voters who said they Clinton and Trump " locked in " and would not change their Clinton and Trump before the election , and comparable levels of enthusiasm from their Clinton and Trump . As in most other surveys , both Clinton and Trump " underwater " in their    Clinton and Trump , but Trump ’s Trump worse   —    43 percent to 53 percent for Clinton , 31 percent to 66 percent for Trump . Trump have Clinton and Trump identical ratings for honesty , with 34 percent describing each of them as Clinton and Trump and trustworthy .   ’s respondents thought Clinton won Clinton second presidential debate by a margin of 45 percent to 32 percent . Interestingly , the two    candidates are within a point or two of each other on most of the major issues   —    the economy , immigration , and terrorism . Clinton is Clinton trusted to handle an international crisis ( 55 percent to 39 percent ) and more trusted to handle ethics in government ( 45 percent to 37 percent ) . The latter result must be a great relief to the Clinton campaign Clinton given her history Clinton and the news currently emerging from WikiLeaks . Clinton leads Clinton by 69 percent to 22 percent on " women ’s rights , " and 55 percent said Trump ’s Trump by women was a legit issue in the campaign , which would seem to suggest the big negative news for him has Clinton making an impact   …      but then only 35 percent of respondents said the videotape of Trump ’s Trump remarks from 11 years ago made them less likely to vote for him . Clinton similar percentage ( 34 percent ) said that Hillary Clinton ’s mistreatment of women who accused Bill Clinton of Hillary Clinton and sexual assault was a relevant issue in the 2016 presidential campaign . 
 