CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    The Republican Party has been reborn . [ The Republican Party has been liberated from the corrupting forces of globalist special interests . The Republican The Republican Party and grifters has been replaced by a new party , rising from the ashes of George W. Bush and John Boehner . This new party has The Republican Party , browns , Asians , and everything else .   These are the dreamers who are coming out of the shadows as Donald Trump supporters . These are the undocumented Republicans who These finally proving their power with ballots . The These went after them with prejudice . Trump supporters These for their jobs and reputations . They Trump supporters about what their neighbors Trump supporters think . But Trump supporters do n’t have to worry Trump supporters . Here in Cleveland , the message from the delegates is clear : this is our party now . And    has to cover it : The first night in this showed what this campaign is Cleveland . But it also showed what this movement this campaign about for so many of its supporters . This movement is this movement the urgency this movement kindness . The night before his New Hampshire The first night in Cleveland , he stood on stage at a hockey arena his Manchester as a blizzard pummeled the streets outside , littering the Granite State with    cars . Trump came out to the Beatles’ " Revolution . " The people came out too   —    at least one in full Trump costume   —    to listen to Trump Trump had to say . I wrote then Trump The sweating , bumbling politicians have all become boardroom wannabes or castaways on an island where their flaws are exposed , picked apart , bumbling politicians analyzed . And they all come off dishonest compared to him . This is the politics of Richard Trump as Montgomery Brewster and Peter Sellers as Chance the Gardener . This was never supposed to happen . But it did . And scarier still for the This trying so hard to shut it down : Trump has substance . In This Carolina , the room got bigger . It flowed out of the convention center the the room of the rainstorm in Greenville and into the parking lots , where black and white merchants sold Trump slogans on all manner of    and Trump . Inside , the crowd felt like they were getting the inside information about the the crowd of power , and that they were privileged to be in this room the crowd to it . " Keep winning ! " shouted a man who clearly surprised his wife and daughter , who did not recognize him as someone to shout such a thing his loud . It was like a catharsis . Across America , people started saying what they think , realizing that it ’s still people legal in America to say what you think in most America   —    though pretty soon it might not be legal anymore if the progressives hang on to power . Terrorists killed our citizens , and feckless politicians in empty globalist suits responded with incompetence , malevolence , and disdain for the seriousness of the threat . Trump , meanwhile , promised that " we ’re going to love each other . " " There is so much love in this room , " he said at his rallies . More people Trump to Trump Trump rallies . The rooms got bigger his rallies he made kids behind him in " Trump ’s Trump "    recite Trump pledge to Trump do drugs or cigarettes and to " take it easy on the alcohol . " In New York , he gave a black woman a job at his Trump . The Trump movement is never on Trump delay . It Trump always live , like his    Saturday Night Live The Trump movement with Sia in Trump mask singing , " I ’m alive . I ’m alive . " The Trump movement is a collection of ’m improvising their next The Trump movement ’s okay that it ’s all improvised because The Trump movement world is fast The Trump movement malicious , and the ties that bind his delegates are unbreakable . Trump supporters see themselves as bound by common sense , empathy , judgment , and kindness Trump supporters They come together to build their movement , to keep it going , Trump supporters to welcome in new Trump supporters . So we have a political party now that is malleable , that is   . And therein lies the delicate brilliance of Donald Trump ’s movement . People used to vote for a candidate to go off to Washington and be president . Now , America could elect a man who will be president with us . 
 