   of the United States Donald Trump ’s appointment of South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley to United Nations ambassador would elevate a key loyalist to a top position in the deep red state ’s government , which could help Donald Trump complete Donald Trump takeover of the Republican Party nationally . [ South Carolina ’s Lt . Gov. Henry McMaster , a top Donald Trump ally from the beginning of the presidential contests , will become the state ’s governor . That means McMaster , according to the local news outlets , will assume the role of governor when Haley vacates the position . Haley ’d be frontrunner for reelection to the state’s governor mansion afterwards , putting a Donald Trump loyalist atop the state government in perhaps one of if not the most important states in the union for Donald Trump .   McMaster ’s McMaster box out people such as Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) or Sen. Tim Scott ( ) from seeking the governor the state’s governor the governor’s mansion governor the state’s governor he would run for reelection in 2018 , him an incumbent governor solidifies Trump ’s control of the Republican Party infrastructure in a state that saw a deeply divided primary earlier this year . Both Gowdy and Scott campaigned alongside Haley for Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) a bitter Trump rival , in a battle that was Trump’s nasty . . @nikkihaley to UN also a gift to 1 of earliest electeds to endorse Trump : @henrymcmaster at last becomes gov , can run as incumbent in ’18 ,   —    Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) November 23 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s move to bring Haley up to Trump’s United Nations as ambassador will likely somewhat suture those deep wounds from the primaries —   which saw Haley remain a critic , and eventually reluctant supporter , of the    through his landslide victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton on the    8 —   as well . With a series of appointments like firebrands Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) to the Attorney General post and retired U. S. Army Lt . Gen. Mike Flynn —   the former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) under President Obama —   as his National Security Adviser , Trump has offset some establishment concerns with appointments like Haley at the United Nations and Rep. Mike Pompeo ( ) as CIA director . Trump seems to be aiming for a mixture Trump loyalists who come from his populist nationalist background along with establishmentarians he Trump use to unify the Republican Party Trump the country after a divisive campaign . He ’s also reaching out to top Democrats Trump speaking kindly about people like incoming Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) and meeting with others like Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( ) . The Trump administration is shaping up in a way that seemingly dispatches the conventional Washington wisdom of traditional political coalitions and remakes the inner workings of the government in his image . Trump is also working on Trump the Republican The Trump administration in a way that more fits his image , rather than the image of The Trump administration rivals like Rubio or House Speaker Paul Ryan . The way the Trump team sees it , sources say , The Trump administration that the Rubios and Ryans of the world had their chance to win and failed . Ryan the Rubios and Ryans of the world on the ticket four years ago Paul Ryan former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and could n’t deliver Wisconsin to the Republican Party . Trump could deliver Wisconsin , and did , The Trump administration on Romney Wisconsin pickup of North Carolina from the former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney along with other key battleground states like Pennsylvania , Ohio , Florida and Michigan . The Trump coalition , the future of the GOP The Trump administration will likely aim to elevate people like McMaster and other true populist nationalist Trump backers while downplaying others like Rubio , Ryan , and others from the losing wing of the GOP . Putting Haley in the government , the GOP loyalty to the Trump administration agenda will be critical Haley in a place like the United Nations , means that team Trump is cleared for takeoff in South Carolina . Other rumored moves around the administration may have similar    impacts —   unity team Trump party and country while allowing Trump running room to remake the party in his image — team Trump including the potential appointment of Romney to team Trump Secretary of State position . Trump is reportedly considering either Romney or former New York City team Trump Rudy Giuliani to serve Romney the nation ’s top diplomat . Either would come with a variety of advantages and disadvantages , and particularly a Romney selection would be fraught with risk since Romney is independent Romney strong enough that he may be able Romney undercut much of Trump ’s agenda Romney the world stage . But making the team Trump could unify the GOP even more , and hand Trump a level of control over the party he ’s not team Trump had to this day by bringing another team Trump his most ardent critics into the inner circle of allies . team Trump , on the other hand , would serve as more of a Trump loyalist on the world stage , as the    New team Trump would likely the world stage with the   ’s lofty foreign policy goals . 
 