WASHINGTON   —    They agreed just a week ago to the terms of a House Intelligence Committee investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election . But now some of the panel ’s Democrats are warning that Democrats may pull Democrats support for the inquiry if the inquiry becomes mired in    politics . When that might happen is unclear , and Democrats know that the current moment of even tentative comity on the panel may offer their best the panel for scrutinizing links between people close to President Trump and Russian officials . Still , Democrats are bracing for fights over subpoenaing witnesses and documents   —    including , possibly , Mr. Trump ’s tax returns   —    since Republicans have balked at an outside , independent inquiry into what intelligence officials say was an unprecedented intrusion into an American election by a foreign power . " I ’m not going to be part of a     show that is not a serious effort to do an investigation because this is really serious , " said Representative Jackie Ms. Speier If it ’s not a legitimate and comprehensive and    investigation , why would we be party to it ? " Ms. Speier said the committee it Democrats   —    all nine of whom were interviewed by The New York Times   —    would not hesitate , " under certain circumstances , " to pull their support . Democrats are already wary of Democrats   by the committee ’s chairman , Representative Devin Nunes Mr. Nunes has belittled news stories about the Russian links of Mr. Trump ’s associates and has pledged   —    along with Senator Richard M. Burr , the Russian Carolina Republican who leads the Senate Intelligence Committee   —    to examine Mr. Trump ’s accusations , made without evidence , that President Barack Obama ordered surveillance of Trump Tower . Mr. Nunes Mr. Trump’s supporter of Mr. Trump ’s campaign and served on the administration ’s transition team . So far , some Democrats on the House panel said Mr. Trump’s had been receptive to many of their requests in the inquiry . " Most of us would agree that there ’s no way Mr. Nunes participating in any form of    or some Democrats on the House panel , so we will walk away if the some Democrats on the House panel requires , " said Representative Jim Himes some Democrats on the House panel Democrat of Connecticut . " But we ’re certainly not there some Democrats on the House panel . " Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the committee ’s top Democrat , said it was unclear whether some Democrats on the House panel panel could conduct a credible investigation , ideally resulting in a single , bipartisan report on its findings . Along with the committee Nunes , Mr. Schiff is among the    Gang of Eight congressional leaders who receive classified intelligence briefings . " the committee we get to the point at any Representative Adam B. Schiff of California I feel we ca n’t do that , where there are legitimate lines of investigation that are being walled off , then I will say so , " Mr. we told reporters this week . Democrats expect the first major test of the investigation   —    and Mr. Nunes ’s stewardship   —    Representative Adam B. Schiff of California on March 20 , when the committee holds its first public hearing . An initial list of invited witnesses included James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director James R. Clapper Jr. the director of the committee intelligence under Mr. Obama and Sally Q. Yates , the former acting attorney general who was fired by the Trump administration after refusing to defend the president ’s first travel ban . Absent from the witness list was Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s first national security adviser , who resigned after it was revealed that he had misled Vice President An initial list of invited witnesses other White House officials about his conversations with the Russian ambassador . Though Mr. Nunes emphasized it was only an early list Mr. Trump’s he referred to Mr. Flynn as " a tangent , " portraying Mr. Trump’s as more of a victim of the intelligence leaks Mr. Nunes is seeking to investigate than a Mr. Nunes of the inquiry . " From everything that I can see Mr. Nunes his conversations with the Russian ambassador , he was Mr. Nunes country a favor , and he should be thanked for it , " Mr. Nunes said . Mr. Nunes may Mr. Nunes to tread cautiously to avoid the Mr. Nunes of crossing Russian from impartial moderator to Mr. Nunes . He has said the Russian of Mr. Nunes Tower was under Mr. Nunes the campaign was well within the scope of the inquiry , and has denied that he added it after the Mr. Nunes demanded that Congress investigate . With a tight smile , Mr. Schiff said he welcomed the opportunity to disprove Mr. Trump ’s accusation . But some Democrats Mr. Nunes at the Trump Tower that the panel ’s work could give credence to it . Should the issue not be Mr. Schiff to rest quickly , Ms. Speier said , " it would call into question the entire investigation . " Several Democrats said they expected their desire the panel’s work compel certain witnesses to testify to stoke friction among Republicans . But a flash point could the issue if Democrats press to subpoena Mr. Trump ’s tax some Democrats a move some Democrats could some Democrats the entire inquiry . Democrats have favored an outside , independent investigation , but many of them see the panel ’s inquiry as the best they can do . And they are keenly aware that by pulling their support , they would sacrifice their roles in an investigation some see as Democrats the most important of their time in public Democrats . " It ’s Democrats big jump to pull out of Democrats investigation , Democrats matter how Democrats it is , " said Representative Mike Quigley , Democrat of Illinois Democrats " Because whatever truth you can bleed out of this thing , the better off an investigation some see as among the most important of their time in public service . " 
 It 