On Wednesday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd stated that Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has " a darker place that Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes decisions from a place of fear and insecurity , " while GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is the " ultimate huckster who is selling in the moment . "   Dowd said of Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , " It ’s like Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is a wonderful public servant who wants to save the world . Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s always had that part of Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and still does , but then there ’s a darker place that Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes decisions from a place of fear and insecurity , and that kind of trips up the public servant side . So , you always have the good side and then Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gets   —    you know , I was thinking , it ’s like Donald Trump has Donald Trump wall , but Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has his wall . You know , that   —    and you saw it    the health thing , the defensiveness , the secretiveness . That is so    to Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that while Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton liked some things about Donald Trump in the beginning , " [ H]e was kind of a truth teller in the the beginning until , it   —    you know , he turned she liked some things about Trump in the beginning, "[H]e was kind of a truth teller in the beginning, until, it  —    a not truth teller . " Dowd continued of Donald Trump , " It ’s more like wishful thinking . Like he wished she liked some things about Trump in the beginning, "[H]e was kind of a truth teller in the beginning, until, it  —    had she liked some things about Trump in the beginning, "[H]e was kind of a truth teller in the beginning, until, it  —    against Iraq from the beginning the beginning , I do have to give him credit . she liked some things about Trump in the beginning, "[H]e was kind of a truth teller in the beginning, until, it  —    turned against she liked some things about Trump in the beginning, "[H]e was kind of a truth teller in the beginning, until, it  —    .    credit      He turned against she liked some things about Trump in the beginning, "[H]e was kind of a truth teller in the beginning, until, it  —    way before credit lot of the New York cognizanti , so . " Dowd later added Dowd " [ O]nce little Muslim kids and Muslim women start getting attacked , it ’s not credit . " She further stated Dowd was the " ultimate huckster who is selling in the moment . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 