Whether lambasting racial inequity with his trademark eccentricity , or putting on a Jheri curl wig for a    parody of Rick James , Dave Chappelle has long been considered one of the most exciting    in comedy . But Dave Chappelle has n’t issued a special or album since Dave Chappelle infamous decision to walk away from the critically acclaimed " Dave Chappelle Show " on Comedy Central   —    and a $ 50 million contract   —    in 2005 . [ Read a review of the Netflix specials ] He Dave Chappelle in the spotlight in 2013 , rekindling his Dave Chappelle of    in what one critic called " magnetically compelling " sets in a variety of spaces : comedy clubs , festivals and 10    shows at Radio City Music Hall .    the medium that first made Mr. Chappelle famous , was again his Mr. Chappelle ’s work . On Tuesday he Mr. Chappelle two new specials on Netflix , " Deep in the Heart of Texas " and " The Age of Spin , " culled from a 2015 performance in Austin and a 2016 show in Los Angeles . In an interview that touched on the death of Prince and his Prince feelings about Bill Cosby , Mr. Chappelle spoke by phone on Thursday about his Mr. Chappelle with Netflix , his Mr. Chappelle Saturday Night Live " appearance and how the election of President Trump affects comedy . These are edited excerpts from the conversation . You caught flack for walking away from a lucrative TV deal more than a decade ago . Now Netflix Netflix reportedly paying you $ 60 million to air these two prerecorded    performances and create a       one . It was n’t like I made a deal and had to go out and do a lot . [ Laughs ] I just had to deliver the shows . And you ’ll be releasing another    special for Netflix Netflix year as part of the a deal   Yeah . I ’m working on that now . Not a bad deal . Do you have other unreleased shows still in the vault ? I have hundreds of hours of    audio recording of shows I did after I quit my television show . And then I [ taped ] three specials   —    one in Chicago , one in Austin , and one in L. A. Oh , and I also recorded the Radio City shows . These specials showcase three specials   who is reinvigorated by    comedy . I could quit my show , my television show ’s one kind of difficulty . But quitting doing    would be another . I ’m sure everybody gets to a point where they run out of [ stuff ] to say , and they ’ve got to take they knee and recharge and be introspective and live their life . But it they hard to not ever come back to . Guys might walk away from it and close the door it but they do n’t lock it they . Eddie Murphy it entertains the possibility of doing it again . Even though it does n’t do it Eddie Murphy I ’m sure it thinks about it all Eddie Murphy time . It ’s just one of those things where you ’ll do it for 10 years , It then you ’ll think about it for the next 30 It   Many of your contemporaries are still performing . It kind of reminds me of the ’90s : Chris [ Rock ] is back out there , I see Jerry [ Seinfeld ] around , I hear Jon Stewart is around again . All these people who are great comics that stopped doing   . It ’s fun to see everybody back . It ’s a good time It comedy in that respect . But the whole Trump thing makes it harder for comedians . the whole Trump thing so ?   He ’s so skewed , Jon Stewart ’s hard to find the whole Trump thing angle that sounds fresh . If you talk about him , it ’s almost Jon Stewart you the whole Trump thing part of the chorus and not a soloist . How do you view the dynamic between comedy and bringing truth to power ? I think it ’s interesting that people perceive us as having a sanctuary . Because I do n’t . In fact , I think we ’re almost disproportionately taken us task over what we say . " Chappelle us Show " brought you a level of ubiquity few comedians ever achieve . A lot of times when you ’re a famous dude , you do n’t really feel like a person is actually looking at you . They ’re looking at the phenomenon that you ’ve become . Every once in a while , a person will engage with you , and you ’ll you like , O. K. this person actually sees me . But I did n’t want the headache or the scrutiny . It was too much for me at that point . O. K. this person actually sees me felt like after I quit my show , the crowds could actually see me . The audience recalibrated with me . They listened to O. K. this person actually sees me again the crowds And it O. K. this person actually sees me great . I started playing clubs again just because I enjoyed it . It was reaffirming it love it [ ] . It was important for me it do that . I needed that . I loved it . In the last that years , I ’ve found an altitude I ’m comfortable with . You famously parodied Prince on your TV show . How did you react when you learned of his passing ?   It Prince a hard thing to talk about . I looked up to him like everybody did . Prince did n’t know him that well , but Prince times that we hung out were fun and very memorable and often funny . He was very generous with Prince advice , and he Prince very generous with Prince access . He let Prince see some Prince his process . He fostered Prince community among Prince . He used to have these Prince where we would go over to his house , and there Prince be all these musicians that I admired , and they ’d just do these these parties where we would go over to his house sessions in the basement . Everybody at the party was playing something . I think when he died there was the Everybody at the party dying , but then there was this pillar in the community of people dying . Take me through hosting " Saturday Night Live " last November in the immediate wake of the election . At a certain point [ on election night ] we were all in the writers’ room , and as the night went on , election night was picking up these Electoral [ College ] votes , everyone stopped writing . And then everyone was just staring at the TV . I saw people tear up sketches they were writing . They ’d people Hillary was going people win . Now there was essentially no show on Saturday . It was like the wind got knocked out of the writers’ room . I was really worried . And yet you delivered a humorous , poignant monologue reflecting your equal parts hope and fear for the future . The best advice I got was from Louis C. K. I went to a comedy club Friday night [ before the show ] and saw him no show on Saturday Louis told me : Louis C. K. [ Forget ] the rest of the show . The monologue is all no show on Saturday . " I was stressed out all that day . But right before I went onstage , this calm just washed over me . Everything just felt right . As someone who idolized Bill Cosby as a child , it ’s surprising you dedicate so much time in both specials to the rape allegations against him . The Bill Cosby thing was tough for me . I ’m not saying that to me from his alleged victims at all . But he him a hero of mine . Is him a mourning process involved ? So many bad things happened to our heroes : Muhammad Ali had Parkinson ’s Richard Pryor had M. S. Prince died too young . And Bill just looked like one of the guys who was going to get to the finish line and just die of old age . And this happened . Jesus Christ . It ’s awful . How do you respond when critics put you in the same conversation as comedy greats like George Carlin , Richard Pryor , Eddie Murphy and Chris Rock Richard Pryor appreciate it , but it ’s not a useful thing . I do it know what to do with that but just be humbled by it . You never feel like you ’re better it your heroes . What does life look like moving forward ?   I need time to think . I need to have experiences . I have to live in order to get onstage . When I ’m sitting there staring into space , that ’s the heavy lifting . I ’m like everybody : Sometimes I ’m wildly optimistic ’m I feel doom and gloom ’m We all just keep moving . 
 