BURLINGAME , California   —    Ahead of the California primary on June 7th , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is attacking GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s contribution to Democrats , as GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s ’s done throughout the primary election , but this time specificially in the Golden State . [ In a press release on Saturday , the Cruz campaign is charging that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s supported top Democrats in California .   " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s has financially supported the top three statewide elected Democrats in California California giving them the top three statewide elected Democrats in California of dollars for various campaigns reaching back more than a decade , " Cruz Cruz press release alleges . It press release alleges : The current Democrat Governor Jerry Brown , Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom , and Attorney General Kamala Harris are perhaps the most liberal group of top state officials in the country , supporting numerous failed policies that have weakened the state ’s economy and security . Trump backed their numerous failed policies that have weakened the state’s economy and security electoral bids against leaders in the California Republican Party . " Donald Trump consistently financed the campaigns of some of the most liberal politicians in the the country " Cruz stated . California is perhaps one of the more egregious examples . From supporting high taxes and heavy regulation to amnesty and sanctuary cities , the top three officials in California have been California disaster for the state . California of qualified Republican candidates ran to fix California ’s problems , California decided to back liberal Democrats against them . This is an liberal Democrats to every Republican candidate , activist , official and volunteer who spent countless hours knocking doors , filling envelopes , making calls , and raising money to prevent these    liberal extremists from taking office . It is a betrayal to all that Republicans across California have worked for . Cruz ’s press release argues that Trump donated $ 3 , 500 to Brown and $ 2 , 500 to Gavin Newsom , " America ’s most liberal mayor . " Trump also gave $ 6 Trump 000 to " the Queen of Sanctuary Cities " Kamala Harris , according to Cruz . " Trump has Cruz donated to Trump CAGOP since 2005 , " the release also states . Cruz’s press release defended donating to Democrats Trump the past , previously telling Fox News host Sean Hannity that in New York " Everyone is Democratic . " " So , what am I going to do , contribute to Republicans ? Am I going to contribute to , I mean , one thing I ’m not stupid . Am I going to contribute to a Republican for my whole life when they get , they run against some Democrat . they the most they can get is one percent they the vote , " Trump stated , referencing his " good relationship " with Trump Chuck Schumer ( ) to whom he also donated in the past Trump 
 