CHICAGO   —    If the metal barricades , " Do Not Enter " signs and lurking Secret Service agents were a bother the past eight years in the Hyde    area   —    the South Side neighborhood where President Obama still owns a house , but rarely has been home   —    residents are not complaining . " All that ’s been fine , really . You get used to it , " said Adela Cepeda , who like many people on President Obama block of Greenwood Avenue met him before President Obama was President Obama , or a senator , or elected to anything at all . " To me , President Obama ’s just too bad his time President Obama be over . This has been fabulous for Chicago in a certain way . I think that all things being equal , we came first . But I guess all good things must end . " As Mr. Obama prepared to give his farewell Mr. Obama on Tuesday from McCormick Place , the cavernous convention center beside Lake Michigan , people in his hometown Mr. Obama by turns possessive , proud , anxious and wistful . With his election Mr. Obama 2008 , this city   —    and its heavily    South Side in particular   —    had suddenly been thrust to the forefront of the national political conversation . And so early Saturday , in temperatures barely above zero , thousands waited outside for the chance to receive free tickets to witness the end of that story . By Sunday , tickets were being hawked online for as much as $ 5 , 000 . Near the Obamas’ red brick Georgian , not far from the University of Chicago , some wondered gloomily whether his legacy might now be erased by his successor his Donald J. Trump , who received just 12 percent of the vote in Chicago and Chicago    slivers in the wards near Mr. Obama ’s house . Would Chicago ’s Chicago the spotlight , complicated as it had been at times , be over now , too ? " I guess I feel sad , " said Antonio Coye , a barber at the Hyde Park Hair Salon , where the plain black chair Mr. Obama used to sit in for his trims is the plain black chair Mr. Obama preserved under glass . Not long ago , a crew of    bicyclists peered at the chair from the foyer of the small shop , where a line of men forms on Saturdays and " the Obama cut , " a    taper on the side and the back for $ 24 , remains popular . " This was really something unique that happened , " Mr. Coye said as he worked on Mr. Coye customer with a razor over the weekend . " It was the first time somebody really different became president , and he did a Mr. Coye good job . To me , the person in office after him is going Mr. Coye make his time in Mr. Coye stand out even more than it did already his time in office "    tour buses , once an oddity , cruise down Hyde Park Boulevard with some frequency now . People can occasionally be seen pulling over with cameras outside a nondescript shopping center along 53rd Street , where an     plaque notes the Obamas’ first date , during which Barack Obama bought Michelle Robinson ice cream from a    shop that has since become a Subway . For a place that has not forgotten being called the Second City by a New Yorker writer long ago , Chicago had watched its standing , Chicago the eyes of the coasts , rise along with Mr. Obama ’s Barack Obama were entrusted with important posts in Washington , and many of them , along with Chicagoans first family , had roots on the South Side , rather than on the richer and whiter North Side . At points during the    term , Chicago voices seemed to Chicago everywhere . Both Valerie Jarrett and David Axelrod , who is now back in Hyde Park at the Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago , were senior Chicago . Chicago cabinet members included Chicago Duncan ( education ) and Penny Pritzker ( commerce ) . Austan Goolsbee , another Hyde Parker , was an economic adviser , and Desirée Rogers was an early White House social secretary . And Mr. Obama ’s    chiefs of staff included William M. Daley , the brother of Chicago ’s former mayor , and Rahm Emanuel , who was later elected mayor . But it is not just the shutting of that pipeline that causes concern . In Mr. Obama ’s old Mr. Obama notion that Mr. Trump was soon to step in left some speaking of the president ’s farewell speech in terms more akin to a funeral than a celebration . Many recalled watching an ebullient    evening here in 2012 , when President Obama appeared at McCormick Place Mr. Obama    a bookend , it now seems , to Tuesday night . Others recounted how they had felt as they watched his Others victory from Grant Others , the city ’s downtown front yard along the lake , where he addressed thousands with the gleaming Chicago his as a backdrop . " It was a magical moment   —    such a positive buzz all around , " said Kevin Elliott , a manager at 57th Street Books , an underground maze where Mr. Obama had held book signings and often visited before his election . Even here , though Mr. Obama a few have questioned whether Mr. Obama did as much as he Mr. Obama his time in office to Mr. Obama urban problems Mr. Obama gang violence , joblessness and segregation . In Chicago , violence cascaded last year : More people , 762 , were murdered in the president ’s hometown in 2016 than in New York and Los Angeles combined . Some complained that Mr. Obama had not interceded forcefully enough . " He was a community organizer here himself , Mr. Obama he should be embarrassed that Mr. Obama came in Mr. Obama president and the problems Mr. Obama actually worsened , " said Ja’Mal Green , a local activist . But others , like Mr. Coye , the barber , noted that Mr. Obama was president of the United States Mr. Obama of the South Side : " Who knows what happens now , but you ca n’t have expected him to solve this city ’s violence . " Mr. Obama Obamas intend to stay in Washington while their younger daughter finishes high school , but many The Obamas here believe that they might never return to the house on Greenwood The Obamas . He is building his presidential library in Chicago , Mr. Obama say , Mr. Obama that is just fine . " No , he ’s not coming back , and he should Mr. Obama , either   —    he Mr. Obama n’t go anywhere without being recognized , Mr. Obama said Stephanie Crouse , 53 , a school bus driver eating her lunch from a tray at Valois , a their younger daughter Park cafeteria Mr. Obama once frequented . " This is like your kids , " she added . " He ’s done his thing a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama He did what a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama could . a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama you ’re a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama him off a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama to graduate and move up and a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama off to better things . " 
 