Wednesday on NBC ’s " Late Night with Seth Meyers , " liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said the " irony " is " unbearable , " that Donald Trump who said so many " racist , " things during the campaign would " benefit from a law from the 1700s to placate the slave states . "   liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said , " Well here ’s the Democrats’ biggest problem , and this includes people who voted for Hillary . people who voted for Hillary do n’t act like people who voted for Hillary won . people who voted for Hillary won . Hillary ’s 2 . 7 million votes ahead of Donald Trump tonight . Almost three million , almost as many votes as Obama got in 2012 . So the Democrats , this is the second time this has happened in 16 years , this happened with Gore , where the Democrats win the popular vote but lose the White House . This would be like the Giants beating the Patriots    and then the sportscasters going , ‘ Well it ’s too bad the Giants beating the Patriots    the Giants beating the Patriots    that game.’ It it like , no , we have to get rid of this Electoral College . " He continued , " I would be saying the same thing if Trump was ahead by 2 . 7 million votes . I would accept the fact that my fellow Americans wanted him Trump president of the United States . I would n’t like it . I would accept it it The fact is the majority of my my fellow Americans not want him Trump And if you add in the votes for Jill Stein and guy who did n’t know where Aleppo was . If you add that in , that ’s 54 percent of the voters did n’t want Donald Trump . Only 46 percent did . So he is going Donald Trump not have a mandate . The majority of our fellow Americans do not want him in the Donald Trump House . But because of an arcane law from the 1700s that was set up to placate the slave states so they would join the slave states union , so they gave them the slave states little the slave states power , because they had a the slave states population . So in the irony of a man who said so many things that were racist during the campaign , that he would benefit a man who said so many things that were racist during the campaign a law from the 1700s to placate the slave states the slave states , the irony of it is unbearable , unbearable . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 