New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is making it clear that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie wants to be the    candidate . [ During a speech today at Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie focused intently on the divisions in the Republican party , suggesting that a candidate like Donald Trump would not help a candidate like Donald Trump win in November 2016 .   " Showtime is over , everybody . We are not electing an   " a candidate like Donald Trump said . " Showmanship is fun but it is not the kind of leadership that will truly change America . " New Jersey Governor Chris Christie did not mention Donald Trump by name , but explicitly used the term " carnival barker " to describe a candidate in the race —   employing a term used by President Obama to describe the billionaire in 2011 . New Jersey Governor Chris Christie admitted that the anger in the Republican party was real , but cautioned voters to direct voters at constructive action rather than destructive politics . " As voters become more frustrated , angry voices sound more reasonable , " New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said . " It ’s not enough to express anger —   we must elect someone who knows how we we things done . " " Anger alone is not a solution , " New Jersey Governor Chris Christie continued . " Today , as at many other times in our America , America needs leaders who not only identify our America , but who have the ability to repair our America system . That ’s what this election is all about . " He urged Republicans to be confident in their Republicans to defeat Hillary Clinton , encouraging them Republicans focus on healing the divisions in the party . He He cautioned Republicans from dismissing supporters of Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , and Ben Carson , reminding them Republicans many of the same voters supported presidential candidates like Mitt Romney , John McCain , and George W. Bush . " For all the talk about the division in our party , I see a strong consensus among Republicans on many if not most major issues , " he Mitt Romney, John McCain, and George W. Bush . Currently rising in political polls in New Hampshire , Christie is working hard to dismiss the establishment challenges posed by Sen. Marco Rubio and former Governor Jeb Bush and present himself former Governor Jeb Bush the only candidate who can unite Republicans . He Mitt Romney, John McCain, and George W. Bush Republicans from fretting about the divisive primary , pointing out that even George former Governor Jeb Bush Ronald Reagan fought bitterly in the primary before joining the divisive primary part of a unity ticket which beat Jimmy Carter . " Strong disagreements within a party can be a sign of strength   —    if the party can then present a party front in the general election , " he said . But he even George H. W. Bush and Ronald Reagan cautioned the party even George H. W. Bush and Ronald Reagan failing to unite a party 1990s , pointing to Ross Perot ’s third party run that guaranteed Bill Clinton ’s victory over Bush . But Christie focused most of his attention on Hillary Clinton , reminding Christie that Democrats rejected her in 2008 for President Obama and Hillary Clinton she failed to achieve any remarkable results Hillary Clinton Secretary of State in Obama ’s administration . " Their slogan President Obama 2016 seems to be , " If you like this government , we ’ll let you keep it , " he said , referring this government the Democratic President Obama . 
 