Hillary Clinton rubbed elbows with Hollywood    Monday night at an intimate , $ 33 , 000    " dinner and conversation " fundraiser at the New York City home of    producer Harvey Weinstein . [ Leonardo DiCaprio , Jennifer Lopez , Matthew Broderick and Matthew Broderick wife Sarah Jessica Parker    the event at   producer Harvey Weinstein apartment . an intimate, $33, 000   "dinner and conversation" fundraiser at the New York City home of   producer Harvey Weinstein was attended by about 50 people and brought in a whopping $ 1 . 8 million for Clinton ’s campaign in just two hours , Deadline reported .   Other celebrities at the fundraiser included Candice Bergen , Bethenny Frankel and fashion designers Vera Wang and Tory Burch . The menu reportedly included chicken and lobster , according to the New York Post‘s Page Six . The celebrities Other celebrities at the fundraiser reportedly warned not to tweet or take pictures once inside , as there was a strict " no social media " policy instituted at the event . The Monday night the event ’s comfortable cash lead over presumptive GOP nominee and her chief rival , Donald Trump . According to an FEC report filed Monday , Clinton ’s campaign had $ 42 million     Trump’s the    Super PAC Priorities USA had another $ Clinton . Trump ’s campaign had just $ 1 . 3 million in the bank as of May 31 , according to CNN . Clinton has dominated Trump in Hollywood fundraising Clinton’s campaign has raised more than $ 12 million from entertainment industry hotshots including Steven Spielberg May 31 Katezenberg , Haim Saban , J. Donald Trump Clinton , Tom Hanks , Barbra Streisand and Morgan Freeman . The presumptive Democrat nominee also counts the support of several    Hollywood bundlers like Howie Mandel ( not the TV star ) and CAA agent Michael Kives . Trump , meanwhile , has raised just $ 156 , 000 from the entertainment industry , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . However , the GOP nominee began hosting fundraisers in Los Angeles last month and counts the support of a small but influential group of Hollywood conservatives , including actor Jon Voight .    Follow The presumptive Democrat nominee Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
   Hollywood 