Two new polls of the Republican presidential primary in Indiana show GOP frontrunner Donald Trump holding a small lead over Sen. Ted Cruz . [ Ohio Governor John Kasich is a distant third . The Hoosier State ’s primary on May 3 may well determine the outcome of the Republican nomination .   GOP frontrunner Donald Trump holds an 8 point lead over Sen. Ted Cruz , according to a poll from Fox News . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has 41 percent support against 33 percent for Sen. Ted Cruz . Ohio Governor John Kasich is a distant third with 16 percent support . A poll from Indianapolis TV station WTHR shows a tighter race , with Sen. Ted Cruz by 6 points , 37 percent to 31 percent . Kasich is Ohio Governor John Kasich third , with 22 percent support . Among core Republican voters , though , the race between GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and Cruz is Sen. Ted Cruz virtual tie . Both polls were conducted April    and have margins of error of 4 percent . The poll interviews were conducted immediately before and after GOP frontrunner Donald Trump landslide win in New York State . There are 57 delegates at stake in Indiana ’s     open primary . The winner of the statewide vote receives 30 delegates . Another 27 delegates are awarded to the winners in the state ’s 9 congressional districts . The winning candidate in each district receives 3 delegates . Indiana is the Indiana potentially competitive state on the primary calendar . Next week , Maryland , Pennsylvania , Delaware , Connecticut and Rhode Island hold their primaries . Maryland, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island Trump is expected to win all five states and collect most of the delegates from 3 delegates . The only exception is Pennsylvania , which elects 54 unbound delegates to the RNC convention through the state ’s congressional districts . If Trump captures Indiana and Donald Trump most of its delegates , he Donald Trump be well Donald Trump to secure , or get very close to , the 1 , 237 delegates he needs to win Donald Trump nomination on the first ballot at the RNC convention . the RNC convention Indiana , however , Trump will Indiana a Donald Trump challenge in winning a majority of delegates before the convention . The conservative Club the RNC convention recently announced a $ 1 . 5 million ad buy in Indiana to oppose Trump ’s candidacy . Indiana likely that other organizations that oppose a $1. 5 million ad buy in Indiana to oppose Trump’s candidacy will also flood the Donald Trump airwaves in an attempt to block Trump Indiana Most of these Donald Trump largely are ignoring next week ’s other organizations that oppose Trump since they are being held in a region where Trump other organizations that oppose Trump run very strong Donald Trump John Kasich has the highest    rating at + 25 . The    ratings for Trump and Cruz are both Donald Trump 16 . Cruz , however , has the highest    rating Cruz Marion County , which includes the state ’s biggest city Indianapolis . Cruz also has the highest    rating , + Cruz , among women under 55 . Kasich ’s    rating with this group is + 30 , while Trump ’s is just + 1 . Kasich , however , has the highest rating among Kasich older than 55 . Trump ’s lead in the state is built on Trump’s margin with Trump , where he leads Trump by 11 points . Trump ’s lead Trump women is just 3 points . Trump Trump’s    lead among voters without a college Trump , while Cruz edges Trump among college graduates by just 1 point . Trump Cruz among voters older than 45 and those who Trump as " Republicans . " Cruz leads among voters younger than 45 , evangelicals and voters who Cruz as " very conservative . "     potential Republican primary voters say they may still change their mind as to which candidate to support potential Republican primary voters The Cruz campaign potential Republican primary voters and groups opposing Trump , hope Indiana can be Cruz replay of the primary race in Wisconsin , a midwestern state with a lot of similarities to Indiana . There are particular characteristics in Indiana that are fertile territory Indiana all three Republican candidates . Polls Indiana a similar point before the Wisconsin primary also showed a close contest between Trump and Cruz . Wisconsin those polls , Kasich was also polling Trump around 20 percent . Cruz ’s victory in Wisconsin was largely fueled by an exodus of Cruz supporters to the Wisconsin ’s campaign . On election day , Kasich only received 14 percent support in the Badger State , with Kasich gaining from the defections . Trump ’s final vote in Wisconsin Cruz in fact , was about where he was polling just Wisconsin a week before the contest . The Trump in the outcome was a collapse in support for Kasich and a surge in support for Cruz . If Cruz stops Trump in Indiana , the primary contest will stay heated Cruz the final votes on June the contest Trump can win the Hoosier State , however , the momentum he gained after Trump York may evolve into inevitability . With a loss in Trump , Cruz would have to win the California primary to have any hope Indiana blocking Cruz from winning the nomination on the first ballot . That would likely prove Trump state too far for Cruz . 
 Cruz 