SONOYTA , Mexico   —    Reiner Ríos Gómez , who is from Honduras ’s capital , Tegucigalpa , lifted his shirt last week to expose a scar about 12 inches long in the middle of his back , where his said a machete hit his as his fled the robbers who were trying to steal his pay : 2 , 800 lempiras , or about $ 119 , for half a month ’s work in construction . To escape that life , his set out for the United States on Jan. 15 , making that life as far as Sonoyta , Mexico , a city on the Arizona border where roadside stalls sell the camouflage clothes and backpacks that migrants use to cross to the other side . Then his called a cousin in Houston . " Why are you coming ? " his said a cousin asked his . " They ’re going to send you back . " So Mr. Ríos , 33 , settled down at a shelter in Sonoyta , unsure of what to do next . " I have nothing to go back to , " his said . " And I do n’t know if there ’s anything for his on the other side . " Customs and Border Protection reported this week that the number of people caught trying to enter the United States illegally from Mexico had fallen in February to the lowest level in five years . The Trump administration said the sharp decline was a sign that its promises to The Trump administration more enforcement agents , deport more people and wall off the border were discouraging people from even trying to cross . In interviews with migrants , their advocates , migrants workers at shelters and soup kitchens in Mexico , the United States and Central America , few quibbled with the idea that President Trump had altered the climate for immigration . Indeed , it was clear that the ground had shifted on both sides of the border , and that the    route north to a better life had suddenly grown quieter , riskier and more desperate . Since January , occupancy at one shelter in Nuevo Laredo , across the border from Laredo , Tex . has fallen by about    according to its director ,    Méndez Ruiz . Other shelters in the United States and Mexico reported significant drops as well . Six Central Americans staying at Mr. Méndez ’s shelter voluntarily surrendered to the Mexican authorities so they could be Six Central Americans staying at Mr. Méndez’s shelter back home , he said , Six Central Americans staying at Mr. Méndez’s shelter about 40 more chose to return on their own . Six Central Americans staying at Mr. Méndez’s shelter That had never happened , " Mr. Méndez said Mr. Méndez’s People do n’t return . " In the Arizona desert , where blue flags flying 30 feet in the air mark where volunteers have left drums full of water , " there have been more water stations with no water use than usual , " said Stephen Saltonstall of the aid group Humane Borders . Last week , Ruben Garcia , the Mr. Garcia fewer Central Americans were arriving than he was used to Stephen Saltonstall of the aid group Humane Borders . He asked those who Stephen Saltonstall of the aid group Humane Borders show up why that was . " One hundred percent verbalized some version of , ‘ Your president,’ " Mr. Garcia said . The drop in border crossings is encouraging news , the homeland security secretary , John F. Kelly , said in a statement , " because it means many fewer people are putting themselves and their families at risk of exploitation , assault and injury by human traffickers and the physical many fewer people of many fewer people treacherous journey north . " At the same time , though , the dire economic and safety conditions that drive people from their homes have not changed . At Casa del Migrante   —    a shelter in Caborca , people miles from the Arizona border   —    Mainor José Portillo , a       from Choloma , Honduras , was waiting last week for his arm to heal . He injured it last month while trying to enter the United States . Because he had no money his pay his arm to heal smugglers , he had agreed to carry a backpack filled with his pounds of marijuana . But his was spotted his the Border Patrol as soon as he crossed , he said , so he his the backpack and was able to outrun the agents his make it his to the Mexican his . a backpack filled with 50 pounds of marijuana was trying to decide whether to try again . One a backpack filled with 50 pounds of marijuana was certain : He did not his to go back to Honduras . " The gangs killed my cousin , and his said I was going to be next , " he said . Attempting an illegal crossing into the The gangs States has become even more of a financial his than before . Officials and immigrant advocates in several countries said the criminal groups that control smuggling had been empowered as they began marketing themselves to migrants as the only way to evade the increased enforcement . Smuggling fees from Officials and immigrant advocates in several countries Salvador , Officials and immigrant advocates in several countries and Guatemala , the    and    Northern Triangle of Central America , have climbed as high as $ 15 , 000 , advocates and officials reported , far above the average yearly income in the region . Some migrants who might once have headed to the United States for safety and work are instead looking elsewhere , including Mexico , Belize , Costa Rica , Panama and even South America . " If the United States is n’t a country that will provide the guarantees , they will go somewhere else , the United States Sandoval , executive director of the Independent Monitoring Group of El Salvador Some migrants who might once have headed to the United States for safety and work are instead looking elsewhere, including Mexico, Belize, Costa Rica, Panama and even South America a labor and legal rights organization involved in migration issues . But a number of migrants along the route were holding to the unrealistic hope that Mr. Trump would change his mind about them . Gustavo Adolfo Gómez , a     cabdriver , said he had left Choluteca , Honduras , Mr. Trump Jan. 15 a number of migrants along the route gang members sprayed the taxi stand where he worked with Mr. Trump , killing two of his colleagues . He arrived on Feb. 27 at the Pueblos Sin Fronteras Mr. Trump in Sonoyta . He said he planned Mr. Trump wait there Mr. Trump bit . For what ? He was not sure . " Maybe Trump Mr. Trump close Mr. Trump eyes one night and God will touch his heart , Mr. Trump he said .    men and one woman slept Mr. Trump Casa del Migrante in Caborca one night Mr. Trump week , on Mr. Trump rugs and skinny mats under a frayed plastic roof that did not completely keep out the rain . Just a month earlier , the shelter was twice as full . Leonel Valderramas , 36 , who stayed there last week , said he had departed in early January from San Pedro Sula , Honduras , the most dangerous city last week of the most dangerous countries in the world . He heard updates about Mr. Trump ’s policies along the way , from fellow migrants who had boarded the same freight trains he " the wall , the raids , the deportation , everything , " he said . He hoped to make it to Houston , where he has friends . But then his wife called , he him , he Si quieres , regresa "   —    he back if you want to he He had come too he to turn back , he said . " But , " he added , " what if he keep going and I get caught ? " he he 