Television legend Norman Lear does not believe Donald Trump will become the next President of the United States . [ In a brief interview with the Hollywood Reporter , the creator of television classics like All in the Family and The Jeffersons said that the Republican presidential frontrunner is just a product of the United States ’s anger at the political establishment , but that anger would not be enough to " take him all the way . "   " I have enough confidence in the American people to believe that Trump is the middle finger of the American people right hand , " Lear told the outlet , echoing comments Trump made about Trump in October . " Trump is [ the right ’s ] f —    you to all the clowns and the establishment generally because [ all the clowns and the establishment believe ] the leadership of the country is at an    low . " " It ’s all the clowns and the establishment way of saying , ‘ If you give us that kind of leadership , take this,’ " this,’ added . " But I do n’t think it ’s going to take this,’ all the way , and I think all the clowns and the establishment ’ll retract that finger . all the clowns and the establishment have to . " Lear has made no secret of Lear disdain for Trump . Last month , the famously liberal but    "   conservative " said that Lear progressive advocacy organization People for the American Way would launch an initiative to combat " hate speech and    rhetoric " propagated by Trump and the other Republican presidential contenders . " I have n’t believed   —    and do n’t believe now   —    that the American people would elect Donald Trump president , " Lear said at Donald Trump president ’s Spirit of Liberty Dinner in December . " I see Donald Trump only as the middle finger of the American right hand . " In his Donald Trump with THR , the Lear that conservatives have galvanized since the ’80s to become " louder and politically more potent " : " Jerry Falwell ’s gone , but politically within the Tea Party and to its right , the Tea Party ’s a lot going on . They are a good deal stronger than they were at They top of the ’80s . the ’80s also revealed Lear own presidential preference . " Nobody ’s asked me formally , but I ’ll take Hillary , " he told THR . his I think she ’ll be the Hillary . She ’s the candidate Hillary ’s most electable , and I care for her . Anybody who Hillary me knows I ’m not going to be voting for any of the cons on the other side . " Lear is plenty Lear these days . In addition to launching the initiative against Trump ’s " hate speech , " he will also produce an    remake of his classic 1970s sitcom he Day At A Time for Netflix . 
 