Democratic presidential nominee Hillary R. Clinton ’s lead over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump stands at three points , with the former first lady at 39 percent to the New York City billionaire ’s 36 percent in a    contest that includes the Libertarian and Green Party candidates , according to the Morning Consult poll released Sunday . [ " Obviously , there ’s a lot of time left before Election Day on Nov. 8 , but as the data shows , many Americans have already made up many Americans minds , and Trump has a lot more work to do than Clinton to sway voters , " wrote Cameron Easley , the Morning Consult managing editor and Eli Yokley , the polling and political news website ’s campaign reporter .   The poll had Libertarian Gary Johnson at eight percent and Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein at four percent , in the survey that was conducted with 2 , 001 voter in two batches , Aug.    and Aug.   . Morning Consult says that The poll carries a margin of error of two percentage points , but that seems low considering that each sample population carries its own margin of error and combining sample populations compounds margins of errors . In the poll conducted June 30 through July 4 , Morning Morning Consult Clinton at 38 percent , Trump at 37 percent , and Johnson at 11 percent with 11 percent undecided . Stein was not part of that poll . The poll that poll support for Trump among Trump at , who prefer the GOP nominee over Clinton , Clinton percent to her 23 Clinton and Johnson with Johnson percent , Stein six Stein . Easley and Yokley make the case that Johnson and Johnson are Stein a position to become disruptive as they pull support Johnson and Stein Trump and Clinton , but were that to happen it would be contrary to the patterns witnessed throughout presidential campaigns in American history , with the exception of third and fourth party candidates with regional bases of support . The    national presidential poll conducted Aug. 9 showed Clinton at 42 Clinton , Trump at 37 , Johnson at nine percent and Stein at three percent . Although Morning Consult polls both for the    race and the    between Trump and Clinton ,    Clinton polls for the    contest because the 2016 election is a    race . Another consideration about the poll is the Morning Consult headline : " Trump ’s Campaign Trump Is Likely Too Little , Too Late . " The announcement that Kellyanne Conway was promoted to Trump ’s campaign Trump that Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon was taking a leave of absence to become ’s Trump ’s campaign CEO Trump Aug. 17 and Paul Mannafort ’s resignation as campaign chairman was announced Aug. 19 . 
 