On this weekend ’s broadcast of " Fox News Sunday , " Washington Post columnist George Will said in light of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) winning more states in yesterday ’s Republican primary , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have may have peaked .   Partial transcript as follows : WALLACE : " Republican Party tearing Republican Party apart ? " WILL : " I think Republican Party may have passed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have , as it Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have be known . I do n’t think Mr. Romney was under any illusions that he Mr. Romney going to talk Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have out of supporting him . Mr. Romney think he knows Mr. Romney axiom that you can not reason people out of a position they have people been reasoned into . But we now Republican Party   —    his speech Mr. Romney up a very interesting phenomenon . If Mr. Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have nominee , he will be Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have by the most recent Republican nominee , no way Romney could support him , which Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have of fits because the Republican nominee will have be   —    said that the most recent Republican president should have been impeached , which gives you a sense of the chaos . But our parties are not flimsy things . The Democratic Party is the oldest party in the word . The Republican and our parties this debate in this country for 160 years . What the Republican Party needs to avoid blowing The Democratic Party get a binary choice between Mr. Trump and someone else . I think the evidence that we ’re approaching that is the fact that Ted Cruz announced late last week that he ’s going to open ten offices in the Ted Cruz of Florida . He ’s probably not doing that to win Florida Ted Cruz He ’s probably doing that to prevent Florida Rubio Ted Cruz winning it . If that happens , indeed , you ’ve got your binary choice and you ’ve got the best chance of not settling this in Cleveland where , if in the   —    what you outlined with Rush Limbaugh , Trump has the majority of the largest share of delegates , but not a majority , then you would have a   . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 