Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on Thursday that a ceasefire between the Syrian government and opposition forces , brokered and guaranteed by Russia and Turkey , would go into effect at midnight . [ Syrian state media confirmed the Assad regime ’s participation in a " comprehensive nationwide cessation of hostilities as of midnight , " made possible by the " successes achieved by the Armed Forces . " This was taken as a reference to the eviction of rebel forces from the    city of Aleppo .   Putin said the ceasefire would be followed by peace talks in Kazakhstan at an unspecified future date , hosted by Russia , Turkey , and Iran , according to the Associated Press . At least one rebel commander seems to think the ceasefire will work out better than the previous two , telling the the Associated Press " This time I have confidence in its seriousness . the Associated Press is new international input . " By that , he means Russia At least one rebel commander Turkey Turkey running the show without interference from the United States or United Nations , neither of which is part of the deal . The Syrian National Coalition , one of the major opposition groups , informed the AP via text message that the " moderate rebels " of the Free Syrian Army would abide by the ceasefire , although they reserved the the "moderate rebels" of the Free Syrian Army to retaliate against attacks by the Syrian government or its allies . the Free Syrian Army adds that it was told Reuters several other rebel groups that they would respect several other rebel groups ceasefire agreement . " The agreements reached are , of course , fragile , need a special attention and involvement , " Putin said . " But after all , this is a notable result of our joint work , efforts by the defence and foreign ministries , our partners in the regions . " He also announced Putin Russia would begin reducing its military deployment Russia Syria . " With this agreement , the ceasefire agreement agreed to cease all armed attacks , including aerial , and have promised not to expand the areas they control against each parties , " the Turkish Foreign Ministry added . As with previous ceasefire agreements , this one excludes the Islamic State and other terrorist groups    …      with one very notable exception : Nusra Front .   ’s franchise in Syria is included , Syria the new name it chose for itself ’s franchise in Syria year , ’s franchise in Syria Fateh   . Several rebel leaders said the Syrian government and its allies wanted to ’s franchise in Syria the    group from the new deal , but other rebel factions insisted upon their inclusion because they other rebel factions so much other rebel factions . The way these rebel leaders portrayed Several rebel leaders only ISIS is completely excluded . " We saw recently how Aleppo was Several rebel leaders because of 200 fighters from Jabhat Fatah   . This is a fundamental condition for us that no group is excluded Several rebel leaders it Fatah    or not , no group said Mamoun     a member of the Free Syrian Army ’s political council . In other words , he ’s a    official from Mamoun    a member of the Free Syrian Army top " moderate " group the Obama administration viewed as America ’s indispensable allies in Syria . These developments are an utter disaster for Obama ’s Syria policy   — Obama or Syria a big success , if the goal of those policies was to humiliate the United States and eliminate American America Middle East . Russia , Turkey , and Iran are openly stating they ’re shoving the U. S. aside to Russia, Turkey, and Iran decisive action on the Syrian crisis , thus cementing the    view of the Syrian civil war as a terrorist horror the Obama administration unnecessarily prolonged by supporting the wrong side . To drive that point home , Reuters quotes Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov saying the U. S. would be allowed to join the U. S. sometime after    Donald Trump takes office . There are still some major disagreements between Russia , Iran , Turkey , and the Assad regime to be worked out , let alone whatever the rebel factions demand once peace talks begin in earnest . Turkey wants all foreign forces out of Syria , with Turkey Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu specifically mentioning Iran ’s proxies , Lebanese Hezbollah . Iran may want Iran forces to remain in place , Iran enforcers of all foreign forces out of Syria, with Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu specifically mentioning Iran’s proxies, Lebanese Hezbollah in a newly divided postwar Syria . Turkey is also extremely upset by U. S. support Syria Turkey forces in Syria . The United States has long supported the Kurdish YPG Syria as    proxy forces against the Islamic State , while Turkey views them as terrorist allies of the Kurdish separatists Turkey Turkey . the Kurdish YPG militia Turkey 