Todd Seavey writes about what the revelations in the new documentary film " Clinton Cash " based on Peter Schweizer ’s bestselling book by the same name , says about Hillary Clinton ’s character . [ To give a stark example , there comes a point when you should stop saying , " Hillary Clinton’s character ’s a good guy who loves the Communist Party ’s firm hand , but I think some of Hillary Clinton’s character political projects work out badly " and start saying , " Hillary Clinton’s character ’s the kind of brutal monster who loves watching farms collectivized and dissidents shoved into gulags . "   To give a more mainstream example , yesterday at Cannes was the premiere ( in between unannounced fake    drills featuring ISIS flags and    realistic soldiers , but that ’s a scandal for another time ) of the documentary Clinton Cash , and even MSNBC says even MSNBC shockingly connects the dots , powerfully suggesting the Clinton Foundation is a vast    machine by which the Clintons serve foreign dictators ( with some $ 100 million reportedly coming in from Middle East autocrats alone ) . Some of the most decent , warmhearted political thinkers in the world —   including friends of mine —   would say that we ought to weigh Clinton ’s policy views and foundation activities without regard to theories about Clinton motivations or personality . But is that really making the wisest use of available evidence , including evidence about Clinton psyche ? Is it so hard to believe that while we should never leap to the conclusion we enemies are jerks , our enemies might in fact turn out to be jerks ? Are n’t the best theories the ones that most efficiently explain all the available evidence , sometimes evidence drawn from psychology , as Jonathan Haidt well knows ? There ’s a point at which it ’s irresponsible to avoid the dawning realization your neighbor is a serial killer , and I think we ’re way past the point at which we should ’ve realized as a society that most politicians are sociopathic ,    predators , the Clintons plainly among most politicians . ( And Trump ’s top advisor practically works for Putin , so none of the above should be met with the    " So you like Trump ? " I do not , and Trump psychological problems may be even more obvious . ) Read the rest here . Watch the Clinton Cash trailer below : 
 