Because the DC Media is n’t already seen as an elitist , incestuous club for bubbled Leftists , the Washington Post thought it would be a good idea to have one of the Washington Post reporters interview one of the Washington Post own reporters about how mean Donald Trump ’s supporters are to Donald Trump’s supporters .   Yes , you read that correctly , the Washington Post ’s precious little snowflakes are now interviewing their fellow precious little snowflakes about their own their feelings . In less than 24 hours , this is the third piece I ’ve written about our crybaby media whining about getting jeered . And this is this because this is exactly how our corrupt media coordinates narratives to destroy Republicans . Cue the violins for the Washington Post snowflakes who are now reaping what they sow : Chris Cillizza : Over the weekend , NBC ’s Katy Tur tweeted about how Trump ’s rhetoric during his speeches Trump leading to some very aggressive responses from his supporters Trump the media covering him . Trump Have you experienced anything like that ? And have you noticed a    of either Trump ’s Trump rhetoric or the reactions it causes Trump his backers Trump Jenna Johnson :     …      Trump seemed Trump have dialed back his comments Trump reporters   —    he still Trump us scum , dishonest and the worst people he has Trump met , but he stopped Trump out specific reporters at rallies and instructing his crowds Trump not trust those specific people . In the past week , we are us again spending more time at huge rallies , often in southern states , where it ’s easier for someone to shout something nasty and then disappear into the crowd    …     . But all of those positive interactions can be easily forgotten when a reporter is verbally attacked at a rally or on Twitter , as is often the case . The few bad experiences that I have had pale in comparison to what several of my fellow reporters have experienced . Television reporters like Tur and Sara Murray from CNN are some of the most visible Trump reporters and that has made them the some of the most visible Trump reporters targets . Last month , Sopan Deb from CBS was accosted by a Trump supporter Trump a rally in Reno who accused Deb of Sopan Deb from CBS for Islamic State terrorists . Then the    Johnson complains about how hard her dream   Johnson is : We rarely sleep in our own We and usually get only a few hours of sleep per night . We rarely We our relatives We friends or significant others and have missed so many birthday parties , weekend brunches and special milestones in the lives of the people we love We We struggle We not gain weight as we piece We meals at arena concession stands , airport food courts and gas stations . We work We to accurately and fairly cover Trump ’s candidacy . And while we all have thick skin , it ’s not easy to be attacked for simply doing our jobs   —    especially when comments focus on our looks our not our work our You get the picture . Of course no mention is made of the fact that the Washington Post and the rest of the DC Media have spent near a decade taunting and provoking Trump ’s supporters . From what I wrote yesterday : For almost a decade , primarily to protect Barack Obama and push his destructive Barack Obama , the DC the DC Media taunted and provoked these same people . Simply for disagreeing with Obama ’s agenda , Barack Obama Americans have been smeared as racists , xenophobes , homophobes , stupid ,    sexists ,    and even compared to    and Nazis . And then there is this breathtaking hypocrisy   …     . Keep in mind that this is the exact same made that ensured President Obama paid no political Barack Obama his team accused Mitt Romney of Barack Obama in 2012 the exact same media that looked the other way when Obama said , " If they Barack Obama a knife to the fight , we bring a gun " and " argue with neighbors , get in their face " the exact same they that downplayed the beating Kenneth Gladney just hours after a top Obama official called on supporters to Barack Obama Hit back twice as hard . " Yes , these are now the very same people playing     with Trump because a couple of yahoos at his rally are hating them right Trump . Again , a couple of yahoos at his rally ’m in no way condoning calling anyone else a " bitch , but if you do n’t want to be called names , do n’t start it   —    do n’t provoke with your own hateful   . Thus far , it has been only female reporters it complaining about being jeered by Trump supporters . Last year , Trump Guthrie needed protection mean old from Rand Paul .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 