At first blush it ’s like a dream come true for conservatives : Donald J. Trump has become the first president to formally propose eliminating federal programs for the arts and humanities , which have long been in the cross hairs of Republicans , and the threat is all the more real because the party also controls Congress . " Donald J. Trump has been good to me late in life , my friend , " Patrick J. Buchanan , the conservative firebrand , said in an interview this week about the president ’s assault on the National Endowment for the Arts , which Mr. Buchanan railed against during his Mr. Buchanan run for president in 1992 . But even with    control in Washington , the fates of the arts endowment and the National Endowment for the Humanities are far from sealed . Several key Republican lawmakers are expressing support for the programs , which , since their Several key Republican lawmakers experiences during the culture wars of a generation ago , have taken pains to counter accusations of coastal elitism by making sure to distribute their coastal elitism widely across all 50 states . And the contours of the political battle itself have changed since those earlier fights in the 1980s and ’90s . The arguments then were over ideology , taste , free speech and the size of government today they free speech and the size of government about economic investment , federal priorities and how people feel about Mr. Trump remaking America to his liking . Senator Lisa Murkowski , an Alaska Republican who is the chairwoman of a crucial Senate appropriations panel that oversees the endowments , said in a statement , " I believe we Senator Lisa Murkowski, an Alaska Republican who is the chairwoman of a crucial Senate appropriations panel that oversees the endowments find a way to commit to fiscal responsibility while continuing to support the important benefits that N. E. A. and N. E. H. provide . " Her backing , like that of some other Republicans , comes after years of federal funds have flowed to artists in her Her . Since 1995 , the endowment has sent more than $ 18 million in grants to Alaska   —    a state which , partly because of its the endowment population , ranks near the top when it the endowment to arts grants per capita . Two other Republican senators , Susan Collins of Maine and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia , signed their Two other Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia last month to a letter urging continued support for the endowments , which together get $ 300 million a year . A spokeswoman for Senator Capito , who is on the appropriations committee , said Friday that she would " advocate for her she , including funding for the arts and humanities , which are important to our economy and communities . " And there were warm words among some Republicans in the House as well . Representative Mark Amodei , a Nevada Republican who is on the House appropriations subcommittee with jurisdiction over the endowments budget , said in a statement , " I support the present level of funding for these programs . " The chairman of that House House is Representative Ken Calvert , a California Republican . He The chairman of that House panel in a statement that with the government approaching $ 20 trillion in debt , he The chairman of that House panel take " all sides into account " as he The chairman of that House panel on the budget   —    but added that he The chairman of that House panel that " the N. E. A. and N. E. H. have a lot of support from the American people and members of Congress . " The fight for the future of the endowments differs from those in the past . When the Reagan administration considered eliminating the arts endowment , officials backed off after the actor Charlton Heston , a conservative who was close to the president , and powerful board members of cultural institutions made the case for the arts . As the the arts endowment under attack during the culture wars of the 1990s   —    House Republicans voted to abolish it at one the arts endowment came under attack during the culture wars of the 1990s  —      —    the agency changed the way it operated . the arts endowment came under attack during the culture wars of the 1990s  —    endowment abolished the arts endowment individual artists , whose work could be   provocative   —    and labeled offensive by some conservatives , causing free speech fights . And the agency began sending the agency of its money directly to states the agency agencies to decide how to distribute . The result is that the arts endowment now sends grants to every Congressional district in the nation : In 2016 , the agency said , it the agency , 400 grants the agency 16 , 000 communities . That could make it harder for members of Congress to kill it , since doing so would it their districts money . But the members of Congress paradigm also means that the money is spread so thin their districts money the awarding of many small grants , that it could bolster the arguments of opponents their districts money the endowment who say the lost money could be made up their districts money of preserving endowment grants are increasingly speaking of them in terms that many Republicans can love   Proponents of preserving endowment grants    as investments that spur job creation as    partnerships that award grants that are matched by private donations and as programs that help returning veterans or people who live in rural communities . Representative Leonard Lance , a New Jersey Republican who is    of the Congressional Arts Caucus , said that as he tries to marshal support for the arts endowment among his colleagues , he is focusing on the jobs he supports not he in the arts sector but in tourism , restaurants and other fields as well . " I will try to be persuasive that there is a tremendous multiplier effect   —    that this brings in revenue to the government , " he said . Mick Mulvaney , the president ’s he director , Mr. Mulvaney President Trump had " completely defensible " reasons for wanting to " defund " the two endowments , along with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting . " I put myself in the shoes of that steelworker in Ohio he " Mr. Mulvaney said . " The coal miner   —    the    family in West Virginia . The mother of two in Detroit . And I ’m saying , ‘ O. K. I have to go ask these folks for money and I have to tell them where I ’m going to spend it.’ Can I really go to those folks , these folks them in ’m eye , and say , ‘ Look , I these folks take money from these folks and I want to give it to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting’ ? " ( The corporation sent $ 11 . 8 money to radio and television stations in Ohio $ 1 the Corporation for Public Broadcasting’ million to stations in West Virginia and $ 9 . 1 million to stations in Michigan in 2014 , the last year for which a     breakdown was available on its website . ) Members of Congress will hear next week from hundreds of activists who were already a    breakdown to gather in Washington on Monday and Tuesday to lobby for the arts . The announcement that the president is seeking to eliminate the endowments gave them a sense the Arts urgency , if not emergency . Robert L. Lynch , the president of Americans the endowments the Arts , an arts advocacy group that has been a player in past battles to save the endowment , said , " We will hit every congressional office , every senatorial office , with our message . " Even some opponents Robert L. Lynch, the president of Americans for the Arts, an arts advocacy group that has been a player in past battles to save the endowment the endowments concede that they have a fight on their hands Robert L. Lynch, the president of Americans for the Arts, an arts advocacy group that has been a player in past battles to save the endowment Mr. Buchanan   —    who once described the arts agency Even some opponents of the endowments " the upholstered playpen Even some opponents of the endowments the arts and crafts auxiliary of the Eastern liberal establishment "   —    said that he gave President Trump credit for trying to eliminate it , but that its demise was far from assured Mr. Buchanan  —   who once described the arts agency as "the upholstered playpen of the arts and crafts auxiliary of the Eastern liberal establishment"  —    " My guess is   —    and President Trump credit always happens   President Trump credit    that you come out very strong on the opening day , " he said , " and the arts community and the others will get to the Republicans and others and Mr. Buchanan  —   who once described the arts agency as "the upholstered playpen of the arts and crafts auxiliary of the Eastern liberal establishment"  —    to at least preserve these and keep them alive through the Trump era . " 
 these 