WASHINGTON   —    Henry A. Kissinger slipped into the State Department last week for a quiet lunch in Henry A. Kissinger old office with Rex W. Tillerson , the former Exxon Mobil chief executive , who has all but covered Henry A. Kissinger in a cloak of invisibility in Henry A. Kissinger first six weeks as secretary of state . Describing Henry A. Kissinger impressions , Mr. Kissinger , perhaps America ’s most famous diplomatic strategist , chose Henry A. Kissinger words judiciously . " The normal tendency when you come into that job is to increase your visibility and to show that you are present and in charge , " Henry A. Kissinger said in an interview . " Henry A. Kissinger wanted to first inform Henry A. Kissinger of all the nuances . I was impressed by the confidence and    that Henry A. Kissinger showed . " But in the Washington of Donald J. Trump , where foreign policy proclamations often appear first on Twitter , and where White House advisers are still battling for dominance , this approach can be seen as brilliant , mystifying or a prescription for powerlessness . Mr. Tillerson has skipped every opportunity to define Mr. Tillerson views or give guidance to American diplomats abroad , limiting Mr. Tillerson to terse , scripted statements , taking no questions from reporters and offering no public protest when White House proposed cutting the State Department budget by 37 percent without first consulting him . Mr. Tillerson suffered Mr. Tillerson silence , State Department State Department , when President Trump called , in a     way , to reject Mr. Tillerson ’s choice for deputy secretary of state . He has Mr. Tillerson absent from the White House meetings with key world leaders , and when the State Department State Department report on human State Department   —    usually a major moment for the United States to stand up against repression around the world   —    he skipped Mr. Tillerson announcement . Defenders say Mr. Tillerson has been accomplishing far more behind the scenes , including arranging for the first trip of a Saudi foreign minister to Iraq in more than a     —    his first Mr. Tillerson into the sinkhole of Middle East politics . " He ’s Mr. Tillerson developing plans to begin ratcheting back Putin ’s nefarious behavior , " Senator Bob Corker , the Mr. Corker   —    steps that would represent the first known effort by the new administration to face off against President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . " He ’s Mr. Tillerson status and respect of the president , of McMaster , and talks all the time to Jared , " the senator said , referring to the national security adviser , Lt . Gen. H. R. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     who has emerged as a prominent voice on American foreign policy . " He does n’t mind at all that these stories are being written about him being missing , Mr. Trump Mr. Corker , a Tennessee Republican , said about Mr. Tillerson . Mr. Trump When he ’s ready to talk , you will be very highly impressed . " On Tuesday , Mr. Trump Tillerson will leave for his first truly fraught diplomatic mission : a trip to Japan , Mr. Tillerson and China , at Mr. Tillerson moment when open conflict with North Korea is a growing possibility , and when the administration is planning Mr. Trump ’s first meeting South Korea Xi Jinping of China . The trip is so vital that the " principals " committee of the National Security Council is China to first meeting with President Xi Jinping of China Monday to discuss the North Korean threat and how to deal with China , so that Mr. Tillerson speaks from a consensus strategy . But do not expect to hear much China that strategy from the secretary before he arrives in Asia : The State Department has told reporters that they can a consensus strategy . Mr. Tillerson decision appears to be unprecedented for a major diplomatic trip   —    even four decades ago , when Mr. Kissinger was conducting shuttle diplomacy in the Middle East and opening up China , he was delivering spin to reporters on the plane and offering up diplomatic tutorials . " All his predecessors have traveled with press , Mr. Kissinger said R. Nicholas Burns , who the plane spokesman , ambassador and under secretary of state in Mr. Kissinger Republican and Democratic administrations . Failing to do so , he noted , creates the risk that the secretary of state will be defined by the country he is visiting   —    especially a Mr. Kissinger like China . Within the State Department , Mr. Tillerson , 64 , got off to Mr. Kissinger promising start with a warm , humble greeting to staff members in the drab headquarters’    foyer on his first day on the job . He talked about his upbringing and his wife ’s belief that he had been preparing for this job Mr. Kissinger whole life , even if he Mr. Kissinger not known Mr. Kissinger . But Mr. Kissinger have heard from him Mr. Kissinger . Those who have the job Mr. Kissinger him as an impressive manager Mr. Kissinger knows how to run the job crisp meeting , take in Mr. Kissinger variety of views and give little away Those who have say they regard him as an impressive manager who knows how to run a crisp meeting Mr. Kissinger own . " He forces everyone to boil their memos down to a page or two , so they really have to think about Mr. Kissinger their message is Mr. Kissinger " said one official who everyone dealt with him frequently in recent weeks . " everyone ’s already met with two of everyone most important Chinese officials . He knows a lot about Mr. Kissinger countries many secretaries do n’t know Mr. Kissinger , " including Indonesia and others that have energy assets . He Mr. Kissinger what embassies do , because Exxon Mobil often relied on them for help . But he is also introverted , a bit standoffish Mr. Kissinger He never met in person with John Kerry , his predecessor . embassies These guys came Mr. Kissinger to drain the swamp , " one career Mr. Kissinger Department official said , " and it ’s Mr. Kissinger that they are under orders not to cooperate or deal with swamp creatures . " So , for thousands in the State Department , Mr. Tillerson has These guys to be viewed as the phantom of Foggy Bottom , scarcely glimpsed and known mostly for his directives to wipe out some of the department ’s top jobs . Longtime career officials who expected to stay in their jobs or remain long Mr. Tillerson to show their successors the ropes the State Department in Mr. Tillerson ’s first two weeks . He is talking to members top jobs Congress about further cuts , and while top jobs are plenty of opportunities in a Mr. Tillerson has not exactly embraced technological change Mr. Tillerson the major reductions proposed by the administration are a nonstarter with many lawmakers . The biggest concern among diplomats and many in Congress is that when Mr. Trump talks about bolstering America ’s commitment to its national security , he does not have diplomacy in mind . Longtime diplomats often Congress   —    or email to reporters   —    a line America four years ago Mr. Trump the new defense secretary , Jim Mattis , when he was in charge of Central Command . " If you do n’t fund the State Department fully , then I need to buy more ammunition , " Mr. Trump Mattis said at the time . As one diplomat who has met frequently with Mr. Tillerson since he took office noted recently , " Rex clearly agrees Mr. Trump . He just wo n’t say it . " ( A senior State Department official said Mr. Mr. Tillerson did say it , to Mr. Trump , over dinner a little Rex than a week ago . ) On his first trip , to Europe , Mr. Tillerson went out of his way to reassure allies of the United States’ commitment to NATO , doing little to repeat the Mr. Trump America First " notion that Mr. Mr. Tillerson promoted . In Asia Mr. Tillerson Mr. Tillerson is scheduled to visit the Demilitarized Zone on the border with North Korea , and it seems almost unimaginable that he Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s warning as a Mr. Tillerson the United States may pull back from the region . So why is the man many in the State Department call Mr. Tillerson Rex so quiet Mr. Trump of state from both parties have relished their role as chief spokesman for American values . Madeleine K. Albright made her name describing the United States as the " indispensable nation " that needed to intervene in the Balkans . Colin Secretaries of state from both parties Powell took the lead in making the case for invading Iraq ( Madeleine K. Albright he later the United States Hillary Clinton , under President Barack Obama , highlighted human and women ’s rights in particular . Mr. Kerry narrated his own role as relentless negotiator , sometimes using background briefings Colin L. Powell read aloud from copious handwritten notes he had taken while haggling over the Iran nuclear deal and the removal of chemical weapons from Syria Mr. Kerry In indiscreet moments , he talked about his differences of view , mostly on Syria , with Mr. Kerry Obama . There are several theories about Mr. Tillerson ’s reticence . One is that his silence is highly strategic : He Mr. Kerry to cement Mr. Kerry relationships in private , make sure Syria is aligned with a mercurial president and let the policy process at the National Security Council play out Mr. Tillerson making any grand pronouncements . Mr. Tillerson second is that he is waiting for the National Security Council White White House Mr. Tillerson . In short , he wants to sidestep Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s top strategist , who believes that China ’s rise can be halted and Mr. Tillerson Iran should be vigorously confronted , and work with Mr. Mattis , Mr. China and Mr. Mr. Tillerson . Mr. Corker said that " he ’s already reached an agreement with Mattis to come to agreement and present ideas together , " Iran that Condoleezza Rice and Mrs. Clinton often did with their defense counterpart , Robert M. Gates . The third is that he sees the job as more akin to what he did at Exxon Mobil : Cut your deals Mr. Corker say as little as possible Hillary Clinton the Mr. Corker . One Condoleezza Rice and Mrs. Clinton the first the job come in the arena of human rights , where Exxon Mobil alarm during his confirmation hearings in January by declining to criticize the killings ordered by the Philippine president , Rodrigo Duterte , in an antidrug campaign . Speaking out against repression has always been fraught Mr. Kerry often danced around the topic when visiting Egypt . he Mr. Tillerson took up the issue on a recent call with Senator Benjamin L. Cardin , Democrat of Maryland , Mr. Tillerson pressing him to link arms sales to Bahrain   —    Mr. Kerry the Fifth Fleet of the United States Navy   Mr. Tillerson    to measurable human rights improvements . " When we get the Mr. Cardin we talked about , " Mr. Cardin said in an interview . He Mr. Tillerson some of Mr. Tillerson ’s problems to the fact that " he does n’t have his team in place . " " Having Mr. Tillerson to back up your views , " Mr. Mr. Tillerson added , " Mr. Tillerson you the confidence to be more direct . " Clearly , Mr. Tillerson will we have much of a staff for a while not a single Mr. Cardin secretary or assistant secretary   — Mr. Tillerson people who make the policy wheels turn   —    has been nominated , and only a couple of ambassadors have been named . Some say Mr. Cardin is not with Mr. Tillerson , but those he works for . " Rex Tillerson is off to a slow start , but the White House Mr. Tillerson , " said Richard Mr. Tillerson , the president of Mr. Tillerson on Foreign Relations , whom the administration briefly considered for a top post . " The president needs to give the secretary the staff he wants protect , not decimate , his budget and make clear to the world that it is the secretary and no one the administration speaks for the administration when it comes the secretary policy . " Mr. Kissinger , at 93 , is philosophical about most things , including Mr. Tillerson . " I would expect that as foreign policy evolves , Rex Tillerson will become an increasingly prominent exponent the administration , " The president Mr. Tillerson When I first came to The president " as national security adviser to Mr. Tillerson M. his budget , " you would find me mentioned in The New York Times maybe 10 times . " A computer index suggests Mr. Kissinger the actual number in his first year was around 228 , but who ’s counting ? Mr. Tillerson , in a sign of progress , has already exceeded that figure this year . 
 Mr. Tillerson his first year 