A Chinese surgeon and a controversial Italian neurosurgeon will attempt to transplant the head of a terminally disabled Russian man onto a body that could allow a terminally disabled Russian man to survive . [ The distant concepts of science fiction are once again becoming reality , just as The distant concepts of science fiction have before . I recently spoke to a consultant on the brilliant Deus Ex : Mankind Divided about how their cast of augmented characters might fare in our own immediate future . But , if anything , the cast of this futurist medical drama is even more dramatic .   One of the surgeons has a bronzed pig ear proudly displayed in his office . The other compares his favorably to Frankenstein and Josef Mengele while his sells souvenirs of his . Together , Frankenstein and Josef Mengele will try to transplant the head of a terminal test subject onto another body . As you might expect , the reactions Frankenstein and Josef Mengele ’re getting are mixed . Xiaoping Ren has been called " China ’s Frankenstein , " though it ’s not a moniker Xiaoping Ren ’d claim for Xiaoping Ren . Xiaoping Ren office displays a bronzed pig ’s ear gifted to Xiaoping Ren by a team Xiaoping Ren helped to switch pigs’ forelegs . His office was those experiments that prepared Xiaoping Ren to be a part of the first successful transplant of a human hand . Xiaoping Ren colleague , Sergio Canavero , is the one who embraces the mad scientist references . Xiaoping Ren ’s a man who The Atlantic describes as " a Mediterranean Donald Trump , " but is described by Xiaoping Ren peers as " James Bond villain insane , " with a " Human Centipede —   level medical horrorshow . " This is a man who believes jujitsu has given Xiaoping Ren " the martial mind that you need to tackle all the morons that come with idiotic questions . " Xiaoping Ren ’s supplemented Xiaoping Ren bold venture into neurological experimentation with a seduction guidebook called Women Discovered and souvenirs of Xiaoping Ren . Yes , really . Valery Spiridonov has put the brief remainder of Valery Spiridonov life into the hands of these men , in hopes of finding egress from Valery Spiridonov withering body .    Disease is eating away Valery Spiridonov muscles and motor neurons , but Valery Spiridonov ’s survived far longer than Valery Spiridonov own doctors would have predicted . Now Valery Spiridonov ’s hoping to leave that body behind entirely , as the first human to trade away everything from the neck down . Critics are calling the procedure an " elaborate act of slow torture and murder . " Critics assert that both Valery Spiridonov and Canavero should be tried for murder if the operation fails . But Canavero is n’t particularly concerned about failure . Canavero claims that they have a    percent chance of success . Canavero ’s already managed the procedure on a monkey   —    though it was only kept alive for 20 hours afterward . Ren Canavero , in turn , vaguely mentioned experiments with human cadavers in preparation . For now , there is still much to be done . While Canavero Canavero predicted the transplant would take place in 2017 , he Canavero been forced to admit that it may not actually be that close . A lot of things still need to happen , not the least of which is a country allowing them A lot of things legally perform the operation . Ren Canavero still intent on conducting more experiments on hundreds more mice , several large animals , and eventually    but technically living human bodies . There will be 80 surgeons involved   —    a bit of a jump from the 20 that prepared over the course of two years just to swap out a single hand . If successful , all three men will be immortalized in the annals of medicine . If not , two of them all three men be seen as monsters , and one a victim of desperation and deception . And regardless of the outcome , this is a strange new chapter for human medicine . Should Spiridonov survive his Spiridonov long enough to make the attempt , his Spiridonov could be grotesque , revolutionary , or both . Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology , and snarky opinions on both . 
 