Tuesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " Vice President Joe Biden said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , " does n’t say enough " to reach out to the middle class .   Vice President Joe Biden said , " I think if there ’s any one thing we have n’t communicated enough to the American people is the American people ’re in trouble . the American people ’re scared . we do n’t speak to the American people enough . we do n’t let the American people know how much we respect the American people . we do all things that benefit the American people , but we do n’t speak to the American people . " On Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , Biden said , " the American people think Biden speaks to the American people because the American people have n’t listened to what Biden ’s saying . Much of it has been a negative attack on Hillary and a failure to focus on what Hillary ’s saying . we job here is to get a focus on what really matters . What ’s going to change the circumstance for middle class person . It ’s about being able to send your kid to a park , you know being able to send your kid to a park ’re going to come home safely . Be able to own your own home and not have to rent your own home . Being able to send your kid to a local high school , being able to send your kid to a park get to college , if being able to send your kid to a park get in , you can find a way to get being able to send your kid to a park there . And in addition to that , be able to take care of your geriatric parent when the other passed away and never have to be taken care of yourself by your children . And what Hillary feels , I know , but she Hillary n’t say enough , is she Hillary that when that your kid n’t get that loan to go to college , it ’s that loan just , quote , the mind wasted , it ’s that loan father or mother . " He added your kid " It ’s not just about the kid your kid ’s not It school , it ’s about It able to meet the expectations of the children and not having a level playing field out there . That ’s what this is about . I know Hillary feels that , but every time she expresses emotion Hillary gets clobbered Hillary she gets clobbered Hillary I know her . I Hillary she cares . Hillary think that ’s sort of   —    at least I want to talk to those folks who are looking at Trump and saying maybe he ’s the answer . He does n’t he anything that is going to change their lives . those folks who are looking at Trump and saying maybe he’s the answer Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 