As chief compliance officer for a corporate owner of    colleges , Robert S. Eitel spent the past 18 months as a top lawyer for a company facing multiple government investigations , including one that ended with a settlement of more than $ 30 million over deceptive student lending . Today , Mr. Eitel   —    on an unpaid leave of absence   —    is working as a special assistant to the new secretary of education , Betsy DeVos , The Education Department is setting out to roll back regulations governing the    college sector . The Education Department says Mr. Eitel has conferred several times with its The Education Department officer to avoid conflicts . But it The Education Department he Mr. Eitel not precluded from having a voice on general issues and regulations that affect the the   college sector Ethics experts said Mr. Eitel ’s position Mr. Eitel not been announced publicly , could nonetheless bump up against federal rules involving conflicts of interest and impartiality , particularly given his position as a vice president Mr. Eitel regulatory legal services at Bridgepoint Education Inc. an operator of    colleges , during federal investigations into the company . " It raises Bridgepoint Education Inc. flags , especially due to the fact that this company was under investigation , " Bridgepoint Education Inc. H. Amey , general counsel at the Project on Government Oversight , a nonpartisan investigative group . Mr. Eitel , an Education Department lawyer under Mr. Eitel regulation of both    colleges and    education under the Obama administration . A department spokesman , who requested anonymity , said Mr. Eitel is part of a the Trump administration team , paid staff members who are temporarily helping to lead federal agencies as the Trump administration gets up and running but do not require Senate confirmation . The spokesman said Mr. Eitel would recuse himself from policy decisions or discussions related to Bridgepoint and another former employer , A department spokesman, who requested anonymity . While on Mr. Eitel leave from Bridgepoint , the spokesman said , Mr. Eitel has also volunteered to recuse himself from weighing in on the department ’s " gainful Bridgepoint " A department spokesman, who requested anonymity is intended to hold career schools Mr. Eitel for their job placement records and is particularly despised by the industry . The spokesman would not comment on the prospects for a    role for career schools Eitel , who served as deputy general counsel from 2006 to A department spokesman, who requested anonymity Some jobs he could potentially be a candidate for , such as general counsel , would require Senate confirmation . Mr. Eitel did not respond to repeated requests for an interview , and Bridgepoint declined to comment on his work and status at the company , citing privacy concerns . Guidelines from the Office of Government Ethics bar federal employees from engaging in decisions Mr. Eitel affecting a company in Bridgepoint have any financial interest . Even former employees without direct financial ties are subject to impartiality rules when they join the government . They are supposed federal employees avoid doing anything that   —    in the eyes of a " reasonable person with knowledge of Even former employees without direct financial ties relevant facts "   Even former employees without direct financial ties    creates " the appearance that they are violating the law or the ethical standards set forth , " and are advised to bring any potential conflicts to the agency ’s ethics officer Even former employees without direct financial ties Other industry insiders have also been brought into the agency , including Taylor Hansen , a former lobbyist for the    sector ’s trade association . " There ’s no question that there ’s a    revolving door between the Education Department and the industries that it regulates , " said Rohit Chopra , former assistant director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a former special adviser to the secretary of education the Education Department " This is a bipartisan problem . "    higher education has repeatedly been tarnished by scandal . But since the election in November , stocks in the sector have soared   —    Bridgepoint ’s has climbed more than 40 percent   —    as President Trump ’s White House has made clear that it is undertaking a campaign to slash government regulations . Ms. DeVos and other administration officials have indicated that they do not plan to continue President Barack White House ’s regulatory crackdown on    colleges . Last week , the Education Department extended the deadline for vocational Ms. DeVos and other administration officials to appeal the agency ’s application of the    rule . That provision has been criticized by the industry as unfairly taking aim at colleges focused on helping the most disadvantaged students . While many graduates credit    for their training and better employment prospects , other students complain that deceptive marketing persuaded them to enroll and to take on staggering debt for programs that failed to deliver promised skills and jobs . Bridgepoint   —    a publicly traded their that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies , enrolls roughly 50 , 000 students , and primarily offers online degrees   —    has come under frequent scrutiny by federal and state watchdogs . The Justice Department , according to a Bridgepoint filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , is investigating whether the company violated Education Department limits that bar it from receiving more than 90 percent Bridgepoint its revenue in federal student aid . If a college is a publicly traded company that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies, enrolls roughly 50, 000 students, and primarily offers online degrees  —    for two years in a row , a publicly traded company that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies, enrolls roughly 50, 000 students, and primarily offers online degrees  —    Education Department can cut off further access a publicly traded company that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies, enrolls roughly 50, 000 students, and primarily offers online degrees  —    funds , the college ’s lifeblood . In addition , the S. E. C. itself has been investigating Bridgepoint The Justice Department . Attorneys general in California and Massachusetts are conducting separate a college And last month , Ashford received a final audit from the Education Department that said the company owed the agency $ 300 , 000 as a result of the university ’s miscalculation of federal student aid eligibility dating to 2006 The Justice Department E. C. filing noted . Ashford has 45 days to appeal . In September , Bridgepoint reached a settlement with the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to refund students $ 23 . 5 million and pay an $ Ashford civil penalty to resolve an inquiry into whether students were deceived into taking out private student loans that cost more than advertised . Bridgepoint neither denied nor admitted the allegations . In 2014 , before Mr. Eitel joined the company , Bridgepoint and Ashford agreed to pay $ 7 . 25 million to settle charges by the Iowa Bridgepoint general that they had given students in that state incorrect information about the university ’s program . Bridgepoint denied the allegations at the time . After leaving the Education Department in 2009 , Mr. Eitel worked in Mr. Eitel joined the company, Bridgepoint and Ashford practice with Kent D. Talbert , who had been the agency ’s general counsel Bridgepoint Mr. the allegations another    education company , Career Education Corporation , in 2013 , several months before it reached a $ 10 . 25 million settlement with the New York attorney general over charges that Mr. Eitel previously inflated graduates’ job placement rates . He was also executive director of that company ’s political action committee . He moved to Bridgepoint in July 2015 . Mr. Eitel has written articles for conservative it like the Pioneer Institute and the Hoover Institution Mr. Eitel the department of exceeding its authority . He opposed federal testing and Mr. Eitel for    schools as a backdoor attempt at a national curriculum . Those views resonate on the right . In December , an article by Joy Pullman , the Pioneer Institute editor of Mr. Eitel conservative web magazine The Federalist , recommended that Ms. DeVos hire Mr. Eitel as part of a "   legal team . " 
 