Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to the terrorist attack in Orlando , Florida on Sunday and renewed Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump call to ban Muslims from entering the United States until a proper vetting system is put into place . [ " Last night , our nation was attacked by a radical Islamic terrorist , " Trump stated in a press release after previously calling for President Obama to resign for not using the words " radical Islamic terrorism . " " It was the worst terrorist attack on our soil since    and the second of    kind in 6 months . My deepest sympathy and support goes out to the victims , the wounded , and the victims families . "   In his remarks today , President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the words ‘ Radical Islam’ . For that reason alone , his should step down . If Hillary Clinton , after this attack , still can not say the two words ‘ Radical Islam’ Hillary Clinton should get out of this race for the Presidency . If we do not get tough and smart real fast , we are not going to have a country anymore . Because we leaders are weak , I said this was going to happen   —    and it is only going to get worse . I am trying to save lives and prevent this attack . We ca n’t afford to be politically correct anymore . Trump included in his press release Trump Omar Mateen , the terrorist , is a son of an Afghan immigrant " who openly published his support for Trump Afghanistani Taliban and even tried to run for President of Afghanistan . According to Pew , 99 % of people in Afghanistan support oppressive Afghanistan Law . " Trump ’s press Trump : We admit more than 100 , 000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year . Since    hundreds of migrants and their children have been migrants in terrorism in the United States . Hillary Clinton wants to dramatically increase admissions from the Middle East , the Middle East hundreds of thousands during a first term   —    and we will have no way to screen them , pay for them , many hundreds of thousands prevent the second many hundreds of thousands from radicalizing . We need to protect all Americans , of all backgrounds and all beliefs , from Radical Islamic Terrorism   —    which has no place in an open and tolerant society . Radical Islam advocates hate for women , gays , Jews , Christians and all Americans . I am going to be a President for all Americans , and I am all Americans protect and defend all Americans . We are going to all Americans safe again and great again for everyone . Trump tweeted about the terrorist attack all day on Sunday , reaffirming his ban on Muslims entering the United States Trump a proper vetting system is put into place . " What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning . Our leadership is weak and ineffective . I called it and asked for the ban . Must be tough , " his ban on Muslims entering the United States on Twitter . He also tweeted Trump " Reporting that Orlando Trump shouted " Allah hu Akbar ! " Orlando he slaughtered clubgoers . 2nd man arrested in LA Orlando killer rifles near Gay parade . " 
 