Debbie Wasserman Schultz , Chair of the Democratic National Committee has been dropped from the party ’s lineup of convention speakers following WikiLeaks’ release of explosive DNC emails showing members of the organization actively working against the Bernie Sanders campaign . [ A Democratic insider told CNN that Debbie Wasserman Schultz has been dropped from the lineup to " keep the peace " within the party’s , amid calls from Sanders’ campaign manager for someone at the DNC to be " held accountable " for the    collusion seen in the leaked emails .   That the   collusion seen in the leaked emails the leak of a Sanders campaign document to the Wall Street Journal as well as active attempts to harm Sanders’ Sanders’ with Southern Baptist Democrats by drawing attention to his atheism Sanders The DNC , and Wasserman Schultz in particular , came under heavy criticism from Sanders during Sanders primaries , during which he accused Sanders of The DNC, and Wasserman Schultz in particular favouritism to Hillary Clinton . In this , the WikiLeaks revelations have wholly vindicated him . Sanders to CNN , Democrat insiders hope that the absence of Schultz will Wasserman Schultz " chaos on the convention floor " from angry Sanders supporters Sanders Prior to the WikiLeaks the WikiLeaks revelations had been growing signs of unity between Clinton and Hillary Clinton , who endorsed his primary opponent in a    joint announcement earlier this month . However , persistent anger at Clinton and Hillary Clinton Democratic party establishment from his    Hillary Clinton now threatens unity at the convention . There the Republican National Convention be no sign of interest in the leaks fading , with the topic trending on Twitter for two days straight . After an initial hashtag , # DNCLeaks dropped off the trending list with users alleging    censorship from the platform , a second hashtag , # DNCLeak , was created , and trended well into yesterday afternoon . There were concerns leading into the Republican National Convention that # NeverTrump could cause chaos . In the end ,    disruption consisted of a    floor protest at the start of the convention , and Ted the Republican National Convention last stand at the end . If the leaks the end it looks like the Democrats’ convention could the leaks rather the Republican National Convention And according to Julian Assange , the leaks have only just begun    …      the leaks Peston on Sunday : ’More Clinton leaks to come’ ( June 12 ) https :   .   # DNCLeak ,   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 ,   You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook . Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart Allum Bokhari com . 
 