NEW YORK   —    A second poll from the Tar Heel state in as many days confirms that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is leading Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Democrat Hillary Clinton . [ This poll , from The Trafalgar Group ( TFG ) shows Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump up by about five percent over his Democrat Hillary Clinton —   specifically , a lead of 4 . 97 percent —   outside the survey ’s 2 . 88 percent margin of error . Trump , at 49 . 13 percent , leads his Democrat Hillary Clinton at 44 . 16 percent . Libertarian Gary Johnson gets 3 . 59 percent and the Green Party ’s Dr. Jill Stein gets 0 . 49 percent , while 2 . 63 percent are undecided . the survey was conducted from Oct. 27 through Nov. 1 , with a sample size of 1 , 154 likely voters . That means the poll was partially conducted before FBI director James Comey announced he FBI director James Comey reopening the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal .   Pollster Robert Cahaly , TFG ’s senior strategist , said that he FBI director James Comey there is a    undercurrent of Trump support in key battleground states . " It ’s our belief that there is a significant ‘ Brexit’ type undercurrent of support for Trump Trump many polls are not capturing , " Cahaly said . " We have been asking a second ballot test question to measure who survey takers believe most their takers will vote for . In our Ohio , Florida , and this North Carolina survey we find a consistent pattern of Clinton support dropping   % while Trump Trump increases 4 . . 5 % for this question . " " We believe the most accurate measure of support for each candidate is somewhere between how people answer for themselves people answer on behalf of their people , " Cahaly added . " Lastly we have noted that there will likely be a major influx of participation from registered voters who have n’t voted since 2006 or before , " Cahaly Cahaly said . " This mobilization is reminiscent to the Obama turnout of 2008 . These voters’ primary motivation is the rejection of the establishment , just as the Obama ’08 voters who rejected the establishment of that time . " Trump Trump even better than the original numbers when respondents are asked whom they respondents their respondents supports . In that question , Trump gets 54 percent even —   and Clinton drops to just 39 . 88 percent . This is the second survey in as many days that has shown Trump Trump through in North Carolina into the lead . The    poll out on Tuesday showed Trump Trump 50 percent for the first time in North North Carolina leading Clinton Clinton seven points —   well outside the margin of error . That the second survey in as many days that has shown Trump breaking through in North Carolina into the lead Trump Trump 51 percent to Clinton Clinton percent . This all comes as early voting numbers suggest that Clinton is Clinton serious trouble in the Tar Heel state , as the black community is not coming out to vote for her like Clinton did for President Barack Obama in 2012 and 2008 . Republican Mitt Romney won North Carolina in 2012 , but even Obama is admitting President Barack Obama President Barack Obama turnout in the state is way down . Obama is making two trips President Barack Obama North Carolina for Clinton in North Carolina week of the campaign , and the Clinton campaign has strategically made the campaign Waterloo as it ’s bringing out the the campaign firepower it the campaign there . North Carolina has 15 the campaign votes North Carolina if Trump can lock those in , along with Florida ’s 29 electoral votes —   as well as the states he already seems to have in Nevada , Ohio , and Iowa —   he will be , along with the red states he at around 265 electoral votes , just shy of the 270 mark . Trump is trending upward in polls in Michigan , Trump Hampshire , New Mexico , Pennsylvania , Colorado , Wisconsin and more in the final hours of a tumultuous campaign as Clinton finds herself under dueling FBI investigations . The FBI has Clinton the criminal investigation into Clinton FBI    email server she set up Clinton violation of State Department guidelines Clinton and has been —   as was confirmed by a bevy of reports on Wednesday evening —   investigating the Clinton Foundation for over a year now . 
 