British singer Adele urged fans attending British singer Adele concert in Miami Tuesday night not to vote for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , while Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton was in the audience on the eve of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton 69th birthday . [ " I am English but what happens in America affects me too , " British singer Adele told the crowd at American Airlines Arena in Miami , according to Entertainment Miami .   " Do n’t vote for him , " she added British singer Adele apparently referring Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton Trump . " I ca Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump vote but I am 100 percent for Hillary Clinton , I love Hillary Clinton she ’s amazing Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton " Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton NBC reporter Adam Kuperstein posted video on social media of Adele ’s endorsement : Adele with Hillary Clinton in attendance Adele’s Miami Hillary Clinton " Do n’t vote for him ! " @AAarena # Adele ( Hillary Clinton Aaron Resnick ) pic . twitter .    —    Adam Kuperstein ( @AdamNBC6 ) October 26 , 2016 ,   Adele had n’t previously weighed in on Adele’s 2016 presidential race , but the singer has become known for her    banter during concerts . It the singer immediately clear if Adele knew that Clinton was in the Adele’s Tuesday night . According to the Associated Press , journalists covering Clinton ’s campaign were not permitted to accompany Clinton inside the arena for the concert . Clinton was in South Florida earlier Tuesday for a Clinton of events , including a fundraiser at a home in Pinecrest and an early voting rally at Broward College in Coconut Creek , according to CBS Miami . The AP described Clinton ’s motorcade as having made a " surprise Clinton at the American Airlines Arena following the last fundraiser . " It ’s going to be a close election . Pay no attention to the polls . Do n’t be complacent , " Clinton reportedly told    at Broward College . " I Clinton asking you most importantly Broward College for yourselves because that is what is at stake . " Trump was also in Florida this week as polling stations across the state opened for early voting on Tuesday .    Follow Florida on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,    
 