Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " when asked about the voters issues with the lack of transparency of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton her running mate Democratic    nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) did not use the words trust or transparency in his   answer instead his said Clinton has a , " long track record of service in public life . "   Partial transcript as follows :   DICKERSON : Governor , in terms of the pitch you have to make to voters , I mean , I come up with it again and again in talking to voters . voters keep coming back to this trust issue . You mentioned this trust issue with respect to the debate . This is a key liability of Hillary Clinton ’s . What can you tell   —    not about a choice , but in terms of somebody who wants to be president , what can you tell voters , other than trust us , that Hillary Clinton is going to do to increase transparency and openness were she Hillary Clinton become president ? KAINE : Yes .   Well , here ’s what I say . Hillary Hillary Clinton a long track record of service in public life . And you can look at that . I tell the story about her Hillary Clinton first lady of the United States , when the effort to get Hillary Hillary Clinton failed , and that was a tough , tough , bitter loss , but then it tested her as Hillary Clinton leader . And she worked Hillary Clinton with Democrats and Republicans to get health insurance for eight million    American children in the CHIP program . The measure of character in somebody in public life , I think , is whether they have a passion for somebody other than themselves and they they keep they that passion a passion for somebody other than themselves are they or losing . Hillary has demonstrated that again and again .   And I think that ’s a sharp contrast to a Donald Trump , whose only recognized passion in his life has been for himself . No his president in this country has been primarily a    person . The great presidents are people who watch out for others , and that ’s who Hillary Clinton has been , that ’s who she is , Hillary Clinton that ’s who she will be Hillary Clinton DICKERSON : All right , Senator Kaine , we are going to have to leave it there . Thanks so much for being with us . KAINE we Absolutely Senator Kaine Good to be back . (   WFB ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 