Levin , declared , " I am not voting for Donald Trump . Period " and " count me as never Trump " on Friday .   Levin said that a couple of years ago , Donald Trump Senate Conservatives Fund contacted his publisher to buy old copies of his book , " Liberty   Tyranny " Levin promote membership , something he was Levin involved in . Levin defended this as " perfectly legitimate , " Levin done by many groups and Levin , and as far as he knew , was n’t bulk buying , and did n’t impact any lists . Levin further stated that whatever money he got from this sale was donated to charity Levin Levin then stated , " Levin Stone is a thug . He ’s a sleazeball Levin    …      And he ’s a hatchet man for Levin Trump . So he puts out this obscure Levin from this obscure website , that used that to Levin that I ’m bought and paid for by the establishment .    …      And in the article , they trash other people too , Beck    Erickson , I think this obscure article from this obscure website, that used that to claim that I’m bought and paid for by the establishment another fellow in there trashed , with these nutjob conspiracy theories , and just    lies . " Levin continued , " Now , there are sleazeballs , like him , sleazeballs like Coulter , and sleazeballs like some talk show hosts , and I Levin biting my tongue , who are so contemptible and pathetic , they want to use the most outrageous attacks on one of their colleagues to try and promote themselves . It ’s truly pathetic . " He then they , " Now , I they backed Cruz , and I ’m going Levin continue to back Cruz , but here ’s what I ’m going to ’m . As a result of Cruz the Trump supporters have attempted here ’m particularly Roger Stone , I am not voting for Donald Trump . Period .    …      And if anybody has a problem with that Trump Trump , you can talk to Roger Stone . These bully , dirty tricks , Nixonian Trump they ’re only going to backfire Roger Stone ’re only going to backfire . So , count me as These bully, dirty tricks, Nixonian tactics Trump . There ’s been too These bully, dirty tricks, Nixonian tactics of this folks , way too much of this . The Trump in the National Enquirer against Ted Cruz , the attacks on Michelle Fields , I mean , I can go right through the list , too much , too much , too much . At some point , you ’ve got to stand up to it . " Levin concluded , " And if they piss me off one more time , I ’m right through the list to urge millions and millions of you , should he get the nomination , not to vote for him either . " And " ‘ Ooh , Roger Levin has nothing to do with the campaign.’ Oh Levin he does . " (   The Right Levin Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 Levin 