The race for president continues be close with Democratic nominee Hillary R. Clinton leading Hillary R. Clinton GOP rival Donald J. Trump with 43 percent of the vote to his 40 percent , according to the    national presidential poll conducted Sept. 7 and Sept. 8 with 2 , 348 likely voters . [ " This is a snapshot of where The race for president stands just after Labor Day , the traditional beginning of the presidential race ’s serious phase , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , the    firm that executed the poll .   The the poll conducted using automated phone calls and the results were weighted to match a proprietary turnout model . The poll the poll 2 percent margin of error at a 95 percent confidence level . " We also see that both convention bounces have regressed to the mean , " he said . In addition to Clinton and Trump , Libertarian Gary Johnson has the support of 7 percent of likely voters followed by Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein with less than 1 percent . In the Aug. 10    poll , Clinton held a Clinton percent to 37 percent edge over Trump . In the    poll conducted Aug. 22 and Aug. 23 , Clinton ’s lead Clinton to 42 percent over Trump ’s 41 percent Trump one point margin is now 2 . 3 points in the most recent survey . Johnson ’s support moved from 4 percent in the poll taken Aug. 22 and Aug. 23 to 7 percent in the most recent poll . In the 2012 presidential election , President Barack Obama beat Republican Mitt Romney , 51 percent to Romney ’s 47 percent . Both Clinton and Trump are lagging behind their party ’s last nominees Both Clinton and Trump both by roughly 6 . 5 points . Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell told Breitbart News that he senses that the race Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell settling with neither the Clinton nor the Trump campaign Clinton to break Trump of the current deadlock . Respondents were also asked about their attitudes about candidates . Respondents said it was significant Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell 37 Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell of voters said Trump was sincere in his Trump for the inner Trump and 54 percent said it was a ploy to win votes . " Trump ’s numbers were very Trump Clinton ’s , which surprised me , " he said . Forty percent said Clinton ’s concern for inner cities Clinton with 51 percent saying it was a ploy to win votes Clinton’s concern for inner cities One of the concerns with polling in the 2016 cycle is the suspicion that polls are underreporting the strength of the Trump vote , because voters are Trump to social pressures against Trump . The    poll asked Trump voters knew individuals personally planning to vote for Trump , but would not say Trump publicly .    percent of likely voters responded : Yes and 41 percent said : No . Only 26 percent of likely voters said they knew someone personally , who was Only 26 percent of likely voters for Clinton , but afraid to say so in public . Asked about how the candidates are treated by the media , 44 percent said the media treats Clinton more positively than the media , Clinton to only 25 percent of respondents who said Trump was getting positive treatment from Trump media —   52 percent said Trump is treated negatively compared to Trump . 
 