Many in the Washington establishment are urging    Donald Trump to choose Mitt Romney for Secretary of State , but Conway is giving the grassroots    movement a voice . [ " It ’s just breathtaking in scope and intensity the type of messages I have received from all over the country , " Conway explained in an interview with CNN ’s Dana Bash on Sunday . Bash questioned Conway about Dana Bash decision Conway stand Conway for the grassroots Trump supporters who were outraged by the idea of Romney serving in Trump ’s administration .   " Receiving deluge of social media   private comms re : Romney Some Trump loyalists Romney against Romney as sec of Romney , " she wrote on Twitter Romney Thanksgiving . During her interview with CNN Romney Conway went further , saying that Trump ’s loyal supporters would feel " betrayed " if Trump gave Romney a Trump position Romney " As his former campaign manager Romney the number of people who feel betrayed to think that a Governor Romney would Romney prominent Cabinet post , after he went so far out of Romney way to hurt Donald Trump Romney " she explained . Romney attacked Trump publicly and personally Romney multiple Trump , accusing Trump of fueling "   racism Trump if he won , and calling him Romney " phony " and Trump " fraud . " On a Fox Business interview in March , Romney said he could n’t vote Romney Trump Romney " I can not Trump good conscience vote for a person who has been as degrading , disruptive and unhinged as I ’ve seen Donald Trump be , " he Trump On March 18 Romney Romney signaled support for Ted Cruz Romney Trump ’s last opponent in the Republican Trump . " Trumpism has become associated with racism , misogyny , bigotry , xenophobia , vulgarity and , most recently , threats and violence , " he wrote on Facebook . " Romney am repulsed by each and every one of these . " Conway added that Romney ’s league of former staffers Romney also adamantly against Trump , writing nasty things about him on Twitter . " Their Twitter Trump were complete 100 percent Twitter , " she said . Romney , she added Conway was Romney loser , Conway lost big in his own presidential run , proving Romney his political instincts were terrible and Romney had n’t proved himself on Romney world stage either Romney " I ’m all for party unity , but I ’m not sure that we have to pay ’m that with the secretary of State position , " she said . Prominent    and Bush family the secretary of State Ana Navarro appeared upset by Conway ’s argument against Romney . " Astounding to hear K. Conway , who has the ability to tell Trump privately , trash possibility of Romney as Sec of State publicly on CNN Romney " Navarro wrote on Twitter . Conway replied : Ana Navarro I did tell him Conway . And I ’ll respect his Conway . Point is the volume   Conway of grassroots resistance to Romney is breathtaking . " 
 Romney 