Vanity Fair has written a feature covering the first day of the Republican convention in Cleveland , in which Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos is mentioned . [ According to the magazine , Yiannopoulos’ appearance at the Citizens For Trump rally outside the convention hall attracted a " diverse " crowd who " loved " his message of    correctness .   An excerpt of the article is below . You can read the whole thing at Vanity Fair . The park crowd seemed far more diverse in opinion than the crowd in the convention hall —   everyone from    truthers to    motorcycle bikers —   but far more unified . Breitbart ’s Milo Yiannopoulos appeared , in black jeans with a blousy top , to declare that political correctness kills . " I try to fight it by calling myself a dangerous faggot , " he said Milo Yiannopoulos adding that Trump would be a better defender of gay rights than the left , which is " happy to pander to and mollycoddle people who want me dead . " The audience loved it . it Donald Trump Trump placed to end the cancer of political correctness in this country , " Yiannopoulos continued . " You may not agree with everything he says , Trump may not even like the guy , but he ’s the Trump chance we have . " That was the sentiment voiced by those to whom I spoke there , often with even fewer reservations . Many of the people in the crowd had come hundreds of miles to be there , even with no access to the action . " Republicans do n’t listen to their own people Republicans " said Gail Brown , who had driven to Cleveland from upstate New York with her husband , Paul Ryan they Gail Brown, who had driven to Cleveland from upstate New York with her husband, Paul eager Gail Brown, who had driven to Cleveland from upstate New York with her husband, Paul see Paul Ryan lose his primary in August . Whatever Paul Ryan Trump might have , they accepted them Gail Brown, who had driven to Cleveland from upstate New York with her husband, Paul 
 Gail Brown, who had driven to Cleveland from upstate New York with her husband, Paul 