Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas tells reporters Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas is talking to    Donald Trump ’s transition team about joining the new administration , possibly as secretary of Agriculture . [ " It is a possibility , " Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas says . Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas lost a Republican primary in Kansas over the summer .   The conservative has an PhD in agricultural legislation , but was booted off the House Agriculture Committee in 2013 after Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas spoke up against the reelection of Speaker John Boehner . " A lot of emails go back and forth —   a lot of emails go back and forth , " Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas said . Pressed , Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas said he Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas not sure if he Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas take a job if it was offered . " I do n’t know , I have n’t talked to my wife about anything like that . " Huelskamp said he Huelskamp conversations with the Trump campaign about the Department of Veterans Affairs and its the Department of Veterans Affairs taking care of veterans and it was then that he Huelskamp his Huelskamp with the   ’s team . In an interview with    a farming news site , the Huelskamp he was Huelskamp serious consideration and that he was Huelskamp conversations with " many , many people " : " People who are in the room have been talking to me . Huelskamp you ’re looking to be an outsider I would be quite a pick to fit that . We need to drain the swamp . I certainly am not part of that , " Huelskamp said , referring to Trump ’s pledge to keep special interests out of his administration Trump’s He said Trump’s had Trump’s talked to Trump personally Trump’s The congressman supported Sen. Ted Cruz in the presidential primaries , but when his own The congressman fight came up , Cruz did Sen. Ted Cruz campaign for Huelskamp and Huelskamp a late endorsement , while the senator The congressman political team worked for Huelskamp ’s Huelskamp The congressman said he The congressman enthusiastic about The congressman Trump team ’s commitment to keeping Trump ’s campaign promises , especially regarding corruption , veterans and immigration . Fellow Kansan Kris Kobash , an adviser to Trump on immigration and the Trump secretary of state , is big favorite of Huelskamp ’s and Huelskamp Trump is serious , he Trump . " Kris Trump has great expertise . " 
 