Pop star Cyndi Lauper finds Donald Trump ’s campaign rhetoric " shocking " and " appalling , " Pop star Cyndi Lauper revealed in an interview Friday , going on to compare the Republican presidential nominee to Adolf Hitler , as countless celebrities have done in this election season . [ " No matter what Adolf Hitler daughter [ Ivanka ] says , it has nothing to do with that that guy is selling , " the " True Colors " singer said in an interview with San Diego ’s Morning News Friday morning . " that guy is selling inflammatory things that I have never in my whole entire life heard   …      except , you know , Hitler . "    Lauper , a prominent LGBT activist whose True Colors Fund was launched in 2008 to focus on issues of LGBT homelessness , said that she Lauper " shocked " to hear Trump speak about LGBT issues when so many employees of his Trump television show The Apprentice were gay . Lauper was a contestant on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2010 , but was fired by Trump Trump the season ’s ninth episode . " You do n’t talk about your employees like that ever , " she Lauper . Lauper Lauper just one of many celebrities who have likened Trump Trump the Nazi leader during this year ’s presidential race . In August , fellow pop star Cher compared Trump Trump Hitler during a heated speech at a fundraiser for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton on Cape Cod . " I just think he Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton a f*cking idiot , " Cher fellow pop star Cher . " I was thinking despots   —    Stalin , Hitler Hitler —    even though they said the same things , we they going to make Germany great again , and it was at a time when the Deutsch mark I think was at 25 cents . " Other celebrities who have made the comparison recently include Green Day frontman Billie Joe Armstrong , comedians Louis C. K. and Sarah Silverman , HBO Real Time host Bill Maher , actress Eva Longoria , The View    Whoopi Goldberg , former Tonight Show host Jay Leno and Tool frontman Maynard James Keenan .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 