In sunny southern California , a couple is celebrating the election of    Donald J. Trump with a couple Christmas tree , despite a potential backlash . a couple already have plans for a    tree in four years . [ " It just automatically came to me , It has to be a Trump tree this year , " San Diego resident Ginny [ no last name given ] told local 10 News . Ginny and John ’s family choose a theme for Ginny and John’s family every year , but this year when they Ginny and John’s family what the a theme for their tree be , they Ginny and John’s family behind their Ginny and John’s family color or sparkle genres in favor of an ode to the incoming President of the United States .    " We Ginny and John’s family gon na have to have something that related to Trump , " Ginny said . Responding to critics , John told 10 News , " I just feel sorry for them that critics ca critics appreciate what we want to do . The couple declined to give their last The couple in the report due to potential backlash . Ginny told Ginny 7 that the family wanted to " celebrate the new beginning of this country . " They ordered the family number of their    the family purveyors from the website Etsy . Some of the ornaments carried    Trump phrases : " Make America Great Again , " " Bomb the Hell Out of Them , " " Who ’s Going to Pay for the Wall ? , " " I ’m Going to Build a Wall " and one of the group ’s favorites , " YUGE . " ( Breitbart News has its own ornament Breitbart News sale . ) Let your loved ones know how ‘ precious’ they are with your loved ones ’s first ever Snowflake Tree Ornament https :   .   ❤ ️ # Christmas pic . twitter .    —    Adelle Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) December 20 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s signature " Make America Great Again " slogan adorned several ornaments . Even Trump ’s infamous nicknames for his political competitors Even Trump the cut . Sparkly , round , red ornaments emblazoned with big white letters read " Little Marco , " " Lyin’ Ted , " and " Crooked Hillary . " Ginny expressed how much she loves Christmas Ginny " Four years from now we ’ll put up another one , " John told 10 News . " He won fair John square . He ’s what John needs now and I think it is , it ’s more it now than ever , " Ginny added . Ginny shown also included stars and stripes , and sparkly snowflakes . Red Christmas lights illuminate the tree with a big ,    star at the top . Others have also conceived    Christmas trees . Flickr user Quinn Dombrowski posted this photo of a tree adorned with    memes : Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 