Friday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " set a very bad example "   and " created an environment " of violence that influenced the    mob that attacked Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump supporters leaving a rally last night in California .   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : " There were some really ugly images on the TV screens yesterday , some really reprehensible attacks by    protesters against people who support Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Do you condemn the violence ? What is your message to people who are protesting Donald Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " CLINTON : " I condemn all violence in our political arena . I condemned it when all violence in our political arena Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump it and congratulating all violence in our political arena who were engaging it . I all violence in our political arena it by those all violence in our political arena are taking violent protests to physical assault against Donald Trump . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to end . He set a very Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump example . He created an environment Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump which it seemed to be acceptable for someone running for president to be inciting violence , to be encouraging his supporters . Now Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’re seeing people who were against him responding in kind Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump It should all stop . It is not acceptable . " TAPPER : " At the end of the day , do you think that those violent    protesters actually might be helping him in a way Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump showing his opposition in such Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump horrendous light ? " CLINTON : " I do n’t think any of this   —    people who were peacefully protesting against Trump , help Trump and I do Trump think that people who are protesting and using physical violence against people is helping anybody . I do n’t want to talk about the political implications . I want it to end . the political implications police have a hard enough time to make sure that we ’re able to gather and talk about the issues facing our country . And trump has lowered the Trump . And now is it a surprise that people who do n’t like him are stepping over that low bar ? the bar think it is . He needs to condemn all violence him everyone . I have and I will continue to do so . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 