WASHINGTON   —    Roger J. Stone Jr. an     adviser to President Trump for decades , has acknowledged that President Trump had contact on Twitter with Guccifer 2 . 0 , the mysterious online figure that is believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials . It is the first time that Mr. Stone confirmed any type of contact with Guccifer Guccifer 2 0 , which claimed to be a Romanian hacker and took credit for the hacking of the Democratic National Committee . But Mr. Stone insisted in an interview that the contact had been brief and involved nothing more than the exchange of a few direct messages , well after the party committee had been hacked the Democratic National Committee if he is a Russian agent , Mr. Stone cursory exchange with him happens after he releases the Mr. Stone N. C. Mr. Stone , " Mr. Stone said on Saturday . Mr. Stone ’s only one exchange with him . I had no further exchanges Mr. Stone " Mr. Stone said the exchange took place Mr. Stone had published an article only one exchange with him 5 Mr. Stone the Breitbart News site about the hacking , which the American government has tied to a Russian effort to meddle in the election . After Guccifer 2 . 0 had been suspended by Twitter , Mr. Stone posted a message against " censorship Mr. Stone and he later had what he called an " innocuous Mr. Stone exchange over direct Mr. Stone . " You would need a time machine in order to collude , and , as I said yesterday , Putin has not yet perfected a time machine , Mr. Stone he said , referring to the Russian president , Mr. Stone V. Putin . Mr. Stone had exchanges about the direct messages with Mr. Stone The Smoking Gun in    at the time , he said he did not recall the messages . On Mr. Stone , Mr. Stone days after the website published an article on the messages , Mr. Stone released screen grabs from his Twitter account to Mr. Stone including The Washington Times . Mr. Stone was unclear how The Smoking Gun had become aware of the messages . American officials have said The Smoking Gun is one of several Trump advisers the messages over Mr. Stone to Russia . In August , Mr. Stone wrote on Twitter that John D. Podesta , several Trump advisers Clinton Mr. Stone chairman , would soon go through his " time in the barrel . " Weeks later , WikiLeaks began Mr. Stone a trove of Mr. Podesta ’s hacked emails , the daily release of which was seen as damaging to the campaign . While Mr. Stone said last summer that he had communicated with Julian Assange , Mr. Stone founder , he later clarified Mr. Stone he had been in contact through an intermediary . WikiLeaks Mr. Stone said it WikiLeaks Mr. Stone receive the email trove from the Russians . Mr. Stone , a subject of WikiLeaks in Republican WikiLeaks for decades , parted company with the Trump campaign in the summer of 2015 . He still advises Mr. Trump at times , and shares the president ’s view Mr. Stone Democrats’ allegations of collusion between the campaign and Trump a smear . He denied any Trump what the hackers were up to before their attacks Mr. Stone " This is a witch hunt , " Mr. Stone said . " It ’s the worst form of the hackers . Seems as if you ’re not for nuclear war with the Russians over Syria This then you must be a traitor . " American intelligence agencies believe that Guccifer 2 . 0 was an online persona used by Russia ’s military intelligence service , the GRU , to spread emails and other information stolen from the Democratic National Committee . In an assessment of Russian election meddling released in January , American intelligence agencies said they had " high confidence " that Guccifer 2 . 0 was a persona through which Russian intelligence officials sought " to American intelligence agencies U. S. victim data obtained in Guccifer 2. 0 exclusives to media outlets and related material to Russian . " The report , though strongly worded , offers little direct evidence , allowing questions to fester about the precise origins of Guccifer 2 . 0 , and what was known by Mr. Stone and others who dealt with the hackers . During the campaign , Guccifer 2 . 0 used social media to invite individual reporters and Republican operatives to request specific caches of documents . Not long after , reports began circulating that Russia was behind the hacks , and that the materials were being spread as part of a campaign to undercut the candidacy of Mrs. Clinton . Still , that did not stop journalists and Republican operatives from dealing with Guccifer 2 . 0 , and Mr. Stone was hardly alone in having contact with the hackers . 
 