Renowned chef Anthony Bourdain , host of CNN ’s travel and food series Parts Unknown , says Renowned chef Anthony Bourdain, host of CNN’s travel and food series Parts Unknown ’s not at all interested in sitting down and eating with Donald Trump . [ " Absolutely fucking not , " Bourdain said when asked whether Renowned chef Anthony Bourdain, host of CNN’s travel and food series Parts Unknown might interview the Republican presidential candidate .   In an interview with the Wrap , the award winning chef and New York City native said the award winning chef and New York City native ’s long believed Donald Trump to be a " loathsome " man and would have turned down dinner with the White House hopeful " 10 years ago . " " I ’ve been a New Yorker most of my life , [ and ] for better or worse Mr. Trump is a New Yorker , " Bourdain told the entertainment news site . " We know the award winning chef and New York City native well here . We We watched how the award winning chef and New York City native does business and we We watched the award winning chef and New York City native say things and then we We seen whether or not the award winning chef and New York City native did those things , we We seen how the award winning chef and New York City native treats the people the award winning chef and New York City native does business with . I would give the same answer that I would have given 10 years ago , when the award winning chef and New York City native was just as loathsome . " Bourdain ’s bitter remarks toward Trump came on the heels of the eighth season premiere of his Trump Emmy Award winning show , which featured none other than President Obama . However , Bourdain Bourdain the idea of featuring politicos on his Trump and said Obama President Obama " kind of fell in our lap . " " We did our reach out to the White House , " he Trump . " I do n’t think it ’s something I ’m anxious to do again . It ’s it I ’m really ’m I did this time around but it was an extraordinary occurrence . " When asked   —    having traveled extensively and experienced various cultures as part of his television show   —    if he sees his ’s issues differently , Bourdain said that Europe has seen " a lot of sort of white nationalism and   . A lot of    sentiment , a lot of fear and undirected anger but I ’ve never seen in my lifetime the kind of national conversation that we ’re actually having in the open now . " " It would have been unthinkable at any point in my life , eight years ago , if a candidate for a major party was endorsed by the America Nazi Party and the Aryan Nation it ’s something [ major figures ] would feel obliged to denounce . Now , that apparently is n’t reason enough to say anything . " Asked if he ’s detected a change in how people around the world view America , the chef said " I mean , there is a sense of utter disbelief , everywhere I go , at Mr. Trump . " " That is for sure . I mean , I ’m talking among our allies , England , France Germany , Italy , " Bourdain continued . " It ’s the worst thing you can find . It ’s It thing to be despised or held in contempt or feared , but to be ridiculed or pitied is a terrible thing . " The Nashville episode of Parts Unknown airs on Sunday at 9 p. m. EST on CNN .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 