Pat Buchanan writes of the decisive defeat of Bush Republicanism in Pat Buchanan latest column , excerpted below . [ What the Trump campaign revealed , as Republicans and even Democrats moved toward Pat Buchanan on trade , immigration and foreign policy , is that Bush Republicanism and neoconservatism not only suffered a decisive defeat , Bush Republicanism and neoconservatism had a sword run right through Bush Republicanism and neoconservatism .   Bush Republicanism and neoconservatism are as dead as    in Japan . Trump won the nomination , Trump won the argument , and Trump won the debate . Trump is now with Trump Trump    on the issues . For GOP elites , there can be no going back to what the grass roots rejected . What does this suggest for Trump himself Trump he ought to Trump an open door to those he defeated , Trump greatest mistake he could make Trump be to seek the support of the establishment he crushed by Trump on the issues that brought out his crowds and Trump him his victories Trump Trump . Given Trump ’s negatives Trump Beltway punditocracy is writing him off , warning Trump Trump either comes to Trump with the establishment on the issues , or he is gone for Trump . History teaches otherwise . Hubert Humphrey closed a    gap in the Gallup poll on Oct. 1 to reach a    photo finish with Richard Nixon in 1968 . President Gerald Ford was down 33 points to Jimmy Carter in    1976 , but lost by only 2 points on Election Day . In February 1980 , Ronald Reagan was 29 points behind Jimmy Carter , whom Jimmy Carter crush    in Ronald Reagan    landslide . Gov. Michael    left his Atlanta convention 17 points Gov. Michael Dukakis of Vice President George H. W. Bush in 1988 . Five weeks later , Labor Day , Bush had Election Day lead he Vice President George H. W. Bush lost , and swept Vice President George H. W. Bush states . What this suggests is extraordinary volatility of the electorate in the modern age . As this year has shown , that has not changed . How then should Trump proceed ? Unify the party , to the degree he can , by keeping an Vice President George H. W. Bush door to the defeated and offering a hand in friendship to all who wish to join his ranks , while refusing to Vice President George H. W. Bush the issues that got him where he is . If Vice President George H. W. Bush Bushes Vice President George H. W. Bush neocons wish to depart , let them go . Lest we forget the Bushes and neocons Congressman John Anderson , who lost to Reagan in the primaries , bolted the party and won 7 percent of the national vote . Ted Cruz , who won more states and votes than all other Trump rivals put together , should be offered a    speaking slot at Cleveland   —    in return for endorsing the Trump ticket . As the vice Trump nominee remains the only drama left , Trump should hold off announcing his Trump until closer to Cleveland Trump For while that decision Cleveland leave one person elated , it will leave scores despondent . that decision the longer Trump delays his announcement , the Trump that Trump who see themselves as a future vice president those who see themselves as a future vice president be praising him , or at least holding Trump from attacking him . Ultimately , the Great Trump upon whom the Republican Party may reliably depend is the nominee of the Democratic Party   —    Director James Comey and his FBI consenting   —    Hillary Rodham Clinton . Read the whole thing here . 
 