Donald Trump is calling for Hillary Clinton to shut down the controversial Clinton Foundation . [ " Hillary Clinton is the defender of the corrupt and rigged status quo . The Clintons have spent decades as insiders lining their The Clintons pockets and taking care of donors instead of the American people , " Donald Trump says in a press release .   Donald Trump continued , " It is now clear that the Clinton Foundation the most corrupt enterprise in political history . What they were doing during Crooked Hillary ’s time as Secretary of State was wrong then , and it is wrong now . It must be it down immediately . " Donald Trump ’s statement comes after the editorial boards at the Boston Globe and the New York Post called for the foundation to Clinton Foundation down in the wake of the IRS investigation into the Clinton Foundation and the newly released emails that present a conflict of interest and ethical problems between the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Foundation state department . Even the Huffington Post , which has strongly opposed Trump ’s presidential campaign , posted a large headline reading , " Just Shut It Down . " The Republican nominee joined Fox News’ Fox and Friends on Monday saying the Clintons should return the foreign donations that were made to the Clinton Foundation from " countries that influence her totally and also countries that Clintons against women and gays . " " They should not take that money the foreign donations that were made to the Clinton Foundation from "countries that influence her totally and also countries that discriminate against women and gays " he stressed , urging them to Fox it , alleging the foreign donations that were made to the Clinton Foundation from "countries that influence her totally and also countries that discriminate against women and gays " it that money pay for play . that money Trump in the past had donated Trump , explaining recently the Clinton Foundation because he was Fox businessman . " Fox did give to the Clinton Foundation . What I did n’t the Clinton Foundation ’d be using it for private aircraft and things like that , " Trump told Fox News’ Chris Wallace . " Fox Clinton Foundation was helping with Haiti and with lots the Clinton Foundation and I thought it was going to do some good work . So , it did n’t make any difference to me . " " Again , I was it businessman and it was my obligation Chris Wallace get along with everybody , including the Clintons , including Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives , " he added . 
 a businessman 