The Republican National Committee ’s Communications Director Sean Spicer tells Breitbart News it ’s " unbelievable " and a " real disservice " that presidential debate moderator Lester Holt did n’t ask Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton about the Clinton Foundation ’s alleged     scheme with the Department of State during Clinton ’s time as secretary of state . [ " That was unbelievable you have a scandal of this magnitude that directly impacts national security and it was unbelievable that that was n’t asked , " Spicer told Breitbart News in the spin room after Monday night ’s debate . " There were so many aspects of both national security [ and ]    . The idea that that did n’t get discussed or come up was sort of a real disservice . "   " He did n’t ask about Breitbart News in the spin room emails , " Spicer added in disbelief . " He said , ‘ Is there anything you would like to add?’ I mean , it was unbelievable . " Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s daughter Sarah Huckabee Sanders , who serves as one of Trump ’s senior advisers , also spoke to Breitbart News about the omission of a question about the Clinton Foundation . " I thought Lester Holt had a really tough job tonight , but that was one of the few places I felt like Lester Holt really had a couple of key issues Lester Holt went after Trump on and ignored some of the big things   —    they called it the dirty laundry debate , " Lester Holt explained to Breitbart News . " Frankly , Hillary Clinton should have been asked those questions and I think it was a real problem for Hillary Clinton tonight to go after Trump on certain things and to leave that out for Hillary Clinton . " The omission of a question about the Clinton Foundation comes after the Associated Press reported that more than 85 of the 154 people that met with Hillary Clinton during Hillary Clinton time as secretary of state were the Clinton Foundation donors . " More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she Hillary Clinton secretary of state gave money   —    either personally or through companies or groups   —    to the Clinton Foundation , " the Associated Press uncovered last month , adding,"It ’s an extraordinary proportion indicating her Hillary Clinton ethics challenges if elected president . " Sanders also criticized Clinton Hillary Clinton response to a question on cyber security . " It ’s laughable that Hillary Hillary Clinton even open her mouth Hillary Clinton discuss cyber security , " Sanders jabbed . Sanders She has Hillary Clinton credibility on this issue and frankly , she should Hillary Clinton embarrassed to even talk about it given the this issue of scandal and problems she ’s Hillary Clinton on that [   …     ] issue herself . Hillary Clinton Trump ’s senior communications advisor Jason Miller stopped short of criticizing Holt for not asking about the Clinton Foundation , but he suggested there Trump’s senior communications advisor Jason Miller be more evidence that comes out about Clinton ’s scandals regarding her use Hillary Clinton a private email server as secretary of state and the Clinton Foundation the Clinton Foundation think that Secretary Clinton is someone who Clinton five former employees and consultants now take the 5th Amendment   —    five   —    that ’s a lot , " Miller told Breitbart Trump’s senior communications advisor Jason Miller in the spin room after Monday ’s debate . He continued : You do n’t Clinton immunity if you did nothing wrong . So clearly , we have the deleted emails , we have a foundation that was we set up so they could and profit   — the deleted emails enrich themselves   —    and also the deleted emails they could turn the office of the deleted emails of state into a big mess and     racket . We saw this in a study we over half of the people that came into met with her while she was secretary of state was Secretary Clinton that ’s really problematic . " American voters realize that there ’s something up with Secretary Clinton . You would n’t have five different people taking immunity deals if there was n’t something wrong , " Miller added . 
 