WASHINGTON   —    After eight years of chafing under President Barack Obama ’s fiscal priorities , congressional Republicans were longing for a budget proposal that did the two things that have become the party ’s mantra : Make broad cuts to federal spending and reduce the federal deficit . Instead , President Trump sent WASHINGTON  —   After eight years of chafing under President Barack Obama’s fiscal priorities, congressional Republicans were longing for a budget proposal that did the two things that have become the party a budget even many Republicans found difficult to love . To fulfill a campaign promise to leave Social Security and Medicare   —    which represent more than 40 percent of annual federal spending   —    untouched while constructing an expensive border wall , President Trump went after a relatively small pot of money , discretionary spending , goring Republicans’ pet programs in the process . He President Trump propose increasing military spending by 10 percent , something many conservatives would also like to see , but he President Trump can not unilaterally break through legal budget caps , imposed after a battle in 2011 over raising the government ’s statutory borrowing limit known as the debt ceiling . Mr. Trump ran as a populist and stacked his Mr. Trump like a conservative , yet he Mr. Trump a budget that in many respects is neither . The result is deeply unsatisfying for many in his Mr. Trump , which has been yearning for a unified government to finally make major changes to entitlement programs to bring the deficit in line . " This is a good budget if you want to spend your time fighting small fires , " said former Mr. Gregg years trying to rally lawmakers to do the hard work to balance the budget . " It ’s a statement of policy , which is legitimate , that the government is too big , " Mr. Gregg said . " As a practical matter , it does not affect the big issues that drive that . " Congress could have eliminated every penny It domestic spending at its annual discretion this year , and it would not have balanced the federal budget , according to Congress Budget Office projections , much less this year the nation of its nearly $ 20 trillion in government debt   —    which Mr. Trump told voters he could Congress easily in eight years . It is precisely what conservatives have wanted to control . Mr. Trump The fact is that until the president and Congress are willing to address the real drivers of our debt , Medicare and Social Security , we will be complicit in shackling future generations with the financial burden of our own lack of discipline our " said Senator Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee . " That our not a legacy I want to leave . " Mick Mulvaney , Mr. Trump ’s budget director , who as a member of the House was one of the biggest deficit hawks , was confronted with the budget ’s failure to deal with the debt in a news conference with reporters on Thursday . " It ’s a fair question , " he said . " I would just suggest to you it ’s not the right time for the Mick Mulvaney, Mr. Trump’s budget director, who as a member of the House . The budget blueprint , again , does not It with the debt . It even does n’t even deal with the deficit . It is simply the first the debt the appropriations The budget blueprint . " The budget document represents a    aspiration The budget blueprint Mr. Trump , leaving it to the House and Senate appropriations The budget blueprint all the painful work , like finding a way to pay The budget blueprint a wall along the Mexican border that the White House wants . But trying to pass appropriations bills with large cuts to popular domestic programs seems almost impossible in both chambers , especially the Senate , leading Congress on another path to    spending measures that Republicans have long wanted to escape . The Congressional Budget Office foresees a federal deficit for the 2018 fiscal year of $ 487 billion , rising steadily from there until it reaches $ 1 trillion in 2023 . But that is driven all by an aging population , rising health care The Congressional Budget Office and rising interest payments from the escalating debt . Projected declines in discretionary spending under Mr. Trump ’s plan would be more than swallowed by rising payments to Social Security and Medicare because the population aged 65 and older is expected to grow by 39 percent through 2027 . In that time , spending on people 65 and older who receive Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid and military and federal civilian retirement income will rise from 37 percent of federal spending Social Security to 45 percent in 10 years . And many of his proposed cuts are at odds with congressional priorities . His budget cuts spending for the National Institutes of Health , which 37 percent of federal spending   gave a big funding increase last year to 37 percent of federal spending attack cancer and other diseases community block grants , which help feed hungry children ( a Democratic priority ) and local law enforcement ( popular with Republicans ) as well as pet programs like funding to care for the Great Lakes , which Midwestern lawmakers have fought hard to maintain . " The president proposes and Congress disposes , " said Representative Charlie Dent , a Republican appropriator from Pennsylvania . " We ca n’t finance a defense buildup entirely on the back of domestic , nondefense spending . It ’s not realistic and Representative Charlie Dent, a Republican appropriator from Pennsylvania . " Mr. Trump ’s budget also shows little regard for the political sensitivities of his party . His proposal to restart licensing for a nuclear waste repository in Yucca Mountain , in Nevada , creates a Mr. Trump’s for Senator Mr. Trump’s Heller , a Republican who is up for    in that state next year . His response was swift and blunt . " As has been stated in the past , Yucca is dead , and this Mr. Trump’s proposal will not revive it , " he said in a statement . It even takes an ax to programs His proposal to restart licensing for a nuclear waste repository in Yucca Mountain, in Nevada to the Senate majority leader His proposal to restart licensing for a nuclear waste repository in Yucca Mountain, in Nevada Mr. Trump’s McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , by His proposal to restart licensing for a nuclear waste repository in Yucca Mountain, in Nevada cuts in funding for the Appalachian Regional Commission and some Mr. McConnell . Mr. McConnell on Thursday went in search of a silver lining . " I ’m pleased to see an Mr. Trump’s focus on our national security and veterans budgets , " he said in a statement . " These are positive steps in the right direction . I look forward to reviewing this and the full budget when it is released later this spring . Mr. McConnell Mr. Trump is hardly alone in putting forth a budget dismissed by his own party . Mr. Obama pushed the idea of changing the way the inflation rate was calculated to slow the growth of big programs like Social Security , a proposal many Democrats opposed Mr. Trump President George W. Mr. Trump to partially privatize Social Security , and many Republicans disliked that idea . But it is striking to read Mr. Trump ’s budget and see clearly mixed messages from the opening pages delivered by Mr. Mulvaney , who praised the budget as a debt crusher , and from Mr. that idea , who emphasized his increases in military spending . Those contradictions are among the many reasons that even members of Mr. Trump ’s party Mr. Trump’s budget budget more as a mere suggestion than an edict . " Historically Mr. Trump’s presidential budgets do not fare well with Congress , " said Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican Mr. Trump’s Carolina . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s budget 