Donald Trump is expected to pick Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers as Donald Trump Interior Secretary , making Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers a central player in Donald Trump plans to    the domestic oil , natural gas and coal industries . [ Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers was first elected in 2004 , and is now the    person in the GOP ’s House leadership , under House Speaker Paul Ryan .   Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers also had time to birth three children while in Congress . Here ’s Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers Instagram account , and a cute picture of Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers balancing work and   .   I ’ve got my # SOTU remarks in one hand and    old Brynn in another . It really does n’t get much better than this ! A photo posted by Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( @cathymcmorris ) on Jan 24 , 2014 at 11:15am PST ,   Feminists and    do n’t like A photo posted by Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) on Jan 24, 2014 at 11:15am PST,  Feminists and    conservative social record . According to an respectful but unfriendly profile in Slate . com , Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) has voted like a standard conservative , for cuts to nearly every social service . She Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act and in favor of cutting funding for birth control . Last year , she Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) a version of the Violence Against Women Act that excluded gay , immigrant , and Native American women , calling them gay, immigrant, and Native American women " side issue . " And her Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) once delivered empty milk bottles to her Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) to protest her Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@cathymcmorris) for cuts in the " WIC " nutritional program . The war on women , Matt Yglesias points out , is not about symbols . It ’s about public policy . So if you want something like that done , ask another woman . McMorris Rodgers is from Washington state , where her McMorris Rodgers include Microsoft Corp. and apple growers , and so she McMorris Rodgers strongly backed    immigration of    graduates and unskilled , illiterate   . She McMorris Rodgers the 2013 " Comprehensive Immigration Reform " push , which failed in June 2014 when GOP primary voters demonstrated their GOP primary voters by defeating GOP majority Leader Rep. Eric Cantor . In 2011 , she McMorris Rodgers a bill to sell off 0 . 6 percent of the 500 million acres of    land . Those 6 percent of the 500 million acres of   land up to 20 percent of the nation ’s   . She McMorris Rodgers little love from    environmental groups , because she McMorris Rodgers favors drilling , mining and logging on the huge tracts of    land in the western half of the United States . She McMorris Rodgers also have a huge say on the construction of oil and    pipelines .        
 