My Dear Fellow Americans:[I need a hug . Will someone give me a hug ? I am upset about the genocide of Christians by the Islamic State .   Please hug me . I am upset by the beheadings of Christians , the castration of women , young girls being sold into slavery , gays being killed , and Jews being killed . Please hug me . I am upset that moderate ,    Muslims are being killed by both radical Islamists and the raging wars moderate,   Muslims are being killed by both radical Islamists and the raging wars they cause cause . Please hug me . I am upset that for the last 30 years , I ’ve watched as the middle class has been decimated by failed economic policies of the left and right . Please hug me . I am upset the GOP has been ineffectual in the GOP leadership I am upset that each year we hear speeches and yet the message spoken is as stale as a piece of rotten dog food . I am upset that the political platforms being sold by both parties have slowly dismantled America . Please hug me . I am upset that we have an immigration policy that has been put in place not for America interests but that of globalists . I am upset because of the fraud , waste , corruption , and cronyism in our government . I am upset because elitists , the establishment , pundits , and media do not want the political process to be fair . I am upset because they elitists, the establishment, pundits, and media do not want the political process to be fair , lie , plot , and are an Army of Judases . Please hug me . I am upset because those that define themselves those that define themselves as being the most principled being the most principled are in reality the most hypocritical and dishonest . I am upset that the last few years cries of racism and enforcement of political correctness have become strategies to tear us apart and staple our us shut . I am upset that the effeminization of men has led to the demonization of women . Please hug me . I am upset that , for years , no one has fought for the celebration of Christmas in the public square , yet many rant how everyone ’s religious freedom except is protected , except for Christians’ and Jews’ . I am upset that instead of letting the political process take its the political process course , we see the mafia of the political class converge on Donald Trump and use any means necessary to assassinate him Donald Trump Please hug me . I am upset that both the left and right are now in open collusion to thwart the will of the people and America . Please hug me . I am upset that there are funded and organized protests designed to attack and shut down Donald Donald Trump I am upset about the divisiveness in our country that has been buried and quietly building for years . I am upset about the disrespect for law enforcement and the killing of the innocent . I am upset about the tax code . I am upset about an educational system that gets its agenda the tax code the likes of Bill Ayers . I am upset about the lack of clarity in a foreign policy that has made our country our country on the road to decay . Please hug me . Hug me and again HUG me . * * * My dear friends , recently when a Trump supporter who was a guest on Glenn Beck ’s show was expressing her fear and a Trump supporter who was a guest on Glenn Beck’s for the country , our country her get up out a Trump supporter who was a guest on Glenn Beck’s her seat and walk a Trump supporter who was a guest on Glenn Beck’s to him . He then Glenn the Glenn audience to stand as well . While offering her his commiseration and a Trump supporter who was a guest on Glenn Beck’s Glenn he believes a GREAT Glenn is looming , he asked all to Glenn her a HUG . a Trump supporter who was a guest on Glenn Beck’s went on then Glenn say that as long as we stand together and take care of each other , we do n’t need we " Strong Man " as leader . Now   I understand Beck ’s sentiment , Glenn it is admirable , but we are facing , we he said , " Glenn looming Great Depression . " We have terrorism , we , and a brewing revolution that was going to take place   —    in spite of Donald Trump ! And Beck offers HUGS . Glenn the enemy has a knife at your throat , the last thing you need is a HUG . When you ca n’t get a job and put food on your table , you do n’t need a hug . When you see the systematic flooding of illegal immigrants that do not assimilate and are indoctrinated into socialism , hugs are not needed . I mean , hugs are great at a wake or in romance or at church . However , when you are gasping for breath , you do not need a hug you need air , you need action . America is at a major crossroads . We do n’t need America hug we need a strong America who can put America on the right America . I ’m not a conspiracy theorist , but how is this for a crazy thought : what if there is a coalition between the right and left to maintain the march toward globalism . How would this be done ? It seems that the GOP finally has a candidate that can win a general election , someone who can bring a bigger tent to the party   —    and yet they have been cannibalizing the GOP finally has a candidate that can win a general election, someone who can bring a bigger tent to the party  —   and yet they have been cannibalizing him . The shills someone who can bring a bigger tent to the party  —    the media all have alliances to both sides , and they continually fan the The shills in the media all of trying to define who Trump is . So what they do is now The shills in the media all and pin all the unrest on Trump . The protesters Trump been around way before Trump , but the Trump would have you think it is not so . Friends , Rome has burned down . We do not need HUGS . We need someone who We rebuild our nation . 
 We 