On Saturday afternoon an Imam and Imam friend were shot and killed in Queens as an Imam and his friend were walking home from an Imam and his friend mosque . [ A lone gunman was caught on video walking up behind the two about 2 pm , shooting both , then fleeing the scene . NYPD Deputy Inspector Henry Sautner said , " There is nothing in the preliminary investigation that would indicate that they were targeted because of they faith . "   According to the New York Post , the Imam ,     Maulana Akonjee , was walking with     Thara Uddin when both were killed . The two men had just prayed at " Al Furqan Jame Masjid on 77th Street and Glenmore Avenue . " Akonjee was originally from Bangladesh and one man who knew him described him as " the pope for [ the ] neighborhood . "    Thara Uddin saw his    Thara Uddin brother lying on the ground after being shot . Mashuk    Thara Uddin , " I do n’t even know , nobody knows what ’s going on . This broke my heart . I miss my his older brother " One resident in the area heard the gunshots . The resident —   who did not want to be identified —   said there were " two shots , then more . " Afterward , the resident saw One resident in the area man with a gun running down the street . " The resident said there One resident in the area number of other people around that could have been shot , but the gunman only killed Akonjee and Uddin . Update : 10:45 ET , Photos of people rallying around slain imam in Queens : UPDATE : A 2nd man has died after shooting outside New York City mosque https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) August 13 , 2016 ,   Local Muslims blame Trump after Queens imam , assistant are both shot to death by gunman https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Daily News ( @NYDailyNews ) August 13 , 2016 ,   A Muslim imam was killed Queens imam at close range in Queens https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Newsweek ( @Newsweek ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 10:12 PM ET , From the Daily Mail : A crowd of angry Muslim men at the scene believe it was a ‘ hate crime . One man said they blame ‘ Donald Trump for creating A crowd of angry Muslim men at the scene Update : 10:06 ET , Palestinian activist , I ca n’t help but have a knot in my stomach after learning of the murder of an imam in Queens right after afternoon prayers . Heartbroken .   —    Linda Sarsour ( @lsarsour ) August 13 , 2016 ,   Random Trump hate , Gunman executes Imam and assistant as they walk home from NYC mosque https :   .   Did Trump incite this ?   —    Girl Futurist ( @GirlFuturist ) August 14 , 2016 ,   and rightly so ! ! & gt ‘ We blame # DonaldTrump for this’ : Two dead including Queens imam in NY    attack https :   .    —    TariAkpodiete ( @TariAkpodiete ) August 14 , 2016 ,   I agree with them   …      Donald Trump is to blame   …      With his Islamphobic hate talk . https : Donald Trump .    —    James Wall ( @Jamesbwall2 ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 9:58 ET , Headline from the New York Daily News : A Lone gunman executed a revered Queens imam and his friend as the pair walked home A Lone gunman Saturday prayers , blasting each in the back of the head without a word , officials said . " Queens imam and his assistant shot to a revered Queens imam and his friend local Muslims blame on Donald Trump : ‘ His drama has created Islamophobia’ Said local resident Khairul Islam , Donald Trump . " That ’s not what America is about   …      We blame Donald Trump for this . . . Trump and his drama Donald Trump Islamophobia . " Update : Aug 13 9:54 Donald Trump , From New York Magazine : The suspected killer was described by police and witnesses as a tall Hispanic man carrying a large handgun and wearing a dark blue polo shirt and shorts . Police reportedly have video footage of the suspect , and are looking for surveillance videos and additional witnesses .    AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . AWR Hawkins . 
 AWR Hawkins 