CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Ken Cuccinelli of the Senate Conservatives Fund and Sen. Mike Lee ( ) sold out grassroots conservatives so CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Ken Cuccinelli of the Senate Conservatives Fund and Sen. Mike Lee ( ) could make a spectacle on the floor of the Republican National Convention as part of the last dying breaths of the " Never Trump " collective , which is now officially dead , Breitbart News has confirmed . [ A senior Republican involved in the negotiations told Breitbart News that CLEVELAND, Ohio  —   Ken Cuccinelli of the Senate Conservatives Fund and Sen. Mike Lee ( ) " Sen. Mike Lee ( ) given an opportunity to accept two different proposals by the RNC chairman Reince Priebus . "   " They walked away Cuccinelli and Lee "were given an opportunity to accept two different proposals by the RNC chairman Reince Priebus both , " said the Republican strategist personally involved in the negotiations , the negotiations had friends on both sides .   " The second [ proposal ] was this morning at 9 a. m. when Ken Cuccinelli could not Cuccinelli Mike Lee , " the strategist said . " The first deal [ last Thursday night ] was we offered 15 percent bonus delegates and there was a bunch of other stuff that ’s been written about but that was their biggest thing for all 15 percent bonus delegates closed primary states . And then this morning , we offered this morning winning in we [ 15 percent bonus delegates last week ] 10 percent plus removing the language in the rules that would have made committee members information confidential , we would have removed that . we Basically , what happened is , in order to have a spectacle on the floor of the convention where it looks like there was a battle inside the party , Lee and Cuccinelli turned down two packages that had almost everything they wanted in them . The Lee and Cuccinelli was last Lee and Cuccinelli , during Rules Committee negotiations when the " Never Trump " movement was soundly defeated there . That package would have changed the Rules Committee negotiations delegates that are offered to states with closed primaries , giving them " bonus " delegates at a states with closed primaries of 15 percent per the number of    delegates in a delegation . So if a state with a closed primary had 20    delegates , they would have gotten 3 extra delegates a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates They turned that down and fought their a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates in the Rules Committee . a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates they planned to take their already losing a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates to the Convention a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates , Priebus offered them a similarly lucrative    package . a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates would remove language from the RNC a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates keeping committee members’ information confidential —   which means it would make it easier for grassroots activists to lobby it RNC —   and they would still get 10 percent of a state with a closed primary had 20   delegates bonus " delegates per the number of    delegates per delegation from states with closed primaries . What Cuccinelli and Lee purportedly wanted , however , was 20 percent of " bonus " delegates for the entire delegation —     and delegates —   per state with closed primaries . They got everything else they wanted , Cuccinelli and Lee , as during Cuccinelli and Lee Rules Committee meeting last week Priebus offered an amendment that dropped the number of states a candidate for president must win from 50 percent or more of the delegates to be considered at the convention for nomination from eight states back down to five . But Cuccinelli and Lee turned down these packages from Priebus and the RNC that would have Priebus increased the power grassroots conservatives have over the Republican Party , and they did it so as to create Cuccinelli and Lee show on the floor of the convention . " He never had any intention of doing anything but trying to create a scene , " the Republican strategist said of Cuccinelli . " He ’s been working with the Never He folks , and they ’ve been saying , ‘ Oh the Never Trump folks we ’re not a part of that.’ Bullshit . They have been a part of that the Never Trump folks day one . " But after what just went down on the convention floor , as Cuccinelli and Lee sold out the grassroots Cuccinelli a floor fireworks show , this strategist —   again , someone intricately involved in the negotiations —   told Breitbart News that " Never Trump is officially dead and buried . " Cuccinelli and Lee have not responded to Breitbart News Lee for comment on this matter . 
 