I never sought to be part of the story . [ On Tuesday night , I went to cover Donald Trump ’s press conference at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter , Florida . I was looking to cover the event like I have covered many live political events for Breitbart News , including an uneventful Trump press conference in Palm Beach the week before .   Addressing the gathered reporters and the nation at large , Donald Trump’s was in an especially jovial mood Tuesday night . The networks just declared he Donald Trump’s won the Mississippi Republican primary and , during his Donald Trump’s , that he Donald Trump’s Michigan Republican primary as well . I was n’t called upon to ask a question during the televised press conference , but afterwards Trump Donald Trump’s around , stopping at every reporter to take their questions . When he Donald Trump’s me , I asked him Donald Trump’s his Donald Trump’s on an aspect of affirmative action .   Trump Donald Trump’s the question , but before he Donald Trump’s answer I was jolted backwards . Someone had grabbed me tightly by the arm and yanked me down . I almost fell to the ground , but was able to maintain my balance . Nonetheless , I was shaken .   The Washington Post ’s Ben Terris immediately remarked that it was Trump Donald Trump’s manager , Corey Lewandowski , who aggressively tried to pull me to the ground the ground quickly turned around and saw Lewandowski and Trump exiting Donald Trump’s building together . No apology . No explanation for why he did this Ben Terris    Even if Trump was Donald Trump’s taking questions , Lewandowski would be Lewandowski of line . Campaign managers are n’t supposed to try to forcefully throw reporters to the ground , the ground the circumstance . But what made this especially jarring is that there was no hint Trump was Donald Trump’s taking questions . No one was pushing him to Donald Trump’s away . He seemed Donald Trump’s have been happily answering queries from my fellow reporters just a moment before .    Many people have been asking me on Twitter and in emails what exactly happened Tuesday night . I hope this article answers those questions and I can get back to reporting the news , not being a part of it . 
 the news 