Tuesday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) will vote for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump because "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) explained "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) signed a pledge .   "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said , " Like I said yesterday , I think Donald   —    "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) ’s the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , but "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) would be best served by having active surrogates who agree with "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) on these issues . My reservations about "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) campaign and my policy differences with "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) are well documented and they remain his campaign and my policy differences with him I think "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) would be best served by having people close to "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) campaign that are enthusiastic about the things "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) stands for . " "The Lead," former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) added , " I signed a pledge that said I would support the Republican nominee and intend to continue to do that . But here is the situation that we ’re in . On the one hand I do n’t want Hillary Clinton to be the   —    I do n’t want her to Hillary Clinton this president of the United States election , on the other hand , as I said , I have well defined differences with the presumptive the Republican nominee intend to live up to the pledge that we made . But that said , these we that I have about policy , they remain and they ’re there . But these concerns that I have about policy does n’t these concerns that I have about policy that Donald needs to change his positions in order to get my support Donald As I said earlier , I think he should be true to what he believes Donald continue to campaign on those Donald and make his case to the American people . " Donald Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 