As WikiLeaks prepared WikiLeaks dump of devastating emails from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman John Podesta , video and audio of Donald J. Trump —   the Republican nominee for president —   making    comments about women while with George H. W. Bush ’s nephew , George H. W. Bush . were leaked . [ George H. W. Bush , the former president , is voting for Hillary Clinton’s for president , Politico reported a few weeks ago . One of his sons George H. W. Bush, the former president former President George W. Bush , has told people to vote in November but did not tell them who people vote for . And now his nephew is at the center of a disparaging tape on which Trump made lewd remarks about women . Both Trump and Trump Bush have apologized for the comments they made Both Trump and Billy Bush the video .   But    forces in the media , at the Washington Post which broke the story , and other outlets , have engineered it into    major scandal . And the Bushes and    Republicans appear at the center of every turn in it .    instantly , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush —   a bitter Trump rival who has broken his pledge former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush —  a bitter Trump rival who has broken his pledge to support the eventual GOP nominee for president —   support the eventual GOP nominee for president —   denounced Trump , Trump did failed 2012 Republican nominee and fellow    activist Mitt Romney . As the grandfather of two precious girls , I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump Trump comments degrading women .   —    Jeb Bush ( @JebBush ) October 7 , 2016 ,   Hitting on married women ? Condoning assault ? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America ’s face to the world .   —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) October 8 , 2016 ,   Republican National Committee ( RNC ) chairman Reince Priebus , who ’s been disagreeable with Trump many times throughout the campaign , and House Speaker Paul Ryan —   who ’s been trying to undermine Trump ’s ascent Trump it began despite Trump him —   both condemned Trump ’s remarks on the tape as well . Ryan also canceled Paul Ryan —   ’s scheduled Trump’s a campaign stop in Wisconsin on Saturday . Interestingly , it seems as though this tape ’s release the tape and the rush by a bevy of    Republicans to denounce him over the Paul Ryan —   locker    banter —   comes as Trump stays strong in Trump’s polls and prepares for the next debate on Sunday night in St. Louis , Missouri . Meanwhile , WikiLeaks just dropped a bombshell on Clinton ’s campaign —   more two thousand emails from Podesta , which include scores of controversial remarks she made in private paid Clinton before    crowds —   but ironically the Chamber of Commerce ’s national political director Rob Engstrom called for Trump to drop out of the race and give the GOP nomination to his running mate , Indiana national political director Rob Engstrom Mike Pence . Trump should step down immediately Trump , yielding to Governor Pence as the GOP Nominee .   —    Rob Engstrom ( national political director Rob Engstrom , 2016 ,   A series of Republicans from Utah —   which did n’t support Trump before and were always highly skeptical of Trump , including Rep. Jason Chaffetz and Gov. national political director Rob Engstrom Herbert —   also rescinded their endorsements of Trump . They were hardly (@RobEngstrom) October 8, 2016,  A series of Republicans from Utah —  which didn’t support Trump before and were always highly skeptical of him, including Rep. Jason Chaffetz and Gov. Gary Herbert —   only ones Trump    (@RobEngstrom) October 8, 2016,  A series of Republicans from Utah —  which didn’t support Trump before and were always highly skeptical of him, including Rep. Jason Chaffetz and Gov. Gary Herbert —   Sens . Mark Kirk of Illinois and Mike Lee of Utah called on him to drop out of Utah presidential race GOP Sens. Mark Kirk of Illinois and Mike Lee of Utah Donald Trump is a distraction . Time for Trump step aside so we can focus on Trump ideas that will carry Republicans to a victory in Nov.   —    Mike Lee ( @MikeLeeforUtah ) October 8 , 2016 ,   Now comes GOP Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois , calling on Trump to drop out of the race .   Trump    Marc Duvoisin ( @MarcDuvoisin ) October 8 , 2016 ,   And Rep. Barbara Comstock ( ) withdrew her endorsement of Trump . Via @jennaportnoy : @BarbaraComstock withdraws Trump support Trump " I can not in good Trump votefor Donald Trump . "   —    Ed O’Keefe Trump ) October 8 , 2016 ,   It ’s interesting , to say the least , that all of this is happening as Trump appears to be on the brink of potentially winning Trump White House . After surviving an unprecedented level of crises for a major party presidential candidate —   some fabricated , some real —   he has survived a rough first debate . Now , walking into the second debate , he ’s still     with Clinton a rough first debate both he and in battleground states . And every effort to take him down —   launched by the permanent political class he Washington , D. C. and the legacy media on the island of Manhattan in New York City —   has thus far failed . Some , like Clinton supporter Sally Kohn , suggested that this effort was the last Clinton desperation play to take down Trump once and for all . If this does n’t ruin Trump ’s candidacy , the problem is n’t the misogynist candidate   Trump once but the misogynist country .   https :   .    —    Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn ) October 7 , 2016 ,   So if Trump survives this one —   after lasting through so many others — Trump once maybe nothing can take him out . UPDATE 12:58 P. M. Carly Fiorina , the failed vice Trump once candidate of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) at the end of the GOP primaries , has joined the chorus of those calling for Trump to step aside . My thoughts : pic . twitter .    Trump once    Carly Fiorina ( @CarlyFiorina ) October 8 , 2016 ,   " Donald Trump does not represent me or my party . I understand the Trump once Republicans to support their nominee . Our nominee has weighty responsibilities as well . Donald Trump has Republicans failed in their nominee , " Fiorina said in a Trump once . " I have traveled the weighty responsibilities years —   Carly Fiorina Americans that Hillary Clinton is unfit to be President . We must have a conservative in the White House to restore accountability , opportunity and security . For the sake of our Constitution and the rule of law , we must defeat Hillary Clinton . Today I ask We Trump to step aside and for the RNC to replace Hillary Clinton Gov. Mike Pence . " 
 Donald Trump 