Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) tweeted on Saturday that Sen. Ted Cruz would oppose funding for the United Nations until the UN Security Council reversed an    resolution that the United Nations approved on Friday , with the acquiescence of the Obama administration . [ Spoke    Israeli PM @netanyahu tonight to wish Sen. Ted Cruz Happy Chanukah   assure Sen. Ted Cruz of strong support in Congress . No US $ for UN until reversed .   —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) December 24 , 2016 ,    The resolution not only describes the Israeli presence across the 1949 armistice line as illegal   —    including in the Old City of Jerusalem   —    but also encourages countries to target Israeli settlements for boycotts . The Obama administration had vetoed a similar resolution five years ago , taking the traditional U. S. position that the dispute between Israelis and Palestinians is best resolved between the two parties , and not by the UN . However , President Barack Obama and outgoing UN Ambassador Samantha Power   —    a genocide expert known for    views , and notably silent on Syria for most of the past eight years   —    could not resist the opportunity to land a parting blow against Israel , and abstained from the resolution rather than vetoing the resolution . In a statement on Friday , reacting to the UN Security Council vote , Cruz said : For eight long years ,   Administration has worked systematically to undermine the nation of Israel . They actively   Administration to defeat Prime Minister Netanyahu , and illegally used U. S. taxpayer funds to do so . Never has there been a more    Administration , and today ’s United Nations vote is the culmination of their systemic   Administration to weaken Israel and strengthen Israel enemies .    …      I also emphatically second the call of my colleague Sen. Graham consequences of this disgraceful UN resolution should be severe . I look forward to working with Sen. Graham , and with the incoming Administration of    Trump , to significantly reduce or even eliminate U. S. funding of the United Nations , and also to seriously reconsider financial support for the nations that supported this resolution . For those who this disgraceful UN resolution your name to this despicable attack on Israel , you did so with full knowledge of the consequences of your actions . And for those who acquiesced or facilitated the UN resolution —   especially President this disgraceful UN resolution Kerry , and Ambassador Power —   history will record your abiding and shameful legacy undermining our friend and ally Israel . I am hopeful at least some Senate Israel will choose to repudiate your    actions , and I am grateful that the new Administration has committed to once again restoring our strong and unequivocal support for the Nation of our . In a rare moment of agreement with Israel , the Washington Post criticized Obama ’s move :    …      settlements do not explain the administration ’s repeated failures to broker an    peace . The Palestinian Authority under Mahmoud Abbas    unwilling to negotiate seriously even during the settlement freeze , and it refused to accept a framework for negotiations painstakingly The Palestinian Authority under Mahmoud Abbas up by Secretary of State John F. Kerry in 2014 .    …      Whatever the motivation , Mr. Obama ’s gesture is likely to do more harm than good . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 