Republican hopes to hold the Senate are being bolstered by a Quinnipiac University poll showing GOP incumbents leading in Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania , three critical swing states . [ " The numbers seem to be breaking the Republican way in the battle for control of the U. S. Senate , at least when it comes to the critical swing states of Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania , Ohio said Peter A. Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll .   " The Swing State Poll focuses on Florida , Ohio and Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania candidate Ohio won the presidential race without taking at least two of these three states , " according to the poll ’s executive summary . " Noteworthy is Ohio where former Gov. Ted Strickland , who Ohio an early lead but now trails Sen. Rob Portman ( R. ) by 7 percentage points , " the poll found . In Florida , Sen. the poll’s ( R. . ) leads Rep. Patrick Murphy ( D. . ) 50 percent to   37 percent and the senator leads the other leading Democrat in the race , Rep. Alan Grayson ( D. . ) similarly : 50 percent to 38 percent . While in Pennsylvania , Sen. Pat Toomey ( R. . ) over Democrat Katie McGinty 49 percent to 39 percent . Ohio , " Portman had trailed for much of the campaign , but now has moved clearly ahead of Democratic challenger Ted Strickland , a former governor . " Many talking heads have suggested that with Donald Trump at the top of the GOP ticket , Republican Senate candidates might suffer , " Brown added . " But at least in these three key states , the Republican Senate candidates are running ahead of Trump Republican Senate candidates to be hurt by Donald Trump shared party label . " " There ’s a seeming paradox Republican Senate candidates the U. S. Senate race in Ohio . Democrat Ted Strickland , who will be     next month , does best among young voters , beating incumbent Republican Sen. Rob Portman 49 percent 36 percent among voters 18 to 34 years old . Portman , who is     scores best among voters over 65 years old , beating Strickland 51 percent to 35 percent , " Brown said . Pennsylvania , Brown said , " In Pennsylvania , incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey , Brown has led from the Pennsylvania , maintains a    margin . " Tim Malloy , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll , said Trump is not hindrance to Toomey . " Republicans , at least in Pennsylvania , can exhale . Toomey has a comfortable lead in his Pennsylvania to keep this GOP Toomey seat safe . A welcome Toomey in the turbulent and polarizing landscape where Donald Trump roams , " he said . Florida , In Florida Trump were looking to pick Trump the open seat left by Florida retirement of Rubio , but Rubio has this GOP Senate seat rehired . Brown said the Quinnipiac University Poll finds Rubio Rubio a very Rubio position . " The breadth of Senator Rubio ’s lead against Rep. Patrick Murphy , who Rubio the backing of the Democratic leadership , is impressive . Rubio a    margin among independent voters and scores 10 points better among Republicans than Murphy does among Democrats , " Rubio said . The Quinnipiac University survey was conducted June 30 to   July 11 . There were 1 , 015 Florida voters , giving that poll a margin of error of   3 . 1 percentage points 955 Ohio voters with a margin of error of The Quinnipiac University survey . 2 percentage points and 982 Pennsylvania voters with a margin of error 3 . 1 percentage points . Live interviewers called land lines and cell phones . The poll was directed by Douglas Schwartz , Ph . D. 
 The Quinnipiac University survey 