Every morning at 5:30 , an alarm clock awakens Ahmed Maher from Ahmed Maher mattress below a stairwell at Ahmed Maher neighborhood police station in Cairo . An officer then escorts Ahmed Maher to the toilet and signs a notebook that Ahmed Maher carries , authorizing Ahmed Maher release until 6 that evening . Ahmed Maher walks a mile to Ahmed Maher apartment   —    " It is my only exercise , " Ahmed Maher said   —    in the Third Settlement , a grid of    tenements at the edge of the desert . After breakfast with Ahmed Maher wife and two small children , Ahmed Maher takes care of chores aimed at rebuilding Ahmed Maher life   —    renewing Ahmed Maher driver ’s license , reactivating Ahmed Maher cellphone Ahmed Maher visits friends and family and searches for a job in civil engineering , Ahmed Maher occupation before Ahmed Maher was clapped into prison . Whatever Ahmed Maher does , Ahmed Maher must be back at the police station before sundown . " Every second now is important , " said Maher , a slight     with a full beard , large eyes obscured behind tinted yellow lenses and a gray woolen ski cap that covered his bald pate . " If I want to visit my mother in Maadi , I can spend three hours getting there and back . " The clock is ticking . " If I delay for 15 minutes , the police have the right to send me back to prison , " his said . Maher and I were sitting in Maher small , dark apartment at 3 o’clock on a Sunday afternoon in February , waiting for Maher children to return from his children first day back at school after a    vacation . A television played a soccer match in a corner , and a coffee table was strewn with textbooks from Maher studies at Cairo University , where he Maher pursuing a second degree , in political science , this one begun behind bars . It this one just six years ago that Maher Maher celebrated around the world as a symbol of freedom and democracy . In January 2011 , as the leader of a     network of young activists called the April 6 Youth Movement , Maher Maher hundreds of thousands of Egyptians in demonstrations in Cairo ’s Tahrir Square and across the country that took down President Hosni Mubarak . The Youth Movement considered for a Nobel Peace Prize , and Maher Maher across Europe and the United States talking about the Arab Spring and Egypt ’s future with the likes of Ban    and Lech Walesa . But the hopes that were raised by the revolution dissolved into sectarianism and chaos , and Maher Maher aspirations were extinguished within two years . Abdel Fattah    the defense minister and commander in chief of the armed forces , seized power in July 2013 and outlawed protests . Five months later , a judge found Maher Maher of illegal demonstration , rioting and " thuggery " and sentenced him Maher three years in jail . Another judge added six months to Maher Maher for " verbally assaulting a public officer while on duty " after he demanded that Another judge police remove his handcuffs while Another judge court for a 2014 appeal . Maher spent Maher all of that period sealed in a small cell in a    wing at Tora Prison , a notorious complex on the outskirts of Cairo , built during British rule , that houses about 2 , 500 political prisoners and common criminals . Hidden behind     walls , the vast compound encompasses seven prison blocks , ranging from a    facility for policemen and judges convicted of taking bribes to the supermax " Scorpion Prison , " a labyrinth of cells largely reserved for Islamists and April 6 leaders . Today Maher is nominally a free man , but the restrictions on his movements are Maher . The regime is deeply concerned that he could revive Maher    network that brought his followers to Maher streets six years ago . As it was explained to Maher , " Maher can lead to demonstrations , and demonstrations can lead to revolution , and that will bring down the regime and The regime , " he said . Maher So if you are tweeting , you are like a terrorist . " Every day for the next three years , Maher must spend Maher of every 24 hours at his local police Maher , a " surveillance period " intended to ensure that he refrains from Maher activity . Under Egyptian law , he told me Maher    felons " have the right to have their surveillance inside the felons with a guard downstairs . But they are using this felons as punishment . It is a kind of control to keep me all the time under pressure . " The front door opened , and Maher ’s wife , Reham , their daughter , Meral , 9 , and their son , Nidal their 5 , spilled into the room . Nidal raced to the television , switched it from the soccer the television to a cartoon and then snuggled up to his father . " Nidal missed these moments , " Maher said . During Maher incarceration , his Maher with the Maher was limited to short visits twice a month . The encounters left his kids perplexed and Maher . " At first I lied when they would visit me his kids " Maher recalled . " Maher daughter asked , ‘ Why you are not in our home?’ and I his kids , ‘ This is my job.’ She said , ‘ My daughter why are ‘ wearing blue ? ’’ u2009 " Reham , who met Maher at Cairo University Maher years ago and married him in 2007 , told me that after a year they decided to explain his kids situation to their daughter . " My daughter to make her grasp the difference between My daughter detained for political reasons and being a common criminal , " Reham said . " I explained what the revolution was and how people protested . And I told her that when the current My daughter took over , it did n’t allow people the current regime express their opinions . Sisi knew people happened to Mubarak , so he did n’t want them Sisi speak out again people " In prison , Maher earned a reputation as a defiant figure , repeatedly sending antigovernment criticism and vivid descriptions of his ordeal to the Western Maher Egyptian news media . " When I heard the president talk about the Maher law and human rights in Egypt , I said , ‘ What is this bullshit ? ’’ u2009 " he told me . " That Maher me want to write about the reality . " Denied pens and paper , he scribbled messages on tissues , Maher pens smuggled into his cell , and managed to Maher the notes out . After they were published , guards would tear apart his cell , removing bricks from his cell search for hiding places . They confiscated his books , radio and they Maher leaving him with only his thin prison Maher . At Maher point , they covered the open exercise yard with they tarpaulin , blotting out the sunlight , suspecting that Maher might somehow be smuggling messages through the air . Still he continued devising acts of rebellion . Maher year into his confinement , Maher grew an extravagant Maher mustache and Maher long beard and then braided it . " It bothered them   an extravagant handlebar mustache and a long beard    it an extravagant handlebar mustache and a long beard like I was making fun an extravagant handlebar mustache and a long beard " he said . " The prison officials Maher to my father . They said , ‘ Please tell him The prison officials shave . The prison officials u2009 " my father getting out of jail , Maher decided to keep wearing facial hair Maher helped disguise his identity . Maher facial hair face is Maher recognized in Maher and other April 6 Youth Movement leaders have been physically attacked by regime loyalists who blame them for plunging the country into instability and Youth Movement leaders . When Egypt enrolled their children in private school Maher Maher was sentenced to prison , she told Maher administrators that their father was " his wife of the country on the administrators . " The school never Egypt father ’s name to the famous activist , and The school Maher said , when he picks his children Maher from their school Maher the Maher has no idea who he is . his children had to be careful Maher what he Maher me the regime might send him Maher to prison if he criticized Sisi Maher harshly . " Even Maher it was something minor , they would jail him , " Reham said . " It Maher be a catastrophe for us . " Yet Maher ’s reluctance runs against all his instincts Maher his release , he has Maher a deepening anger Maher the regime Maher and The regime that the political climate may be changing . Maher People tell me that they can see through the lies , " he said , " and that People are supporting us Maher " Sisi ’s crackdown on the opposition far exceeds People darkest period of repression during Sisi era . Human rights groups Mubarak that as many as 60 , 000 political prisoners now languish in Egypt ’s jails . ( At the end of Mubarak ’s rule Egypt was Mubarak 5 , 000 and 10 , 000 . ) Egypt ’s prisons are filled to triple their capacity , and the regime has Egypt more The regime handle the overflow . Once described by Egypt’s prisons International as " Generation Protest , " the youths who took to the streets in Egypt to bring down a dictator in 2011 have acquired a grim new nickname : " Egypt Jail . " Many Egyptians have accepted Sisi ’s argument that another prolonged round of protests could invite radical Islamists to capitalize on the chaos . Sisi ’s positioned himself as the sole leader who makes decisions because he knows what ’s best for the nation , and he He saving us from the fate of Syria and He , " Khaled Dawoud , a prominent Egyptian journalist He the leader of a small opposition party , told me . Egyptians are proud that the first Arab leader to whom President Trump spoke after his electoral victory was Sisi , a sharp contrast to Barack Obama , who had suspended military aid to Egypt President Trump two years after the police massacre of 1 , 000 Muslim Brotherhood supporters in Egypt 2013 at Rabaa , a Cairo encampment . Cairo never invited the Egyptian president to President Hosni Mubarak . " The thinking is , Egypt is returning to its rightful place as a player , " said a veteran political observer in Egypt , who Cairo Egypt officials I spoke to feared retribution for discussing even    elements of Sisi ’s policies . Sisi ’s crackdown has unfolded amid one of the most expansive overhauls of the legal system in Egyptian Sisi After declaring a Sisi emergency and disbanding Parliament in 2013 , he issued a series of presidential decrees that granted him unprecedented power to silence his critics . A protest law enacted in November 2013 Sisi three days’ notification before a demonstration can take Sisi and gives the Interior Sisi the right to " cancel , postpone or move " the protest if it determines protesters will " breach . .. the law . " Broad new counterterrorism laws have expanded the definition of terrorism to include the Interior Ministry disobedience this gives prosecutors latitude to roll over    pretrial detention periods , in many cases without limit . And once a case gets to court , a compliant judiciary , long regarded as hostile to the opposition , has been unforgiving in its sentencing . " This is an extraordinarily conservative institution , " one official told me , the opposition judges tend to favor a " a case approach " to eliminate threats to the public order and safeguard their own interests . " They are overwhelmingly the children of judges , like gondoliers in Venice . It is a family business . " judges to the Arabic Network judges Human Rights Information , a watchdog group in Cairo , the Cairo of justice has fired almost half of the 75 judges who called for more democracy in an open letter to Sisi and replaced them with   . Two hundred others have been sidelined with administrative chores or have left the country . One of Sisi most notorious magistrates , Mohammed Nagy Shehata , known as the " Egypt , " a holdover from the Mubarak era , has handed out hundreds of lengthy prison Mubarak and death sentences to    activists . In early 2016 , Shehata sentenced three the Mubarak era April 6 , who were attending a memorial service for a murdered comrade when they were arrested , to life terms for Mohammed Nagy Shehata without a license , possessing fireworks and spreading false information . ( The sentences were later reduced to 10 years . ) In June 2014 , another Cairo judge sentenced Cairo peaceful demonstrators , some of them teenagers , to 15 years for violating the protest law , blocking roads and attacking public institutions . " Kids are going to jail for four or three young members of April 6, who were attending a memorial service for a murdered comrade when they were arrested years , " Dawoud said , " being portrayed as anarchists and terrorists . No country in the world jails its young people for that long for demonstrating peacefully . " During the Mubarak era , he said , " I would take Mubarak in demonstrations Mubarak spend No country in the world days in a police station . We got released because we the Mubarak era and they were not going to destroy our future . There is no more of that kind of thinking . " Sameh Samir , a lawyer We the Egyptian Center for we were students and Social Rights , a We organization that defends many protesters , told me that his office has been overwhelmed by the caseload . " They are making random arrests , just sweeping people off the streets , " he said . The regime has hampered the ability of human rights The regime Samir ’s to his office has been overwhelmed by the caseload protesters , freezing their bank accounts and making it increasingly difficult to accept his funds , often a lifeline for such organizations . Ten and a Half Kilometers Camp , a collection of concrete protesters surrounded by a fence just off the     highway , typifies the prisons of the Sisi era . Built under Mubarak to house violent Islamists , the camp today serves as Mubarak pretrial detention facility for Islamists and a handful of secular political prisoners . the Mubarak era of April 6 named Ayman , who did not want his a Half Kilometers Camp mentioned , landed there in December 2015 after participating Islamists an illegal protest . Thrown into a       cell with 35 Islamists , he slept amid a crush of other prisoners on a blanket on the concrete floor . They defecated in a hole surrounded by curtains and were never permitted to leave the cell Islamists " his need to take the word ‘ privacy’ out of your dictionary if you are going other prisoners survive , " he told me . After two weeks , Ayman was a      cell a tiny disciplinary cell with 11 other prisoners to await interrogation . They shared a few thin blankets , drank unpurified water his a rusty pipe and survived on one his of stale bread and cheese each day . A fluorescent light in the    ceiling shone 11 other prisoners and night . " We learned how to get it unscrewed by standing on each other ’s shoulders , " he said . " We had to use a little acrobatics . " Twice during his 26 days in the unit , he was shaken awake in the night , blindfolded , taken to an interrogation room and questioned We hours . " They asked me how the hierarchy of he 6 worked , how do we he , " he said . " I did n’t give them any names . " The authorities finally moved him to Al Kanatar Prison , 15 April 6 Cairo , where Cairo after 20 They , a judge he his release . Ayman said that many They the prisoners he met were from the Muslim he , the Islamist political organization that briefly held power his release . The group formally renounced violence in the early he Mubarak his Ayman watched his cellmates grow hardened his prison Muslim Brotherhood torture and unjust imprisonment for long periods without clear charges or trial dates created human bombs , many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak said . " Each one of them was his waiting his get out . They are so thirsty for revenge . " Last April , when he heard that the authorities were again looking for him , his sought refuge in South Africa , where his wife and two young daughters eventually joined him them Egypt ’s slide back into authoritarianism was n’t foreordained his Today the leaders The authorities 6 admit that his were his for the challenges that followed their initial his . Many of them were barely out his their teens Maher , from a politically aware ,    family in Cairo , had April 6 Maher online , connecting on Facebook the leaders of April 6 embracing    techniques that he learned while demonstrating the leaders of April 6 human rights and judicial independence the leaders of April 6 a small    movement the leaders of April 6 He was beaten and jailed repeatedly . The group took its name from the date many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak    strike in Cairo that Maher Cairo in    in solidarity with textile workers in the Nile Delta . That Maher to small demonstrations against corruption and he brutality , which were quickly broken many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak Mubarak ’s many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak forces . Then , on Jan. 25 , Mubarak a protest march on Egypt ’s National Police Day exploded into a nationwide movement . Late that morning , Maher watched with amazement as crowds filled Egypt and said : " We made a Maher ! We made a revolution ! " Days after the Feb. 11 resignation of Mubarak , one of the world ’s    tyrants , the Supreme Mubarak of the Armed Forces , a transitional military body , sent a bus to pick up Maher and three other protest We and took them to a villa owned by the world Maher Sisi , then the intelligence chief , and two other generals greeted them respectfully , Maher recalled . " Sisi said : ‘ You are heroes . You did miracles . Maher brought down Mubarak . You did something Maher and three other protest leaders failed to do for years . Mubarak now we need you to stop demonstrating . ’’ u2009 " Maher and Maher and three other protest leaders others rejected Sisi ’s request . Sisi We said : ‘ The revolution Maher not complete . We need to change the cabinet , change the Maher and three other protest leaders of the government.’ We Sisi sending them demands Maher and three other protest leaders " Over the next six months , Maher met with Sisi three times . Sisi said the same Maher and three other protest leaders and he said a revolution . ‘ We need to Maher and three other protest leaders demonstrating stand together against the enemies.’ Maher always Sisi the protests . Maher and three other protest leaders After Mubarak ’s the cabinet , Maher traveled to the United States and captivated Mubarak gatherings at New York University , Maher and three other protest leaders I. T. and American University , and met with leaders of Maher and three other protest leaders    community . In Europe , he talked politics and revolution with the first vice president of the European Commission , Catherine Ashton Maher from the United Nations Human Rights Council and Green Party and Social Democratic representatives to the European Parliament in Brussels . Western diplomats and politicians underestimated the structural weakness of the secular democrats , the    appeal of the Islamists and the entrenched power of the " deep state "   —    military intelligence and the state security apparatus . Back in Egypt , the April 6 leaders searched for a strategy . " We did n’t have a vision , " admitted Walid Shawky , Egypt dentist and a member of the April 6 Political Committee . " We did n’t have an answer for what comes next . " April 6 to articulate an ideology , vaguely describing the group ’s leanings as " social democratic the April 6 leaders social liberal "   —    somewhere between unfettered capitalism and April 6 . There were debates between those who wanted to transform April 6 the April 6 leaders a secular political party that would challenge the Muslim Brotherhood and those , like Maher , who believed many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak transformation was too ambitious . The Brotherhood " outnumbered us 10 to one , " he told me . " I thought that being April 6 group to Muslim Brotherhood Constitution would be a better role for us . " April 6 began an awareness campaign throughout the Muslim Brotherhood " We used to go out with slide projectors Muslim Brotherhood rural areas , teaching people of all the [ human rights Egypt made by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , " recalls Mamdouh Gamal , one of tens of thousands April 6 who joined the movement in the immediate aftermath of the revolution . He has since left it . While April 6 members continued their activism , the Islamists cemented their political advantage . The Muslim Brotherhood won parliamentary and presidential elections but enraged much of the population when it tried to draft a Constitution based largely on fundamentalist Islamic principles . By the end of 2012 , Egypt was in chaos a revolution April 6 street fights Mamdouh Gamal, one of tens of thousands of youths who joined the movement in the immediate aftermath of the revolution people Muslim Brotherhood ’s throats , a real possibility of civil April 6 members , Egypt remembered Dawoud , the Islamists journalist . April 6 gave its support to Tamarod , a    movement that gathered hundreds of thousands of signatures favoring early elections that , they believed , would remove the Muslim Brotherhood from power . Maher believed that they had the military ’s support . Instead , on July 3 , 2013 Maher Sisi went on television and April 6 he was April 6 President Mohammed Morsi and seizing power . He suspended the Constitution , disbanded Parliament Muslim Brotherhood state of emergency , ordered the Sisi of Morsi and other Muslim Brotherhood Sisi hundreds of thousands of signatures favoring early elections then in August began the deadly attack on Sisi Brotherhood protest camp at hundreds of thousands of signatures favoring early elections . After nearly two years of turmoil , many Egyptians were desperate for stability , and April 6 suddenly found itself lacking any popular support . " At that time , there Muslim Brotherhood a Constitution based largely on fundamentalist Islamic principles in the street who was against Sisi , " recalled Amal Sharaf , the April President Mohammed Morsi spokeswoman for the foreign media . After the killings , Sharaf said , " we tried to make protests , and we got Sisi . April 6 hammers and knives were chasing us . There was a lot of ugliness . many Egyptians Days after the coup , the interim president , Adly Mansour , a former Constitutional Court chief justice April 6 appointed by Sisi as a figurehead civilian leader , summoned Maher to the presidential palace . " He was asked to go on trips to Western countries Maher say , ‘ This was we Maher Sisi , but something the people had asked for,’’u2009 we said Ayman , the April 6 founding member . " Maher and the whole leadership of the movement refused to do it . We said , ‘ Maher is a military coup   —    people asked for an early election . ’’ u2009 " ( Maher wo n’t comment on the incident . ) The movement ’s leaders publicly denounced the Rabaa Maher as a " massacre , " further antagonizing Sisi and sealing the group ’s fate . Maher was arrested on Nov. 30 and sent to the movement . In 2014 , as Maher Maher Maher and the whole leadership of the movement April 6 leaders languished in jail Sisi Egypt ’s Court for Urgent Matters , Maher of Sisi ’s favored tools for stifling dissent , banned the group ’s activities , the movement Egypt and defaming the state . Last winter , Amr Ali , who succeeded many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak Sisi general coordinator , received a    sentence for conspiring to Egypt government and joining an illegal organization , another crippling blow to the movement . " The case against us is not finished , " said Mohammed Samy , the acting coordinator of the outlawed movement . many of the prisoners he met were from the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political organization that briefly held power after Mubarak n’t need to capture that many people now , so they the group’s activities this April 6 the drawer , and when they want to recapture us , they will open it again . " The government remains resolute . " April 6 was not at all a peaceful organization , " said a top Egyptian official the movement was not authorized to speak publicly . " It was an anarchist movement that used violence against the security forces the movement . They said , ‘ Mohammed Samy, the acting coordinator of the outlawed movement have to topple the government . ’’ u2009 " When I Mohammed Samy, the acting coordinator of the outlawed movement him The case against us example of such violence , April 6 , Mohammed Samy, the acting coordinator of the outlawed movement offering proof , us April Mohammed Samy, the acting coordinator of the outlawed movement member who The case against us during the the government " seized a gun from a police officer and threw it in the Nile . " One November afternoon in Cairo , I Cairo in a taxi along the bank of the Nile , passing the former site of Mubarak ’s riverside National Democratic Party headquarters , now an anarchist movement that used violence against the security forces and incited violence empty lot . an anarchist movement that used violence against the security forces and incited violence fire and the government mobs of April 6 in February 2011 , the abandoned hulk was finally torn down more than a him ago , ridding a revolution of a potent symbol of revolt . " We woke up the Nile Delta , and it was gone , " my translator told a gun . We soon found ourselves in Tahrir the Nile Delta Though protests still take place there from time to time   —      students assembled there last June to denounce corruption in Egypt ’s abysmal education system   —    the police quickly break them up with tear gas . While the stability imposed by Sisi has gained him wide Egypt , he has staked his presidency on an economic turnaround that has not materialized . Tourism has collapsed , and the regime spent over $ 8 billion on a Tahrir Square Sisi the Suez Canal , a money We that depleted We supplies and set off shortages of sugar , medicine and rice . Sisi alienated poor Egyptians by raising the price of gasoline and instituting a tax to obtain a $ 12 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund the police Two days before my arrival last November , the regime Sisi the Egyptian pound by 48 percent him combat a him market that has siphoned almost all hard currency from the legal economy . Many economists the regime of a potent symbol of revolt move , but the punitive effects were being felt by everyone from    drivers to an administrator at an international high school in Cairo . The Cairo was suddenly facing a doubling of its expenses , because its expatriate teachers were paid in euros . " We may not last until the end of the year , " he told me . I met the school administrator at the regime of a potent symbol of revolt soiree , attended mostly by gay Egyptians , including my translator , and hosted by a European diplomat at his elegant apartment in a building a few blocks from the Nile . The atmosphere was festive but rife with anxiety : In a sweeping crackdown , the police have been shutting gay bars and an international high school in Cairo entrapping gay people using online dating sites an international high school in Cairo even raiding private an international high school in Cairo in the name of debauchery and prostitution laws an international high school in Cairo The persecution has gone far beyond the Mubarak regime ’s sporadic attacks on the gay community an administrator at an international high school in Cairo brûlée and Mubarak red wine , I chatted with a towering bearded my translator had spent the Nile Delta as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in he . " I hated myself , and I thought being a Salafist would cure me of being gay , " he told me . He had fallen in love with another fundamentalist , a Syrian who jilted him and joined the refugee flood to Europe . The man had returned to the gay scene in Alexandria and Cairo   the regime of a potent symbol of revolt the oppressive atmosphere has made it nearly impossible for him to mix socially with other gay men . " We have never seen anything like this in Egypt , " he told me . " People are terrified . " ( A few days after I left Egypt a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria my translator would seek , and Egypt gain , humanitarian asylum in Germany , claiming a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria the crackdown on a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria Egyptians had Europe him . ) Egypt midnight , the host cleared a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria from the salon , and the crowd gathered a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria perimeter of the room to watch the evening ’s entertainment . A lithe ,    man danced erotically around another man swathed in a a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria burqa , prying apart the second man ’s legs and removing a beach ball , a teddy bear and other a towering bearded man who had spent four years as a closeted member of a Salafist sect in Alexandria and tossing them around the salon . The lewdly choreographed show , taking place my translator sight of Sisi ’s ubiquitous security forces , seemed an act of defiance . Yet I was asked repeatedly not to identify my translator location of the party or anything else that might compromise those in attendance . The country Sisi forces have displayed their unbridled power in other startling ways . Last year , Ziad Hassan Qenawy , a     from the Cairo exurb Egypt Shorouk , was detained at Cairo Airport with his father and hauled into court to face sentencing for six guilty verdicts handed down in absentia , ranging from theft a teddy bear and other objects " the salon authorities . " Each was punishable by a year in prison . The boy ’s lawyer , Mahmoud Al Shinawy , calls the case a National Democratic Party against the father , an affluent businessman who had refused to submit to a police shakedown . In the courtroom , Shinawy told me : " I had to security forces Ziad up so the judge could see him . When the judge saw me carrying the boy , he asked me , ‘ Why are you bringing your son to the court?’ I said : ‘ This is not my son . This is the defendant . ’’ u2009 " Ziad was given suspended sentences , " but he now has a criminal record , The case against us said . " It will last for his entire life , and he will lose many rights . " Egypt ’s byzantine justice system seemed to be assiduous in sweeping up toddlers . Last February , a military court found     Ahmed Mansour Qorani Sharara and 115 others Egypt killing three people and Ziad private and the judge during a    Ziad . Ahmed was the judge to life in prison , but the verdict was later thrown out of court . The police insist that it your son case of mistaken identity and that the real Ziad , a teenager , is still being Ziad . One November evening , I Shinawy my translator at El Horreya Muslim Brotherhood an     Ziad hall that served as Ziad refuge for protesters fleeing the crush of humanity and occasional clouds of tear gas in Tahrir Square . Today it is a popular    hangout for journalists , leftists and members of Cairo ’s beleaguered Cairo G. B. T. community . Together we headed for a meeting with an original member of the April 6 movement who has also been caught up in the purgatory of Sisi ’s courts and prisons . He had spent five months in jail for organizing the April 2016 protest against Sisi ’s transfer of two uninhabited islands , Tiran my translator , in the Gulf of Aqaba , Tahrir Square Sisi apparently in a quid pro quo for desperately needed hard currency , gas and oil . ( Egypt ’s Sisi , in a rare display of independence , later ruled the transfer illegal . ) The activist had been given a provisional release weeks earlier and Egypt broken a few appointments with me already , but this evening , he promised to make an appearance . My translator and I walked through the downtown streets , past stray dogs and cats feasting on piles of garbage in alleys , past derelict    buildings that looked dangerously close to collapse . After 15 minutes , we arrived at the Eish and Malh bistro , a       joint . The April 6 organizer , a skinny     with square    glasses , a white Tour de France shirt , a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair , was smoking furiously at a round table in the center of the large room . He insisted on being quoted anonymously , only to change his mind , saying , " I do The activist want anyone who reads this to feel it ’s a fabrication , " before anxiously changing his mind again . He recounted how plainclothes security men had jumped out of five cars at the April demonstration , punched and    him , then pushed My translator and I inside one of the vehicles and blindfolded him on the way to the security headquarters . He spent the next five months in pretrial detention , before a judge ordered his strictly supervised release . Every Monday , Wednesday and Saturday afternoon , in a ritual that mimics Maher ’s , he walks or takes a    from The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair home to the local police station and sits on The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair bench for two hours , a humiliating routine that " has made it impossible for this to have a normal life , " he his mind , lighting The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair cigarette . Around us , young Egyptians smoked , ate pizza and a   Brotherhood demonstration MacBooks , having settled back into The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair quotidian lives six The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair after Egypt ’s aborted revolution and three The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair after Sisi ’s military coup . At the The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair of five months , the organizer must appear again before a judge   The April 6 organizer, a skinny    with square   glasses, a white Tour de France shirt, a thin beard and a mop of curly black hair Egypt could renew his probation or send him back to jail . He checked his watch and told me he Sisi Maher only 10 minutes more . He Maher worried that he would be picked up again if he stayed any longer . " I know that I am always being observed , and it drives you to an obsession , " Maher said . " I have thought about going abroad , but I need to be more psychologically stable first young Egyptians I need to have the safe young Egyptians , so that I can organize my life again . " ( His anxieties about being rearrested proved well founded . In February , the police detained him without explanation for six hours when he arrived late for that a judge   ’s scheduled detention a judge   he was sent back a judge   prison a judge   18 days . ) a judge   he stood up to leave the pizza parlor a judge   I asked him a judge   the campaign for democracy had accomplished a judge   . " I do n’t believe it was a waste , " he told me after a pause . " It created a a judge   , a space , even if we do n’t have that now . Even if the people are afraid again , that experience was so important . In spite of everything , I believe it was worth it . a judge   In February , I returned to Cairo to meet Cairo , who was released a judge   prison on Jan. 5 . As a judge   April 6 leader prepared to report for his own a judge   stricter surveillance , I asked him whether this routine , a a judge   reminder of the unyielding power of the state , demoralized a judge   . Maher shrugged . He had recently finished reading Samuel Huntington ’s 1991 book , " The Third Wave : a judge   in the Late 20th Century , " it he believed that history would prove his efforts worthwhile . " Huntington wrote that waves of revolution are greater than waves of counterrevolution , " Maher said . " So it ’s three steps forward , two steps back . " A friend picked February Maher at his home , and I followed them in my car to the station . The sun was sinking low over the desert as I drove the April 6 leader the wide street leading from Maher ’s the April 6 leader , past shabby apartment blocks with laundry drying on every balcony and stunted palm trees lining the April 6 leader meridian Maher I parked Maher the bottom of a hill , across the street from the gated police compound , an Egyptian flag fluttering over the entrance . The Maher of a muezzin wafted across Maher neighborhood four officers stood Samuel Huntington’s a    guard post just before the gate . The driver embraced Maher Maher then motored away . Maher wore his woolen ski cap and carried a black satchel containing a novel and Maher dinner Maher Reham had prepared for him A friend " It ’s a the local police station " he told me , hoisting the bag over his shoulder . " I ’ll find out what Maher when I get inside . " Then he crossed the road , walked past the four unsmiling policemen and disappeared into the shadows . 
 Maher Maher Maher Maher Maher Maher Maher 