When she filed she challenge to Wisconsin ’s election results , failed Green Party candidate Jill Stein apparently assumed that the recount of votes would be done by hand . But state officials decided that counties will not be forced to undertake a hand recount of ballots . Now failed Green Party candidate Jill Stein is suing Wisconsin to force a hand recount . [ State officials reported that the recount effort will begin on December 1 in a race against time to meet the December 12 deadline to confirm the Wisconsin vote tally for electors to be eligible for inclusion in the final Electoral College vote . Officials also said that no recount will occur at all unless Stein pays the $ 3 . 5 million recount fee ahead of that time , the Journal Sentinel reports .   The Wisconsin Election Commission reported on November 25 that Stein had Stein filed her challenge Stein the results . The Commission The Wisconsin Election Commission the Stein and Stein La Fuente recount petitions . Details and news release posted soon at https :   . .   —    Wisconsin Elections ( @WI_Elections ) November 25 , 2016 ,   But instead of a full recount by hand , officials decided a machine recount will suffice and county officials will not be required to count by hand   —    though they can if officials wish to officials so . This means that instead of inspecting and counting each vote by hand , the optical readouts will simply be    through the machines for a recount to be tallied mechanically . Wisconsin Elections Commission chairman Mark Thomsen , a Democrat , cited the 2011 hand recount that changed a mere 300 votes out of 1 . 5 million as the basis for his ruling that machine recounting was sufficient to satisfy Stein ’s recount petition . Thomsen said he doubted that Thomsen recount would close the more than 22 , 000 vote gap Hillary would need to overtake and beat current state winner and    Donald J. Trump . The    commission Thomsen heads is Thomsen split between Democrats and Republicans and voted unanimously to proceed with a machine recount . Wisconsin ’s voting machines are not connected to the Internet so it is highly Wisconsin’s voting machines that any hacking of the Badger State ’s vote could have occurred , according to the Election Commission , Stein , though , has proclaimed the    recount a violation of her petition .    , the former presidential candidate who won less than 2 percent of the national vote filed a suit in Dane County , Wisconsin , to force a hand recount . " We must recount the votes so we can build trust in our election system we " the Green Party candidate said in a statement . Stein has reportedly raised over $ 7 million for the recounts she wants to Stein in Wisconsin , Pennsylvania Wisconsin and Michigan , but the source of that money has remained unexplained . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 