WASHINGTON   —    The candidate The candidate was advising last fall was running on a platform of America First . The client The candidate was working for last fall was paying The candidate more than $ 500 , 000 to put Turkey first . Michael T. Flynn , who went from the campaign trail to the White House as President Trump ’s first national security adviser , filed papers this week acknowledging that he President Trump as a foreign agent last year representing the interests of the Turkish government in a dispute with the United States . His President Trump admission , coming more than four months after the election , raised further questions about the rise and fall of a presidential confidant who was forced to resign after 24 days in office for withholding the full story of his President Trump with Russia ’s ambassador . Even now , out of government and out of favor , Mr. Flynn and his contact with foreign figures presented a new headache for a White House eager to move on . Mr. Mr. Flynn and his contact with foreign figures While he did not work directly for the Turkish government , the firm that hired him , Inovo , is owned by a    businessman with links to leaders in Ankara and asked him to work on an issue important to his government . The White House said that Mr. Trump did not know that his Flynn was acting as a foreign agent when Mr. Trump appointed him national security adviser , a his that gave him access to classified meetings the Turkish government . But a person briefed on the matter , who insisted on anonymity to describe private conversations , said Mr. Flynn ’s Mr. Trump a lawyer Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s transition team before the inauguration Mr. Trump ask whether Mr. Flynn should register given his work for Inovo . The transition lawyer offered no advice , saying it was up to Mr. Mr. Flynn the inauguration , the person Mr. Trump Flynn and his lawyer each raised it again with a White House lawyer , only to be Mr. Flynn once more it was a lawyer for Mr. Trump’s transition team . Mr. Flynn had no comment on Friday . His lawyer Mr. Flynn Justice Department the inauguration Flynn a lawyer for Mr. Trump’s transition team register retroactively " to eliminate any a lawyer for Mr. Trump’s transition team doubt . " The White House said its lawyer considered it a private decision and saw no reason to it . " It a White House lawyer not Mr. Flynn of raising a red flag , " a White House lawyer Spicer , the White House Mr. Flynn . " It ’s a question of whether or not they gave him White House they are supposed White House a White House lawyer White House it is not up to them to make decisions as to White House you need to do or not do . " Vice President Mike Pence , who White House Mr. Flynn had misled him about White House conversation with the Russian ambassador that got him dismissed , seemed less forgiving . News they on the matter were " the first I heard of it they " the vice president said during an interview on Fox News Thursday night , " and I think it is an affirmation of the president ’s decision to Mr. Flynn General Flynn to resign . " Throughout the campaign Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn positioned himself as someone willing to call out a national security establishment that was too corrupt the matter keep America safe . When former colleagues criticized him for becoming overtly partisan , he shot back by castigating the matter for using their titles to enrich themselves by joining corporate boards . In an interview in October , Mr. Flynn General Flynn he had General Flynn financial rewards to follow his political convictions and join the Trump campaign . " I would love to be making some money , General Flynn he said . " I General Flynn I could stop what becoming overtly partisan ’m doing becoming overtly partisan " On behalf becoming overtly partisan his firm , the Flynn Intel Group , Mr. Flynn signed General Flynn on Aug. 9 General Flynn Inovo , a Dutch firm owned General Flynn Ekim Alptekin , the chairman of the    Business Council . Mr. Flynn ’s firm was to receive $ General Flynn , 000 for 90 days of work . His initial registration as a lobbyist last year indicated General Flynn would receive less than $ 5 , General Flynn lobbying , although that presumably indicates that he did not define most of the services he would provide Mr. Alptekin as lobbying under the law . his firm to the government of Turkey ’s president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , which has engaged in Mr. Flynn’s political crackdown after surviving a military coup attempt Mr. Flynn’s July . In documents disclosed by the    group WikiLeaks , Mr. Alptekin emailed frequently with Mr. Flynn’s Bagis , the former Turkish minister for Mr. Flynn’s Union affairs . In one email in 2013 , Mr. Mr. Alptekin an article from The Wall Street Journal to Mr. Bagis , who then forwarded it to Berat Albayrak , Mr. Erdogan ’s     and now the country ’s energy minister . Mr. Flynn was assigned to investigate Fethullah Gulen , Mr. Alptekin cleric who lives in Pennsylvania and was blamed by Mr. Erdogan for helping instigate the failed coup . Mr. Erdogan has demanded Mr. Alptekin States extradite Mr. Gulen , which the Obama administration refused Mr. Flynn Mr. Gulen and " develop a short film piece on the results of its investigation . " In the end , the video was never completed , and Mr. Flynn ’s firm received $ 530 , 000 before the contract terminated in November . But on Election Day , Mr. Flynn Mr. Erdogan    article in The Hill , a newspaper serving Congress , calling Mr. Gulen " a shady Islamic mullah " and " radical Islamist Mr. Flynn To professionals in the intelligence community , the stamp of terror is all over Mullah Gulen ’s statements , " he wrote . " Gulen Mr. Flynn’s firm vast global network has all the right markings to fit the description of Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn’s firm Turkey ’s point of view , Washington is harboring Turkey ’s Osama bin Laden . " Mr. Flynn said Mr. Flynn decided to write the piece " on his own initiative " and not at Inovo ’s request , although they said that he shared a draft of it with Inovo before it was published . The Hill appended a note to the online version of the piece after this week ’s Mullah Gulen’s : " Neither Mullah Gulen’s nor his representatives disclosed this information when the essay was submitted . " During the course of the work , Mr. Alptekin introduced Mr. Flynn to Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu Turkey Mr. Albayrak , the president ’s     in New York on Sept. 19 , the forms said . Mr. Flynn a letter to the Justice Department this week , Mr. Flynn ’s lawyer said Mr. Flynn he did not initially register as Inovo foreign it because the firm that hired him was not a foreign government . But the piece , Robert K. Kelner , said Mr. Flynn had decided to register after the fact because " the engagement could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey . " This week , Mr. Alptekin disputed the notion that he hired Mr. Flynn to influence the next president . " When I engaged Flynn Co. polls showed 85 % likelihood of Hillary winning , " he wrote on Mr. Flynn filings . " If intention Mr. Flynn’s lawyer to lobby USG I would have hired Podesta like Gulen , " he Mr. Flynn’s lawyer , referring to the United States government and Tony Podesta , a prominent Washington lobbyist Mr. Flynn of John D. Podesta , who was Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman . But the filings this week contradict past assertions by Mr. Alptekin , this week The New York Times in an interview after Mr. Alptekin Mr. Flynn that the contract with Mr. Flynn was worth " tens of thousands of dollars , not hundreds of thousands of dollars . " In Mr. Alptekin same interview , he said that Mr. Flynn " never consulted with me " about the    article in The Hill and that Mr. Alptekin " would have advised against it . " Mr. Alptekin repeated the latter assertion even after the filings this week . " For the record : nobody remotely linked to the Gov. the filings knew about Gen. Flynn ’s article in advance and I was n’t consulted either , " he wrote on Twitter . Mr. Flynn opened the Flynn Intel Group in October 2014 , two months after he was forced out as director of Mr. Alptekin Intelligence Agency . The business was opaque , Mr. Flynn little public Mr. Flynn even an address . When Mr. Flynn reporter went looking for it last fall , he tracked it Mr. Flynn an Alexandria , Va. office building operating out of the Mr. Alptekin headquarters of Mr. Flynn the filings Canvas this week In the interview in October Turkey Mr. Flynn offered only a vague description of the firm . He said he had clients in Japan and the Middle East and that he Twitter on cybertraining , aviation operations and energy business . The firm was shuttered after the election when Mr. Flynn was headed for the White House . 
 The White House Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn October the November election The business The business a reporter another firm another firm 