Tuesday on Fox News Channel ’s " America ’s Newsroom , " Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer laid out what Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer sees as the future of Republican Party if party nominee Donald Trump wins or loses the election .   In the first scenario , Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer discusses what happens if party nominee Donald Trump wins , which party nominee Donald Trump argues changes Republican Party . " The first things he will party nominee Donald Trump is irreversibly reshape the party Republican Party he said . party nominee Donald Trump This was the party of Reagan and the Bush years were sort of an echo of the Reagan years . Reagan defined the Reagan of the party . Republican Party do that party nominee Donald Trump it will be changed party nominee Donald Trump Particularly the most obvious issues will immigration and trade . This will be a new party   —    a populist party . The country will not have a conservative party in sense of a Reaganite party and you do that by appointing the cabinet , which establishes the leaders of your movement in many areas of life . Obviously the RNC chair will be his choice . And RNC think he will influence who RNC leaders in Congress are . So , he shapes the party RNC That a Reaganite party happens on both sides . " If he loses , Krauthammer predicts RNC will still have a role in Republican Party politics . " I do n’t think he is a Michael Dukakis RNC I do n’t think he is a Bob Dole RNC " Krauthammer said . " This Krauthammer not a guy who will lose I think and walk away . He feels he has created RNC . RNC think he is right about that RNC He created this populist movement RNC —    very unusual in U. S. history . It happens . But , you know , a generation or two separated from each other . And it changes the GOP if It goes from conservativism to It . I think , this is guess , of course it will be his choice , he can walk away and his movement will likely wither until some younger , newer leader comes along , but I think he stays in the game his He becomes the kingmaker . his he loses by a respectable his , say less than Romney did or within that range , I think he becomes a de facto his of the party and I think Paul Ryan represents the older Reaganite consensus and I think , look , the civil war will begin on Wednesday . It will begin tomorrow morning the civil war " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 