Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is mocking Donald Trump as " Donkey of the Decade , " and adding that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton considers the billionaire presidential candidate a " cancer " whose politics scare Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . [ " I think Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is ‘ Donkey of the Decade,’ Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , referring to Trump Donald Trump an interview with The Breakfast Club radio show in New York city . ( Clinton Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton referring to a popular daily feature of the show hosts " Donkey of the Day . ")   But Clinton Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admitted that she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Trump Donald Trump " He Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton scare me , because what he Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying he Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton do is wrong for our country , " she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " It ’s not only offensive to people and kind of makes you cringe , it It dangerous . " Clinton Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Trump Donald Trump people against each other and " inciting violence " during his Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , playing to the " worst instincts " of Americans . " It ’s just in violation of American values and New York values for sure , " she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Clinton Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton that Trump is Donald Trump equally dangerous " in his Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on foreign policy , citing his Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton about nuclear weapons as proof . She Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton that although she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton n’t won the nomination of the Democratic party , she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to continue to challenge Trump during Donald Trump Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " I ’m taking him on more forcefully    …      we ca n’t let that stand , " she Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " That is a cancer . You know you do n’t let the cancer a cancer and bigger . " When asked by the hosts about her Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton with Trump , Donald Trump admitted that she knew him Clinton that Clinton Clinton played golf with the real estate mogul , but said that they were n’t she knew him and that Bill Clinton played golf with the real estate mogul . She said she Clinton like Clinton New Yorkers , were shocked by the tone of his presidential campaign Clinton " This has been a surprise . It ’s been This surprise to a lot of people , " she said , Clinton out that although she knew that Clinton had a " big ego , " she was unaware Clinton his more controversial Trump . " This prejudice , this paranoia , this bigotry , that I had not seen before , " she said . Clinton criticized Republicans Clinton failing to criticize Trump for his Trump , Trump all Americans to fight back against his poisonous rhetoric Trump " I hope that people are going to speak out loudly and clearly and not tune it out , " she said . Clinton Because we got ta repudiate the guy , and what he is saying the guy everybody needs to be on the same page . " " Everybody needs to be going after him , " the guy added . Clinton 