Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld stated Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld was " glad that we were suckered " into covering former Alaska Governor and GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin ’s endorsement of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump over " Hillary Rodham Clinton having    classified information on Sarah Palin’s email " and the endorsement " shows in a way the opportunism of a lot of top conservative leaders " on Tuesday ’s broadcast of " The Five . "   Gutfeld said , " Sarah Palin’s ’s endorsement is massive , because Palin’s endorsement will definitely get Palin’s vote . And I think that ’s really important , and I think it that bigger than Hillary Rodham Clinton having    classified information on her Hillary Rodham Clinton . So I ’m glad that we were suckered into leading with this huge , huge announcement . But the rub here is you have a staunch religious conservative tossing aside a staunch religious conservative for a Rockefeller Republican . And it shows in a way the opportunism of a lot of top conservative leaders , when they see the bandwagon , they they on the the bandwagon " He later stated , " I do see a lot of religious conservatives and    conservatives going to Trump , because they sense a lot of religious conservatives and   conservatives going to Trump might He a winner and Cruz is n’t . Why would you be sacrificing your ideological beliefs otherwise ? " After the discussion turned to the feud between Trump and Trump candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz Cruz , Gutfeld stated , " Well , it ’s Gutfeld because you were talking   —    you talked about how important is   . Well , you have seen some conservative commentators just totally abandon that . There was one famous one , who said she did n’t care if Donald Trump Trump abortions in the White House . She said that she We know who that is . But I have no sympathy for Ted Cruz right fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz Cruz because an appeaser   —    is , that saying goes , an appeaser is a person who feeds a crocodile , hoping that the crocodile eats him a crocodile Cruz fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz Cruz to denounce fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz Cruz ’s attacks on [ Sen. ] John McCain ( ) as well as other notable righties , did not go after Trump for making fun of Trump’s for being a POW . So , now Trump is eating him last Trump’s " Gutfeld Trump’s argued the primary " should be based on whether this person can beat Hillary Clinton not about how great it feels to have an    candidate . " And " Trump has a better chance Trump’s —    way better chance than Cruz of winning . There ’s no question . " Gutfeld also said that Trump Gutfeld be " the Trump’s agnostic president in a row . " And that while he does n’t mind Trump Gutfeld not being religious Trump’s " It ’s the people who are religious , who are suddenly abandoning their religion for him . " Follow Ian Hanchett Trump’s Twitter @IanHanchett 
 