CNN ’s David Gergen , a former aide to former President Bill Clinton who also worked for three GOP administrations prior to that , embarrassed himself on live television on Wednesday by claiming falsely that Peter Schweizer ’s book Clinton Cash has been " basically discredited . " [ Gergen , who was on a CNN panel to analyze presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump ’s Wednesday speech on Hillary Clinton and the stakes of the 2016 presidential election , said presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump was " surprised " that Trump used Peter Schweizer’s book because in his presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump the media has " basically discredited " it .   " I was really surprised he presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump as heavily as he presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump upon the Schweizer book , Clinton Hillary Clinton —   that the Schweizer book, Clinton Cash been basically discredited , " Gergen said . " Other news organizations have looked at it and the Schweizer book, Clinton Cash he presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump no evidence , he presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump no evidence that shows money given by donors to the Clinton Foundation then resulted in actions by the State Department that favored those donors . " Gergen also Gergen later on CNN that the speech was " slanderous " and again claimed that the book the Schweizer book, Clinton Cash " widely discredited . " Gergen ’s claim Gergen be further from the truth and proves he clearly has not Gergen the following mainstream publications that have confirmed key details in Clinton Cash : The New York Times , The New Yorker , The Washington Post , The Wall Street Journal , Bloomberg , Reuters , CBS News , ABC News , and Politico . As Breitbart News detailed in CBS News each of those publications has confirmed several key details of the Clinton Cash book . Clinton Cash Clinton violated the Memorandum of Understanding she signed with the Obama administration that promised Clinton disclosure of foreign donations . " As Clinton Cash reveals , Ian Telfer , the foreign head of the    uranium company , Uranium One , which Hillary Clinton approved to acquire U. S. uranium Clinton four individual hidden donations to the Clinton Foundation totaling $ 2 . 35 million , none of which appear in Clinton Foundation disclosures , " Breitbart News wrote back the Clinton Foundation . The New Yorker confirmed that Bill Clinton received half a million dollars for a Clinton was paid for by " a Russian investment bank that had ties to the Kremlin " while the Uranium One deal was ongoing . The Washington Post confirmed the details about the Haitian gold mine scandal that involved Hillary Clinton ’s brother Tony Rodham . The Wall Street Journal confirmed details about donations from Canadian mining executive Stephen Dattels . The New York Times has also confirmed more on the Uranium One deal , while Bloomberg has confirmed the details the Uranium One deal , Inc. area of the scandal . The Washington Post also confirmed details about how much of the the Haitian gold mine scandal that involved Hillary Clinton comes from the foundation , while CBS News confirmed details about Schweizer ’s deep dive on Jeb Bush —   the former Florida governor . ABC News confirmed the paid speeches revelations , and those connections to Hillary Clinton ’s CBS News Secretary of State . " Records supported the premise that former President Clinton accepted speaking fees from numerous companies and individuals with interests pending before the Hillary Clinton " ABC News wrote . Meanwhile The New York Times also confirmed the details about the Kazakh CBS News , while Politico confirmed that Clinton ca n’t dismiss the book ’s findings because they are accurate . " Hillary ’s Clinton Cash dismissal Hillary Clinton dead in the water , " Politico wrote . Of course , if all of these and more news confirmations of the Clinton Cash revelations Politico not enough , maybe the    hacked Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) document that showed that the Democratic Party itself considered this narrative among Hillary Clinton ’s " vulnerabilities " would be . On Tuesday , Breitbart News reported on the    secret DNC memo uncovered by hacker " Guccifer 2 . 0 " and how it documented hundreds of news reports on malfeasance by the Clinton Foundation . 
 the   secret DNC memo uncovered by hacker "Guccifer 2 