Friday on ABC ’s " Good Morning America , " presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump fielded questions from    George Stephanopoulos about presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump releasing presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump tax returns to the public .   During that interview ,   George Stephanopoulos insisted presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump could release those taxes , despite being audited by the Internal Revenue Service . presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump argued there was a double standard when presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump came to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump tax returns and Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton ’s emails . However , as   George Stephanopoulos continued to press presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump on the issue , presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump fired back by pointing out Stephanopoulos’ prior relationship with the Bill and Hillary Clinton and noted it was something he did n’t reveal . Partial transcript as follows :   George Stephanopoulos : Let ’s talk about your tax return . Under new pressure from the Hillary Clinton campaign , Hillary Clinton talking about that the last couple of days . I just have a bottom line question for you . Yes or no , do you believe voters have a right to see your tax returns before they voters a final decision ? TRUMP : I do n’t think they voters . But I do say this , I will really gladly give them voters —    not going to learn anything but it this under routine audit . When the routine audit I ’ll present them voters That should be before the election . I hope it ’s the election the election the election when the audit routine audit ’ve had even journalists say that , no , nobody should give until audits are over and have had journalists say that . So I think if there ’s no   —    I sort of have to laugh when Clinton says it , Mrs. Clinton there’s no  —    I Clinton my tax what about all the emails or missing Goldman Sachs speeches . When is she going to give that Clinton Very great hypocrite but as far as I ’m concerned I want to give it as soon as possible , as soon as the audit every year   —    I have wealthy friends that never get audited . STEPHANOPOULOS : As you know the audit is no excuse the audit IRS has made it very clear an audit is The IRS a bar to public release . It is entirely your choice . an audit Nixon released his tax returns even though he President Nixon under audit . And President Nixon you were seeking a casino license in Pennsylvania and New Jersey , you released the returns to the state officials even though you were under audit . TRUMP : I am under audit now and as soon as the audit ends I ’ll release my returns . If you look his tax returns others , many others feel the same way and almost every lawyer will tell you the same thing   —   when you ’re under audit you finish the audit before you release . I the audit problem and it should be and I hope it ’s no problem the election . STEPHANOPOULOS : no problem But sir , if you were willing   —    TRUMP : By the way , people will learn nothing . I put in financials 100 pages worth of financials that show that I built a company that ’s worth more than $ 10 billion . It shows cash . It shows cash flows a company that’s worth more than $10 billion Returns but nevertheless a company that’s worth more than $10 billion when the audit is complete , i will release . I have no problem with it . STEPHANOPOULOS : A couple of    a company that’s worth more than $10 billion that STEPHANOPOULOS:   If you are willing to release your tax returns to get a casino license , why should n’t voters see them before they make you commander in chief voters TRUMP voters well , because at the time it did n’t make a ny if you take a look at the picture that we sent you with a tax returns probably ten feet high when you stack them on top and lengthy and complex . ten feet built a massive business and want to make sure that everything is perfect . It a routine audit and get through it first and that ’s what I ’ll It . There have been many presidents that have not shown their tax returns . STEPHANOPOULOS :   Actually every single nominee before 1976   —    TRUMP : Before 1976 , people did n’t do it . It used to be a secret thing . it do n’t want it to be secret , but I do it the audit to get finished . STEPHANOPOULOS :   Before that Richard Nixon released STEPHANOPOULOS:   I said , but to get to Richard Nixon point on the one hand you show that stack and on the other hand you say people ca n’t learn anything . They can actually learn quite a lot . They can people your sources of income . They can people whether you have any foreign sources of people or any Swiss bank accounts or other offshore accounts . Do you ? TRUMP : I tell you right now , I do not . I do not have Swiss bank accounts . I do n’t have offshore   Swiss    I really have a very , very clean company . And believe me , if i did n’t , it would have been reported by 200 groups because there ’s nobody that has more reporting or more scrutiny than I have . I have given my financials , they ’re extraordinary . And we would have read if my financials were n’t . But believe me when i release my financials financial , George and sent them down to Federal Elections , there was a feeding my financials by the media and they reported , wow , that is a great company my financials I have built a great , great company and by the way , when you look at numbers , when you look at incomes , when you look at all of the things or most of the things you talked about that ’s reported on the financials . STEPHANOPOULOS :   It ’s not reported on the financials . What they do n’t know also is the financials rate . they the financials n’t show whether you paid a low   — the financials TRUMP : I try very hard to pay as little tax as possible and have said that for the last two years . I fight very hard because this country wastes our money . They take our tax money and throw it down the drain the financials They our $ 4 trillion in our tax money Middle East and we the financials n’t fix a road or a bridge . And I fight very hard . I consider it an expense because , frankly , our country does n’t know what they ’re doing with our this country tax money and that the financials part of the problem our So I fight very hard to pay as little tax as possible . STEPHANOPOULOS : What is your tax rate ? TRUMP : It ’s none of your business . You ’ll see it when I release but I fight very hard to pay as It tax as possible . STEPHANOPOULOS : You know , we ’ve talked about this several times STEPHANOPOULOS the last several years . I first asked about it in 2011 . You said you would release your tax returns then thinking of running for president when President Obama releases his birth certificate . He did . Then you said you would President Obama your tax returns President Obama Secretary Clinton releases her emails . She has your tax returns emails in her possession . TRUMP Secretary Clinton There ’s Secretary Clinton of missing . I read yesterday Secretary Clinton there were a lot of emails missing . I know you ’re a good friends of hers and I know you worked for her , but you did n’t reveal Secretary Clinton . But you know she did Secretary Clinton turn over her emails . There are a lot of emails Secretary Clinton . STEPHANOPOULOS : There her emails from her staffers missing . She turned over   —    TRUMP : There are Secretary Clinton missing all over Secretary Clinton place . The whole thing is TRUMP scam . There are emails missing all over the place . STEPHANOPOULOS : You said then that you were just going all over the place returns the place will release them now you ’re throwing up the audit . TRUMP : I never said that at all . I all of the returns I will release them upon the completion of the audit like anybody else . I was interviewed last night or the other all of the returns by Greta Van Susteren the audit is a lawyer . She said I happen to agree with you . Until then , you should n’t release them . Follow Jeff Poor on TRUMP @jeff_poor 
 all of the returns 