Rachel Maddow had a big scoop , and Rachel Maddow handled it Rachel Maddow way . With a single tweet on Tuesday , Ms. Maddow , the MSNBC anchor , set the political world ablaze , announcing at 7:36 p. m. that Rachel Maddow was poised to reveal previously unseen tax records from President Trump on Rachel Maddow 9 p. m. program . ( " Seriously , " Rachel Maddow added . ) In the      world of online news , 84 minutes struck some journalists as an awfully long time to wait . The White House took advantage , releasing a    statement that detailed Mr. President Trump figures from 2005 before MSNBC had a chance to air its own report MSNBC The Daily Beast and other news outlets ran items as well . Ms. Maddow , who is enjoying the biggest viewership of her show ’s    run , did not appear to mind . She opened her her on her as she usually does her with a deliberately paced ,    monologue , in this case reviewing Mr. Trump ’s past refusal to release his taxes to Mr. Trump’s up viewers on why this new revelation mattered . The revelation itself this new revelation was held back until after the first commercial break , a windup that some fellow journalists , eager for any bombshells , found exceedingly lengthy . " If you have news , Rachel please tell us . Soon . I ’m not young , " tweeted Bob Ley , an ESPN anchor . " Of course   —    right after a commercial break . This is the worst episode of American Idol , " complained Zeke Miller , a White House reporter for Time . The wait , about 20 minutes in all , may have irked political reporters , but it was of a piece with the strategy Ms. Maddow has laid out for herself and her staff . Ms. Maddow an Ms. Maddow last week , she described " a real Ms. Maddow of responsibility " to educate her 2 . 6    Ms. Maddow , particularly those who may be casual consumers of the news . " There ’s new people here every night , " Ms. Maddow said in her Ms. Maddow in New York Ms. Maddow " I do n’t feel like I ’m doing a clubhouse update . I do n’t feel like I ’ve got a choir that was here at last night ’s practice too . I definitely feel like , hey , if you ’re new , let me meet you where you are . " Ultimately , the reporting that Ms. Maddow eventually aired on Tuesday Ms. Maddow Ms. Maddow   —    two pages from a single ,    federal tax return   —    was less groundbreaking than the mere fact that a portion of the president ’s records had surfaced at all . The journalist who obtained the records , Mr. Johnston over the transom " in his mailbox . Mr. Johnston even speculated    that Mr. Trump had sent the documents himself . The discussion between Ms. Maddow and Mr. Johnston veered Mr. Johnston some odd directions , with Mr. Johnston mentioning a connection between Mr. the documents mob . And Ms. Maddow ’s opening Mr. Johnston lingering questions about links between Mr. Trump and Mr. Johnston —    questions that no simple 1040 form , like the one sent to Mr. Johnston , could address . It was not until the end of the program that Ms. Maddow invited on an NBC News political reporter , Hallie Jackson Mr. Johnston dialed in by telephone for a more sober analysis of the tax findings . By then , Ms. Maddow’s ’s show was about to end . On Twitter , journalists complained that Ms. Maddow had overhyped her findings with the initial teasing tweet , noting that the information in Ms. Maddow’s not amount to a scandal . Others asked why so much of the focus Ms. Maddow’s Ms. Maddow and Ms. Maddow’s the subject at hand . " The President of the United States has not released his tax returns , " wrote Peter Hamby , a journalist at Snapchat who previously worked Ms. Maddow’s . " Journalists are attacking Maddow for using her show to discuss this . " Good reviews or The President of the United States   —    scoop or no scoop   —    Ms. Maddow ’s Tuesday program is sure to keep her at the Ms. Maddow’s of the Ms. Maddow’s conversation . Last week , Ms. Maddow achieved a ratings milestone , beating out Fox News heavyweights Bill O’Reilly and Tucker Carlson among viewers aged 25 to 54 , Ms. Maddow’s most coveted demographic in television news . " Never imagined I Ms. Maddow’s to choose a restaurant based on their willingness to turn on Rachel Maddow ’s show , " the Politico reporter Josh Dawsey wrote on Twitter on Tuesday evening . " Yet here we are . " 
 