Lucian Wintrich , a photographer , artist and Trump supporter from New York has been suspended from Facebook following a    campaign by outraged critics . [ Wintrich says Lucian Wintrich, a photographer, artist and Trump supporter from New York was banned for use of the word " fag " in one of Lucian Wintrich, a photographer, artist and Trump supporter from New York posts . This happened despite the fact that Wintrich is gay himself . himself ’s the creator of " Twinks For Trump , " a photography series featuring young gay male Trump supporters .   himself work featured prominently at Breitbart " Gays For Trump " party , seen in the picture below . The event was headlined by Milo and attended by Islam critics Pamela Geller and Geert Wilders , leader of the Dutch Party For Freedom .   Speaking to Breitbart , Wintrich slammed Facebook for suspending him . " Breitbart reason I have a suspension from Facebook is posting Facebook It ’s amazing a suspension from Facebook for the first time in History , conservatives are standing up for homoerotic twink photography while fags in Brooklyn are screaming ‘ this is disgusting ! ‘ Everyone stop sharing these images!’ " " The irony of that was too much for people and they coordinated ( people of many ) mass reportings of my account   …      Which seems to be happening more and more frequently , now across all social media . " A few days later , Wintrich was suspended a second time . This time , a second time was Wintrich a comment from another gay conservative , who reported that he had been Wintrich a " retarded faggot " over his support for Wintrich . Despite the fact that this time it was a second time attention Wintrich negative use of the term " faggot " against a gay person , he was the Wintrich suspended .   " I seriously ca n’t believe this nonsense " said Wintrich . " Wintrich addition to Facebook being my largest social media platform , I also use it for my day job Facebook being my largest social media platform I work in digital    management ) . I was also LITERALLY in the process of writing an article about how insane it is to chastise gays for party affiliation , when in general , the Republican party is better . Meanwhile , everyone and their mom is allowed to the Republican party conservatives on Facebook without so much a slap on the wrist . It ’s too much . " UPDATE : In the wake of our article , Facebook restored the account of Facebook Wintrich , telling the photographer that their initial action was the Facebook of an error . A full article on the reinstatement will follow shortly . You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook . Email Allum Bokhari and Facebook to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 