As both presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump hold campaign events in the swing state of North Carolina on Tuesday , an analysis of the top election issues facing North Carolina voters suggests Donald Trump is an early favorite in the tar heel state . [ According to 2012 presidential election exit polls in which Republican nominee Mitt Romney pulled off a tight victory over President Obama in North North Carolina voters cared the most about the economy , the federal budget deficit , foreign policy , and healthcare . Of those issues , voters favored Romney overwhelmingly Republican nominee Mitt Romney the economy the economy budget deficit , and foreign policy .   If history repeats itself and those top issues are also the major concerns for North Carolina North Carolina the 2016 general election , it will bode well for Trump , according to several recent polls . A number of surveys in North Carolina suggest North Carolina the top issues for the 2016 election are education , jobs , and the economy . For example , a recent survey of 1 , 530 voters conducted by Elon University found North Carolina voters are North Carolina with education . Jobs and wages came in second , followed by the economy as the third top the economy A new national Morning Consult poll published last week found that voters favor Trump on the issues of both job creation and the economy   —    even though Clinton held a slight lead in the     matchup . According to the results , 45 percent of voters believe Trump will grow the economy . Only Trump percent believe the economy help grow the economy . Additionally Clinton the poll found the economy of the voters believe Trump will create more jobs , but only 38 Trump favor Clinton on job creation . Furthermore , on the Clinton of jobs , a recent Public Policy poll found that North Carolina voters disapprove of President Obama   —    who is campaigning with Clinton in North Carolina   —    on job Clinton . North Carolina News poll , the NBC affiliate in Raleigh , North Carolina , also found that 56 percent of North North Carolina disapprove of how Obama is handling the Islamic North Carolina ISIS ) and 34 percent President Obama   voters want Obamacare repealed   —    a promise Trump has made on the campaign trail . 
 