WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    President Trump has selected George T. Conway III , the husband of President Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway , to head the civil division of the Justice Department , people familiar with the decision said on Saturday , placing President Trump in charge of a crucial office charged with defending President Trump ’s contentious travel ban and lawsuits alleging that his President Trump activities violate the Constitution . Mr. Conway , 53 , would lead a department of about 1 , 000 lawyers that has vast reach across the government , handling issues like national security and consumer protection and enforcing federal programs and the actions of the president himself . A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on a personnel matter , and the Justice Department did not immediately respond to requests . The people familiar with Mr. Trump ’s decision confirmed it Mr. Trump’s decision the condition of anonymity because they The people familiar with Mr. Trump’s decision not authorized to    an impending announcement . The choice was first reported by The Wall Street Journal . If confirmed , Mr. Conway would immediately be in charge of representing Mr. Mr. Trump’s the legal challenges   —    which are widely expected to reach the Supreme Court   —    over his executive Mr. Trump’s barring people from six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States . The White House narrowed the directive after its original The White House was blocked last month by judges who said it did The White House advance national security interests and violated the due process rights of lawful permanent residents , people holding visas and refugees . But last week , two other federal judges   —    one in Hawaii and one in Maryland   —    moved to block the revised order , suggesting that it probably the revised order religious discrimination and was in essence a backdoor Muslim ban of the sort that Mr. Trump promised during his presidential Mr. Trump . It would also fall to Mr. Conway Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump pending lawsuit charging him with violations of the Mr. Trump ’s Emoluments Clause , which bans federal officeholders from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments , because of the profits his hotels and resorts receive Mr. Trump foreign officials who are customers . Before he was inaugurated , Mr. Mr. Trump ’s personal lawyers argued that the clause did not bar "    transactions , " like paying for hotel rooms . But the lawsuit , filed by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a liberal watchdog group on government corruption , contends that the clause does bar such the clause It is likely that Mr. Trump will face additional Mr. Trump’s regarding possible conflicts of interest stemming from his vast real estate and business Mr. Trump’s , from which he has refused to divest . Mr. Trump’s Mr. Conway to lead the civil division means that defending the president from such challenges will become a family affair for the Conways . Ms. Conway , a staunch loyalist who ran the final months of Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign , has been a frequent presence on television news programs promoting the president ’s agenda and dismissing criticism the president and record . Her zeal on Mr. Mr. Trump’s ’s behalf has sometimes landed her at Mr. Trump’s of controversy , such as when Her claimed that the White House was entitled to put Her " alternative facts " about the crowd size at his inauguration , and in a separate interview a few Mr. Trump’s later , referred to a terrorist attack in Bowling Green that never occurred . Last week , she appeared to suggest that President Barack Obama might have Her on Mr. Trump through a microwave . Ms. Conway later clarified that she was speaking in general Her means of surveillance , Her about Mr. Obama , and Sean Spicer , the White House press President Barack Obama said she had been joking . Mr. Conway had been a contender Her the job of solicitor Her the Trump administration , Mr. Trump Noel J. Francisco . Mr. Conway is a partner at the New York City firm of Her Lipton , the job of solicitor general for the Trump administration Katz . He specializes in securities , contract and antitrust litigation , as well as Her and acquisitions , according to his biography on the firm ’s website . He is a graduate of Her University and the Yale Law School . Her there is a law against nepotism in government , it would not affect the Conways . It says that no public official can hire a family member   —    including one related by marriage   —    to serve in an it or office over which he or she has authority . Ms. Conway would have no direct authority over her husband were he to be confirmed , nor would the reverse be true Ms. Conway 
 Ms. Conway her husband 