Donald Trump called Hillary Clinton a " bigot " on Wednesday : " Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees people of color only as votes , not as human beings worthy of a better future , " Donald Trump said . [ The mainstream media are reacting with shock , horror , and outrage . CNN , for example , could not come up with a substantive response to the accusation , so it the accusation a video of a woman in the audience , interpreting her facial expression as criticism of Trump . To the brainwashed , it is easier to laugh at an inconvenient truth than to think about it .   But the charge is true . Hillary Clinton spent her Hillary Clinton political years pandering clumsily to conservative white voters . In 2008 , after attempting , belatedly and badly , to pander to black voters in the Democratic presidential primary , Clinton Hillary Clinton appealing to white voters once again . Clinton Hillary Clinton new attacks are just the latest iteration of her Hillary Clinton with whiteness , which she Hillary Clinton when she Hillary Clinton she Hillary Clinton impressing conservatives , and trashes when she Hillary Clinton to liberals . Here are ten examples . 1 . Black " . " In the 1990s , the Clintons sold themselves the Clintons Democrats who would , unlike liberals , attack the Sister Souljahs of the world . Hence her Hillary Clinton on " " a remark whose racial tinge Clinton now says she Clinton .   2 . " Ah do n’t feel no ways TAHRD . " In 2007 , Clinton Clinton to foreclose the challenge of an Obama insurgency by appealing to the black community . The result was cringeworthy , and the outreach did not last longer than her Clinton in the primary polls .   3 . Attack on Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. After Obama Obama Clinton Clinton Iowa in 2008 , she Clinton to undercut his appeal by talking down the civil rights icon in favor of Lyndon Johnson , the white politician who , she Clinton , deserved the real credit .   4 . Confederate flag . As Obama Obama blacks , Clinton Clinton    fans , the Arkansas Travelers , brought the Confederate flag    the racist symbol that supposedly motivated the Charleston massacre   —    to South Carolina , to move white voters on her Clinton .   5 . " Slumlord . " Rather than merely attack Obama Obama his Obama with corrupt Chicago politicians , Clinton Clinton after him Obama a debate for representing a " slumlord . " The remark , perceived by Obama Obama as racist , was booed by the audience .   6 . African Muslim photo . Desperate Clinton circulated a photograph of Obama wearing Obama garb during a trip to Somalia . Their frustration also reflected the Desperate Clinton staff campaign Clinton explicit strategy to play up Obama ’s Obama lack of American roots . " 7 . Doing shots . As part of a deliberate   —    but , as in Selma , farcical   —    racial appeal , Clinton went Clinton full redneck , " doing shots in bars surrounded by bemused ,    white men . The hope was to offset Obama ’s Obama advantage among black voters .   8 . "     …      white Americans . " Fighting to the very end , Clinton cited Clinton support Clinton " working ,    Americans , white Americans " in talking up her chances Clinton winning the general election   —    an explicit appeal to white voters .   9 . " Colored People ’s Time . " Running for president again , Clinton participated Clinton a bad racist joke designed to prove her cultural Clinton with blacks while still appealing to the perceived prejudices of those "     …      white Americans . " 10 . " White privilege . " Clinton made Clinton Lives Matter about white people , declaring   —    the day after the Dallas shootings   —    that whites needed to address their " privilege . " whites radical remark , yet one that leaves America ’s political fate in white hands .   Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 