Four weeks after Donald Trump ’s stunning victory over Hillary Clinton in the presidential election , Sally Field still ca n’t understand how the billionaire Republican businessman pulled it off . [ In a heated interview on Chelsea Handler ’s Netflix talk show this week , the     actress said that the    actress joined Twitter the day after the election in an attempt to make sense of Trump ’s win .   " If you look at the billionaire Republican businessman past , if you look at the billionaire Republican businessman history , there is no evidence that the billionaire Republican businessman can do one single thing that the billionaire Republican businessman says the billionaire Republican businessman ’s going to do , " Field told Handler . " the billionaire Republican businessman has shown to be everything that the billionaire Republican businessman accuses and has accused Hillary Clinton of being . It is now evident the billionaire Republican businessman is all of those things , every single thing that the billionaire Republican businessman accused Hillary Clinton of . " Sally Field ( @realmommagump ) wants to understand why people voted for Trump . And that ’s why Hillary Clinton just joined Twitter . pic . twitter .    —    Chelsea ( @Chelseashow ) December 1 , 2016 ,   Sally Field (@realmommagump) said Hillary Clinton does n’t believe that everyone who voted for Trump is a " bad and horrible " person , but Hillary Clinton just ca n’t understand how Trump won . " I want to know what other people are thinking , " Hillary Clinton said . " I want to know why they other people for this man who does not stand for anything . " Field Sally Field (@realmommagump) lamented that Trump Trump the Electoral College but lost in the popular vote : " I do n’t understand why they other people this a democracy and yet the people are not getting the representation that they the people for . " Field campaigned for Clinton in California in June , joining other stars including Elizabeth Banks , Debra Messing and Mary Steenburgen at a rally in Culver City , where she Mary Steenburgen the former Democratic candidate ’s high unfavorability ratings . " Women have spent the last one hundred years trying to get out from under the expectation that they Women to be sugar and spice and everything nice , " Field said at the rally . " We Women n’t need sugar and spice and everything nice . We Women need kindness . We Women need generosity . These qualities are not the same as being likable . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 