There is a new safe space for liberals in the age of President Trump : the television set .    MSNBC , after flailing at the end of the Obama years , has edged CNN in prime time . Stephen Colbert ’s openly    " Late Show " is beating Jimmy Fallon ’s " Tonight " for the first time . Bill Maher ’s HBO flock has grown nearly 50 percent since last year ’s presidential primaries , and " The Daily Show " has registered "The Daily Show" best ratings since Jon Stewart left in 2015 . Traditional television , a medium considered so last century , has watched audiences drift away for the better part of a decade . Now rattled liberals are surging back , seeking catharsis , solidarity and relief . " When Obama was in office , I felt like things were going O. K. , " Jerry Brumleve , 58 , a retiree from Louisville , Ky. said last week as he stood in line for a " Daily Show " taping in Manhattan . These days , he is a newfound devotee of Rachel Maddow of MSNBC   —    " Rachel Maddow ’s always talking about the Russians ! " he wife , Yvonne , chimed in   —    and believes Mr. Stewart ’s successor , Trevor Noah , has finally " hit Mr. Stewart’s stride . " " With Trump in office , I really feel the need to stay more informed , " Mr. Brumleve added . " You just do n’t know what the hell Mr. Stewart’s is going to do . " Many others feel the same . Last month , Ms. Maddow was watched by more viewers than at any time in the    run of her Ms. Maddow . The turbocharged ratings are a surprise even to     television executives , who had been bracing for a plunge in viewership after the excitement of the presidential campaign . Before election night , networks were scrambling to generate new hits and digital offshoots that could stanch the bleeding . Instead , the old analog favorites are in , with    franchises like " Saturday Night Live " drawing its highest Nielsen numbers in 24 years . Despite a dizzying array of new media choices , viewers are opting for television ’s mass gathering spots , seeking the kind of shared experience that can validate and reassure . " There ’s definitely a sense of we’    " Mr. Noah said in an interview , noting that Mr. Trump ’s election had infused his Mr. Noah with a new sense of purpose . " People are finding a space here in saying , ‘ Oh , I ’m not crazy   —    somebody else is also outraged by this,’ " Mr. Mr. Noah . Uncertainty and tumult have long driven ratings , and the interest is bipartisan . Fox News , already cable ’s    network , is having another big year : In February , its    network was up another 31 percent from a year ago .    of    48 million people who watched Mr. Trump ’s address to Congress two weeks ago did so on Fox . But MSNBC ’s growth has outpaced its rivals MSNBC —    its    MSNBC in February was up 55 percent from a year ago   —    a striking turnaround for a channel once considered the    of cable news . The network MSNBC CNN in total weekday    viewers for six of the last seven months . ( CNN still outranks CNN in prime time among the    audience of adults ages 25 to 54 . ) At MSNBC headquarters in MSNBC York on a recent weeknight , the mood was energized . Ms. Maddow sprinted down a    hallway minutes before her 9 o’clock Ms. Maddow the anchor was late for makeup after    a    monologue on Russian meddling in the election . ( Generous by cable news standards , the segment still spilled over its allotted time the segment ) It was a day after a Maddow milestone : Ms. Maddow Wednesday show Ms. Maddow that of her Fox News Ms. Maddow , Tucker Carlson , in total audience and the coveted     demographic . Later , after swapping her    blazer Ms. Maddow a fleece    Ms. Maddow speculated Ms. Maddow viewers were gravitating to the show to feel Her Wednesday show a broader movement across the country . " There is this surge in civic interest and engagement , " Ms. Maddow said as Ms. Maddow in a chair Ms. Maddow her cluttered Rockefeller Plaza office Ms. Maddow where the tip of an Emmy Award poked out of a metal beer pail . " It feels like a spontaneous , organic , pretty    heterogeneous , energized , constructive force , and it ’s been interesting to me It see it happen Ms. Maddow . " Still It Ms. Maddow smiled when told Ms. Maddow viewers say they turn to her as a source some viewers sanity Ms. Maddow " My standard response to that is , ‘ That is a gossamer thread   —    you need to work on that in your life ! ’ " she said , laughing . " Ms. Maddow ’m a TV show , and you should n’t depend on me . Anything can happen . Ms. Maddow up other sources of sanity . " In some ways , television is the last mass medium that Americans turn to en masse in uncertain times . " It is a place where we congregate , " said Martin Kaplan , director of the Norman Lear Center for media and society at the University of Southern California . " We all gather around that hearth to know what ’s going on out there , and be comforted by the people who come on our screens to say , things will We all all right . " Last week , outside a taping of Samantha Bee ’s TBS comedy show , " Full Frontal , " Stacie Bloom , 44 , said she was finding television " cathartic . Stacie Bloom " Maddow , I love her , " said Ms. Bloom , Stacie Bloom scientist who lives in New York . " It ’s reinforcing to watch . It ’s the same reason I marched It the women ’s march : It ’s because I believe in it It and I want to be It by other people who believe in it , too . " Ms. Bee It in an interview , said she was glad her show could provide Stacie Bloom outlet for Stacie Bloom frustrations . " I ’m certainly requiring catharsis myself , " she said , laughing ’m " I Stacie Bloom I could be more helpful to them , actually . As much as catharsis need the show , I need catharsis show her show experience it in a her show than the audience experiences her show , but I need it , too . her show For Mr. Noah , her show struggled early on to replicate the success of his " Daily Show " predecessor , Mr. Stewart , the election became a clarifying moment . " We are in the same position as a lot of our audience is in , " he said . We We felt the change and his felt an immediate We , and we responded We . " Viewing habits seem to We the increasingly polarized state of the nation . Cable news , with its sharp punditry , is seeing huge ratings , Cable news viewership for the    network evening newscasts is falling , along with that of    morning shows . CNN , once the    straight man of cable news , has embraced its role as foil to Mr. Trump , with CNN like Jake Tapper delivering aggressive interviews and commentary on the administration . Gloria Steinem , the liberal activist and writer , wrote in an email that she had grown tired of " false equivalency or Gloria Steinem, the liberal activist and writer " from news organizations , which she blamed for aiding Mr. Trump ’s rise . Gloria Steinem, the liberal activist and writer I watch MSNBC Mr. Trump Reid , Chris Hayes , Rachel Maddow and Lawrence O’Donnell because I trust them as journalists , " Ms. Steinem wrote , adding , " A journalist ’s job is not to be balanced it ’s to be accurate . " At Rockefeller Plaza A journalist’s job Ms. Maddow was asked if it felt odd to be Rachel Maddow Rachel Maddow career moment thanks to the election of a president whose policies she loathes . " I do n’t feel like a winner Rachel Maddow now , if that ’s what you ’re getting at , " she said . " I do n’t feel like , ‘ Rachel Maddow ! Let ’s hope for even more senior diplomats to get fired ! ’ " " Like , God , no , " Ms. Maddow added , turning serious . " I am not Rachel Maddow it to get worse . " 
 