Documents released Friday by the Federal Bureau of Investigation reveal that Hillary Clinton told the agency Hillary Clinton could not recall all of the briefings Hillary Clinton received on preserving sensitive materials during Hillary Clinton transition out of Hillary Clinton job as Secretary of State after a concussion Hillary Clinton sustained in 2012 . [ According to the documents   —    which detail the FBI ’s    investigation into Clinton ’s use of a private email server during Clinton tenure at the State Department   —    Clinton told investigators during an interview on July 2 that Clinton " received no instructions or direction regarding the preservation of production of records " after stepping down as Secretary of State in early 2013 .   " However , in December of 2012 , Clinton suffered a concussion and then around the New Year had a blood clot , " the FBI report states . " Based on Clinton doctor ’s advice , Clinton could only work at State for a few hours a day and could not recall every briefing Clinton received . " The report continues : Clinton did not have any discussions with aides about turning over Clinton email records , nor did anyone from State request anyone . Clinton believed Clinton    emails were captured by Clinton practice of sending email to State . gov email addresses of Clinton staff . Clinton was unaware of the requirement to turn over printed records at that time . Clinton physical records were boxed up and handled by aides . Clinton sustained the concussion in 2012 after a fall . Clinton later said Clinton had experienced double vision and dizziness after the incident , but has maintained that there have been no lingering effects from the the concussion The release of the FBI documents comes as Clinton has sought to defend Clinton in recent weeks from claims that Clinton is not physically healthy enough to be president . In January , nationally syndicated radio host and    television personality Dr. Drew Pinsky expressed fear that Clinton could suffer a pulmonary embolism due to " serious " blood clotting in Clinton leg . Dr. Pinsky Dr. Drew Pinsky concern in Dr. Drew Pinsky radio interview in August , telling Drew McIntyre that based on information Clinton doctors have provided , he was " Dr. Drew Pinsky concerned not just about Clinton health , but Clinton health care . " " Both of us concluded that if we were providing us care Clinton was receiving , we would be us to show up in a doctors’ lounge , " Dr. Pinsky said . " We would be us out . Clinton ’s receiving sort of 1950s level care by our evaluation . " Clinton has hit back at the claims in media interviews and in an appearance on ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel Live ! in August , in which Clinton opened a sealed pickle jar to demonstrate Clinton strength . " I do n’t know why they are saying this , " Clinton told Kimmel Clinton questions Jimmy Kimmel her health . Clinton I think on the one hand , it is part of the wacky strategy , just say all these crazy things and maybe you can get some people to believe you . On the other hand , it just absolutely makes no sense . I do n’t go around questioning Donald Trump ’s health . As far as I can tell , he is a Donald Trump’s as a horse . " The FBI documents   —    released just before the Labor Day holiday weekend in the U. S.   —    also revealed that Clinton lost several mobile phones containing emails from her private server Clinton serving as Secretary of State . UPDATE : Clinton campaign spokesman Clinton Fallon posed an alternative interpretation of the document on Twitter . Asked abt briefings in late ’12 , Clinton said 2 Clinton : ( 1 ) she could n’t Clinton each briefing ( 2 ) she missed part Clinton that time due to health ,   —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) September 2 , 2016 ,   Reuters , which first characterized her language as Clinton the FBI she did not Clinton briefings " due to a concussion suffered in 2012 , " has extensively updated its story but the FBI backed down from the fact that Clinton brought up the " health scare " as part of the defense she gave to Clinton .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 