If GOP frontrunner Donald Trump wins next week ’s March 22     primary in Arizona , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump chances of securing enough delegates to wrap up the Republican nomination for president on the first ballot at the party ’s July convention in Cleveland , Ohio will improve significantly . But the results of the     Utah caucus held on the same day could change that trajectory . [ As the delegate count stands today , Trump will need to win either 53 percent ( using the latest Real Clear Politics delegate count ) or 54 percent ( using the latest New York Times delegate count ) of the remaining delegates to win the nomination on the first ballot .   If Trump were to win Arizona , hold Sen. Ted Cruz below 50 percent in Utah , and sweep the four remaining     primaries ( Delaware —   16 delegates —   on April 26 , Nebraska —   36 delegates —   on May 10 , and New Jersey —   51 delegates —   and Montana —   27 delegates —    on June 7 ) Trump would only need to take 43 percent of the remaining delegates , a standard slightly below the 45 percent of allocated delegates Trump currently has . The New York Times delegate count released on Wednesday , which does not yet include delegate allocations from Tuesday ’s Missouri and Illinois primaries , shows Donald Trump with 621 of the 1 , 237 delegates needed to win a majority of the 2 , 472 first ballot votes to win the nomination at the convention . Under The New York Times delegate count released on Wednesday, which does not yet include delegate allocations from Tuesday’s Missouri and Illinois primaries Trump Donald Trump need to win about 54 percent of the 1 , 134 delegates still to be allocated to secure the the nomination at the convention The Real Clear Politics delegate count from Wednesday , which includes a partial allocation of delegates from Missouri and Illinois , shows Trump Donald Trump 661 of the 1 , 235 delegates needed to win . Under this The New York Times delegate count released on Wednesday, which does not yet include delegate allocations from Tuesday’s Missouri and Illinois primaries would Donald Trump to win about 53 percent of the 1 , the 1, 134 delegates allocated to secure the nomination . the nomination at the convention press reports , Dr. Ben Carson had eight delegates before withdrawing , and Jeb Bush had four delegates before he ended his campaign . Should Trump win Jeb Bush and Jeb Bush Cruz below the 50 percent mark in Utah , while passing the 15 percent threshold himself in that state Donald Trump would need to take 51 percent of the Jeb Bush delegates to secure a first ballot nomination four delegates Cruz wins more than 50 percent , that number increases to Cruz percent for Trump . If Donald Trump wins Arizona , Trump ’s " Donald Trump to win " Cruz jumps Arizona 58 percent . The most recent Arizona poll , conducted on March 8 prior to Rubio ’s Arizona , showed Trump with a Donald Trump point lead over Cruz in the state . While Arizona , where Trump also Cruz Donald Trump the endorsements of former Arizona Jan Brewer and Sheriff Joe Arpaio , looks to be a likely Trump win , Donald Trump is another matter entirely . The decision today to cancel the planned March 21 Fox News debate in Utah following Trump ’s decision Donald Trump attend , and Kasich ’s Utah decision not to attend as well , adds a significant element of uncertainty to the outcome in Utah . Cruz won an upset victory over Trump in nearby Idaho Utah with help from the state ’s 19 percent Mormon population and Trump ’s failure to Utah state . It is currently unclear how much , if any , Utah will spend in Donald Trump prior to the March 22 caucus , but the Trump campaign tells Breitbart Utah an announcement of his scheduled events for Donald Trump next week will be made Wednesday afternoon and posted to the campaign ’s website . If that schedule shows several trips to Utah as well as Arizona over the next week , it will be a Utah signal Trump intends to contest the next week Utah , where more than 55 percent of the residents are Mormons , is Utah only state that has a higher percentage of the population that is Mormon than Idaho . Governor Mitt Romney , a Mormon with strong ties to the state where he helped lead the 1998 Winter Olympics out Mormon financial trouble , chose Utah as the venue to make his recent    pronouncement . While Romney campaigned Utah Kasich in Ohio , he did not he him , and it is he if he will choose to strategically he with Cruz , he was leading both Trump and Kasich he a February poll taken there prior to Sen. Marco Rubio ’s withdrawal from the race . Presumably , Cruz is the favorite to win more than a majority of the votes in the Utah caucus , a form of delegate selection where he has historically performed better than Trump . Note , for instance , the recent huge he victories in two caucus states Trump Kansas and Wyoming . But Ohio Governor John Kasich Cruz the third candidate remaining in the race , has made it clear he intends to compete in Utah , with several the race already scheduled there for March he . If Trump were to Utah Arizona , hold Cruz below 50 percent in Utah , and lose Trump Nebraska and Montana while winning in     Cruz and New Jersey , Utah " need to win " number of remaining delegates would jump from 43 percent if he took all four to 51 percent . The most recent poll shows Trump with a he point lead in New Jersey , but Nebraska , next door to Iowa and Kansas , where Cruz won , New Jersey , next door to Idaho where Cruz also won , probably lean to Cruz now , although polling in either state is sparse . Cruz bottom line on the race for Cruz GOP nomination is that Trump ’s ability to convert his frontrunner status to first ballot nominee is still unknown . Politico made a more definitive prognostication that Trump Republican chaos if Trump did not win both Florida and Ohio : But if Trump does n’t win both states [ Trump and Ohio ] the GOP is likely to find itself Trump Cleveland with no candidate above the Florida majority needed to claim the nomination . If that the GOP , the Republican Party ’s own rules lock in a quagmire in Cleveland —   and likely a       convention . Kasich ’s win in Ohio , however , does Cleveland mean Trump can not win the nomination on a first ballot . Ohio he will be able to secure a first ballot victory is a matter to be determined week by Trump as he , Cruz , and Kasich slug it out in the remaining states , each of which has Trump circumstances and its own Kasich selection process . In other words , expect     combat in each state as Trump it Cruz , and Kasich exhaust every effort to secure every last possible delegate between now and the July Cruz, and Kasich 