A new FoxNews poll shows GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   . A December poll from Fox showed Hillary ahead of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   by 11 points . A December poll from Fox , however , has GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   beating Clinton by 3 points ,    percent . [ Since early December , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   has been engulfed in media controversies surrounding GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   proposal to temporarily ban Muslim immigrants and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   rhetoric confronting Hillary about Hillary Bill Clinton past and allegations of sexual misconduct with women . In that time , a potential general election    against Hillary has Hillary 14 points in GOP frontrunner Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a general election   ’s favor .   At the beginning of summer , Hillary led Hillary by 17 points in an earlier Fox poll . Hillary is Hillary by two significant challenges . Voter approval of Barack Obama is only 42 percent , while 53 percent disapprove of his job performance . Barack Obama ’s approval numbers Barack Obama the historic lows of his presidency . Worse , Barack Obama , are Obama ’s marks on a Barack Obama important issues . In fact , on every issue tested , whether improving health care or containing ISIS , a strong majority of voters believe Obama will be remembered more for Barack Obama failures than successes . Hillary Barack Obama challenge is n’t just Obama ’s unpopularity , however . Barack Obama receives the lowest marks of Hillary candidate running for president on being honest and trustworthy . Only 36 percent of voters believe Hillary is honest . A staggering Hillary percent , almost    say she is not trustworthy . A Hillary viewed as dishonest seeking to succeed an increasingly unpopular president itself presents a formidable challenge . The challenge is perhaps harder for a formidable challenge given the Clintons’ long Hillary with voters . Almost half of voters , 46 percent , say Bill Clinton ’s sex scandals have hurt Hillary ’s campaign . Only 29 Hillary voters say the sex scandals wo n’t make a difference Bill Clinton’s sex scandals . While Hillary has lost Hillary to Trump , Hillary well as Rubio and Cruz , it is important to note that she has held steady against Jeb Bush Hillary In fact , according to this latest poll , Jeb Bush may be the only Republican candidate who does Jeb Bush an edge on Hillary . Perhaps Mitt Romney was right Hillary A      would ensure Hillary captures the White House . 
 Hillary 