The West Wing creator Aaron Sorkin ventured a guess as to how the TV president The West Wing creator Aaron Sorkin created , Martin Sheen ’s President Josiah Bartlet , would vote in this year ’s    presidential election   —    and the screenwriter made clear that Bartlet ’s vote would not be for Republican Donald Trump . [ Sorkin was joined by West Wing cast members Bradley Whitford , Richard Schiff , Janel Maloney , Dulé Hill , Joshua Malina and Melissa Fitzgerald for a reunion at the ATX Television Festival in Austin , Texas , where Sorkin shared Sorkin thoughts on the contentious    presidential battle between Trump and presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton .   " I have to tell you , and I suppose it is unfair for me to inject my personal feelings into it , [ because ] this is about the West Wing , this is n’t about Sorkin , " Sorkin said in an interview with USA Today . " I believe we ’re in a terribly dangerous situation right now , where a person   —    I ’m not talking about Sorkin racist statements   —    Sorkin does n’t know anything , " the       screenwriter said . " It feels to Sorkin like the      screenwriter ’s simply   …      Mrs. Clinton uses a gentle word when Mrs. Clinton says Mrs. Clinton does n’t have the temperament to be in the White House . " Who would President Bartlet endorse in 2016 race ? Aaron Sorkin weighs in : https :   .    —    TODAY ( @TODAYshow ) June 22 , 2016 ,   Sorkin , whose HBO show The Newsroom was often accused of being biased against conservatives , and in particular , against the Tea Party , went on to say that President Bartlet would likely endorse the " " Hillary Clinton . " Even if you do n’t agree with Hillary Clinton , at least she Hillary Clinton a    person , " he Hillary Clinton . " And at least you ’re okay with her Hillary Clinton near the football . All Kim    has to do is troll [ Trump ’s ] Twitter account and terrible things will happen , I ’m not joking around   …      so of course President Bartlet would endorse Hillary Hillary Clinton President Bartlet were a real person . " Sorkin is currently at work on his directorial Sorkin , Molly ’s Game , and is also working on NBC ’s live adaptation of his hit Sorkin film A Few Good Men . He told Sorkin Today that he still Sorkin n’t seen the last three seasons of West Wing , which were written by other writers after he exited Sorkin show following the fourth season .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 