SEOUL , South Korea   —    Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson ruled out on Friday opening any negotiation with South Korea to freeze its South Korea and missile programs and said for the first time that the Trump administration might be forced to take    action " if they the Trump administration the threat of their the Trump administration program " to an unacceptable level . Mr. Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson comments in Seoul , a day before he travels Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson Beijing to meet Chinese leaders , explicitly rejected any return to the bargaining table in an effort to buy time by halting North Korea ’s accelerating testing program . The country Chinese , Kim    said on New Year ’s Day that North Korea was North Korea’s " final stage " of preparation for the first launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile that could reach the United States . The secretary of state ’s comments were the Trump administration ’s first public hint at the options being considered , and they made clear that The secretary of state’s comments involved a negotiated settlement or waiting for the North Korean government to collapse . " The policy of strategic patience has ended , " Mr. Tillerson said , a reference to the term used by the Obama administration to the Trump administration’s of waiting out the North Koreans , while gradually ratcheting up sanctions and covert action . Negotiations " can only be achieved by denuclearizing , giving up their weapons of mass destruction , Negotiations he said   —    a step to which the North committed in 1992 , and again in subsequent accords , but has always violated . " Only then will we be prepared to engage them in talks . " His a step to which the North committed in 1992, and again in subsequent accords on Friday about new he to pressure the North was far more specific the North sounding than during the first stop of his    tour , in Tokyo he Thursday . His inconsistency of tone may have he intended to signal a tougher line to the Chinese before he lands in Beijing on Saturday he It could also reflect an effort by Mr. Tillerson , the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil , to issue the right diplomatic signals in a region where American commitment is in doubt . Almost exactly a year ago , when Donald J. Trump was still a presidential candidate , he threatened in an interview with The Donald J. Trump York Times to pull troops back from the Pacific region unless South Korea and Japan paid a greater share of the cost of keeping them there . During Mr. Tillerson ’s stops in South Korea and Japan , there was South Korea and Japan demand . Japan Friday afternoon , after visiting the Demilitarized Zone and peering into North Korean territory in what has become a ritual for American officials making a first visit to the South , Mr. Tillerson explicitly rejected a Chinese proposal to get the North Mr. Tillerson’s freeze their testing in return for the United States and South Korea suspending the North Koreans annual joint military exercises , which are now underway . Mr. Tillerson argued that a freeze would essentially enshrine " a comprehensive Mr. Tillerson’s capabilities " North Korea possesses that already pose too great a threat to the United States and its allies , and he said there would be the United States the North agreed the United States dismantle Mr. Tillerson’s programs . Mr. Tillerson ignored a question about whether the Trump administration would double the United States Mr. Tillerson’s use of cyberweapons against the North ’s missile development , a covert program that President Barack Obama accelerated early in 2014 and that so far has yielded mixed results . Instead , Mr. Tillerson referred vaguely to a " number of steps " the United States Mr. Tillerson’s   —    a phrase that seemed to embrace much more vigorous enforcement of sanctions , ramping up missile defenses , cutting off North Korea ’s oil , intensifying the cyberwar program and striking the North ’s known missile sites . The rejection of negotiations on a freeze would be consistent with the approach taken by Mr. Obama , who declined Chinese offers to restart the      talks that stalled several years ago unless the North agreed at the outset that the goal of the negotiations was the " complete , North irreversible " dismantling of its program . But classified negotiations on a freeze the North that the Obama administration left for its successors included a negotiations on a freeze assessment by the intelligence community North North Korea ’s leader , Mr. Kim , the Obama administration his nuclear weapons program is the only way to guarantee the survival of his regime and will never trade it North Korea’s leader, Mr. Kim for economic or other benefits . The assessment said that the example North Korea’s leader, Mr. Kim what happened to Col . his nuclear weapons program    the longtime leader of Libya , a grim assessment by the intelligence community: that North Korea’s leader, Mr. Kim, believes his nuclear weapons program is the only way to guarantee the survival of his regime and will never trade it away for economic or other benefits a critical role in North Korean thinking . Colonel   Qaddafi gave up the components of Libya ’s nuclear program in late 2003   —    most of them were still in crates from Pakistan   — Libya in hopes of economic integration with the West . Eight years the components of Libya , when the Arab Spring broke out , the United States and its European allies joined forces to depose Colonel Qaddafi , who was eventually found hiding in a ditch and executed by the United States rebels . Among many experts , the idea of a freeze has been favored as the least terrible of a series of bad options . Jon Wolfsthal , a nuclear expert who worked on Mr. Obama ’s National Security Council , and Toby Dalton wrote recently in Politico : " A temporary freeze on missile and nuclear developments sounds better than an unconstrained and growing threat . It is also , possibly , the most logical and necessary first step toward an overall agreement between the U. S. and North Korea . But the risk that North Korea will cheat or hide facilities during a negotiated freeze is great . " William J. Perry , who was North Korea defense under President Bill Clinton , argued on Friday that it was no longer realistic to expect North Korea to commit to dismantling or surrendering its nuclear arsenal . The Trump administration , he said , should instead focus North Korea the North to commit to a    North Korea in which it suspends testing of nuclear William J. Perry, who was secretary of defense under President Bill Clinton and    missiles and pledges not to North Korea transfer any of its nuclear technology . " I The Trump administration very little prospect of a collapse , " he added . " For eight years in the The Trump administration administration and eight years in the Bush administration , they were expecting that to William J. Perry, who was secretary of defense under President Bill Clinton . As a consequence , their policies were not very effective . " In Asia , on his eight years in the Obama administration and eight years in the Bush administration major trip overseas as secretary of state , Mr. Tillerson eight years in the Obama administration and eight years in the Bush administration been heavily scripted in his few public comments , and he has gone out of his way to make sure he is not subject to questions beyond highly Mr. Tillerson news conferences , at which Mr. Tillerson staff chooses the questioners Mr. Tillerson In a breach of Mr. Tillerson practice , he traveled without the usual State Department press corps , which Mr. Tillerson flown on the secretary ’s plane for roughly half a century . Mr. Tillerson group of reporters , many of them veterans of foreign policy and national security coverage , use the plane rides to try to get the secretary and other top State the usual State Department press corps, which has flown on the secretary’s plane for roughly half a century officials to explain American policy . Mr. Tillerson ’s aides the secretary’s plane their plane was too small to accommodate the press corps State Department said they were experimenting with new forms of coverage then they opened a seat Mr. Tillerson’s aides reporter from the    Independent Journal Review , which is aimed at Mr. Tillerson’s aides ,    readers . The site ’s reporters Mr. Tillerson’s aides never traveled with the secretary before . That decision is a striking departure for the State Department . Last May , department officials protested when Egypt ’s military leader , Secretary John Kerry    blocked pool reporters traveling with Secretary John Kerry from entering the presidential palace , and China frequently imposes similar restrictions to avoid unwanted questions to the Chinese leadership . Mr. Tillerson appears to be using similar tactics during his travels , though the two news conferences he held on the trip were his first since taking office at the beginning of February . 
 Mr. Tillerson Mr. Tillerson Mr. Tillerson 