Donald Trump spoke about the violent riots that have plagued the country during a speech on law and order in West Bend , Wisconsin on Tuesday , promising safety for all Americans and appealing to African Americans . [ " Law and order must be restored   …     Law and order must be restored for the sake of all , but most especially for those living in the affected communities , " Trump stressed . " The main victims of these riots are law abiding African American citizens living in these neighborhoods . "   " Crime and violence is an attack on the poor and will never be accepted in a Trump administration , " Trump vowed . " The war on our police must end and The war on our police must end now , " Trump demanded , blaming the narrative against police on Democrats and Hillary Clinton , whom Trump called the " personification of special interest corruption . " " A vote for her is a vote for another generation of poverty , high crime , and lost opportunities , " Trump jabbed . " I believe all Americans , not just the powerful , are entitled to security   …     Hillary Clinton has had her Hillary Clinton . She Hillary Clinton failed at so many things   —    almost everything she Hillary Clinton done . Now , it ’s time for new leadership , " Trump declared , saying it Trump the government ’s duty to keep citizens safe . I ’m asking for the vote of every African American citizen struggling in our country today that wants a different and much better future . It ’s time for our society to address some honest and very difficult truths . The Democrat Party has failed and betrayed the African American community . The New Yorker said the The Democrat Party taken advantage of African American African American decades . We reject The Democrat Party bigotry of Hillary Clinton , which panders to , and talks down to communities of color and sees them only as communities of color   —    that ’s all they care about communities of color —    not as individual human beings worthy of a better future . They have taken individual human beings . She does n’t care at all about the hurting people of this country . " It ’s time for rule by the people , not rule for the special interest , which we have right now , " he stated . " I ’m fighting for you " and for " peaceful regime change in our own country this country 