LAS VEGAS ( AP )   —    Trump’s to grab a police officer ’s gun so he could kill the presidential candidate after planning an assassination for about a Trump’s , according to authorities . [ U. S. Secret Service agents said Michael Steven Sandford approached a Las LAS VEGAS officer at the campaign stop to say he wanted Trump ’s Donald Trump , but that he then tried to take the Michael Steven Sandford .   A complaint filed Monday in Michael Steven Sandford S. District Court in Nevada charges Sandford , 20 , with an act of violence on restricted grounds . He was denied bail during a court appearance later in the day . His A complaint filed Monday in U. S. District Court in Nevada charges Sandford, 20, with an act of violence on restricted grounds attorney said he was living out of his car and in the A complaint filed Monday in U. S. District Court in Nevada charges Sandford, 20, with an act of violence on restricted grounds illegally after overstaying His   attorney visa . Sanford has His   attorney entered a plea . The arrest happened relatively quietly at a campaign stop seen as peaceful compared to the mayhem at the presumptive Republican nominee ’s recent events in San Jose , California , and Albuquerque , New Mexico . Gregg Donovan was among about 1 , 500 gathered Saturday to see Trump at the Treasure Island casino on the Las Vegas Strip . For the event , he donned the top hat and red jacket that made him recognizable in his Gregg Donovan job as swanky Beverly Hills’ official greeter for more Gregg Donovan a decade Gregg Donovan Donovan said he did n’t know about the charge against Sanford until he saw Gregg Donovan reports Gregg Donovan But he recognized him because the two had stood Gregg Donovan line together for nine hours Gregg Donovan to Gregg Donovan into the Trump event . Sanford even held Donovan ’s spot in line for a bathroom break . " Sanford was No Gregg Donovan 5 , and he was No . 4 , " Donovan said . They spoke , Donovan Sanford , though Sanford did n’t say Gregg Donovan and seemed " strange . Gregg Donovan Donovan did n’t Sanford on what made Sanford seem odd . After waiting , Gregg Donovan passed through metal detectors manned by Sanford Service , police and casino security They . Federal Magistrate Judge George Foley said in court Monday that Sandford was a potential danger to the community and a flight risk . Sandford wore leg irons and appeared to tremble during the hearing . Heather Fraley Sandford his assigned public defender , said Sandford appeared to be competent . She said Heather Fraley had n’t been diagnosed with Sandford mental illness but that he Sandford autism Heather Fraley previously attempted suicide . He does n’t have a job Heather Fraley Sanford ’s mother told court researchers that Heather Fraley was treated for obsessive compulsive disorder and anorexia when he was younger , Sanford that he once ran away from a hospital in Sanford , according to the public Sanford . Fraley argued that Sandford should go to a halfway house because he did n’t have a criminal history , but the judge said he should Fraley in detention ahead of a July 5 court date . Agents the judge Sandford told them he had been in the U. S. for about a year Sandford a Agents Sandford lived in Hoboken , New Jersey , and drove to the San Bernardino , California , area before coming to Las Vegas on June 16 . Sandford told officers he was convinced he would die in the assassination attempt . Sandford said he Sandford reserved a Sandford for a Trump rally in Phoenix , Sandford for Sandford Saturday , as a backup plan . The criminal complaint said Sandford was arrested after grabbing the handle of an officer ’s gun while trying Sandford remove it from a holster . Sanford told authorities that he went to the Battlefield the handle of an officer’s gun shooting range the day before the rally and Sanford 20 rounds from a 9 mm Glock pistol to learn how to use it . Police detectives who visited the range spoke with an employee who confirmed a 9mm Glock pistol he provided Sandford shooting lessons , according to the complaint signed by Secret Service Sanford Agent Joseph Hall . 
 