Ten days into his tenure as United States attorney in Manhattan , Preet Bharara saw Preet Bharara political and prosecutorial worlds collide . Preet Bharara convened a meeting to discuss a sensitive investigation of a   Democratic donor with ties to Senator Chuck Schumer of New York . Preet Bharara had been Mr. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York counsel , and Mr. Schumer had Senator Chuck Schumer of New York Preet Bharara the prosecutorial post . At the meeting a meeting Bharara Preet Bharara prosecutors if Preet Bharara was enough evidence to make a case against the donor , Hassan Nemazee . One of the prosecutors , Daniel W. Levy , his prosecutors now in private practice , would recall years later that he had told Preet Bharara Bharara that there had been a    bank fraud . " Then take him , " Preet Bharara Bharara said . That case   — Mr. Bharara of his very first as the top federal prosecutor in Mr. Bharara   —    foreshadowed a theme that Mr. Bharara harped on throughout his tenure pursuing a Mr. Bharara public corruption , terrorism Mr. Bharara civil rights and Wall Street cases : Politics and prosecution do not mix . Yet now , more than seven years after taking office , Mr. Bharara , 48 , finds himself on what appears to be the losing end of Mr. Bharara quintessential political decision . On Saturday , the Trump administration fired him after he refused to follow a Justice Department order Mr. Bharara resign Mr. Bharara . The order , which was issued on Friday and also applied to 45 other holdover United States attorneys who served under the Obama administration , came only a few months after Donald J. Trump , then the    had asked Mr. Bharara to stay in the job . " One hallmark of justice is absolute independence , and that was my touchstone every day that I served , " Mr. Bharara said in a statement on Saturday . It Mr. Bharara sudden and highly politicized end to Mr. Bharara ’s seemingly apolitical tenure , which was noted for Mr. Bharara powerful politicians of both parties , like Sheldon Silver , the former Democratic State Assembly speaker , and Dean G. Skelos , the former Republican majority leader of the State Senate . ( Both men have appealed . ) As he leaves office , Mr. Bharara ’s prosecutors are reaching a critical juncture in a yearlong investigation into the campaign    of Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York and are preparing to try a group of former aides and associates of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo in a bribery and    case . Mr. Bharara ’s dismissal will renew speculation about his plans for a Mr. Bharara’s Although he has repeatedly denied political ambitions Mr. Bharara’s dismissal —    " I have no interest Mr. Bharara’s dismissal desire to seek political office , " he told The New York Times in a 2014 interview , adding , " Mr. Bharara’s dismissal or ever "   —    his confrontation with Mr. Trump could fuel talk that his political star is rising Mr. Bharara’s dismissal Still , Mr. Bharara had his critics , Mr. Trump accused him both of overreach   — Mr. Bharara’s dismissal office dismissed Mr. Bharara’s dismissal    insider trading cases Mr. Bharara’s dismissal an    rebuke   —    Mr. Bharara’s dismissal , at times , an unwillingness to be forceful enough . He never filed charges , for example , against two prominent people who were under Mr. Bharara’s dismissal , Governor Cuomo and the hedge fund billionaire Steven A. Cohen , who have each long denied wrongdoing . Nor did he charge any top bankers linked to the 2008 financial crisis . And his embrace Mr. Bharara’s dismissal the media spotlight sometimes struck the wrong chord with defense lawyers and Mr. Bharara’s dismissal . The judge in Mr. Silver ’s case , Valerie E. Caproni , found in 2015 that Mr. Bharara ’s office had orchestrated a " media blitz " after the speaker ’s arrest . Although she refused a defense request to dismiss charges , the judge added , " The Valerie E. Caproni S. attorney , while castigating politicians in Albany The judge in Mr. Silver fast and loose with the ethical rules that govern their conduct , strayed so close to the edge of the rules governing his own conduct politicians in Albany defendant Sheldon Silver has a nonfrivolous argument that he fell over the The judge in Mr. Silver to the defendant ’s prejudice . " Regardless , there is The judge in Mr. Silver doubt Mr. Bharara ’s legacy will largely center on his prosecution of public officials . " We are not trying to criminalize ordinary politics , Mr. Bharara’s Mr. Bharara said in a speech at New York Law School in 2015 . Nor , Mr. Bharara’s , were his prosecutors seeking to wag their fingers , serve as " morality cops Mr. Bharara’s or demand that Mr. Bharara’s be free of vice . " Just try not to steal our money , " he said . " We simply want people in high office to stop violating the law . Mr. Bharara’s seems like a our and modest request . " By the time his public corruption unit had won the convictions of Mr. Silver and Mr. Skelos , Mr. Bharara Mr. Bharara successfully prosecuted a dozen current or former state legislators , as well as 15 local officials , party leaders , political consultants and    including two current or former New York City Council members . Only one was acquitted . Not all of Mr. Bharara ’s public corruption inquiries led to criminal charges , most notably his sweeping examination of Mr. Bharara ’s abrupt shutdown in March 2014 of an anticorruption commission that the Mr. Bharara had formed with great fanfare just nine months earlier . A Times investigation published in July Mr. Cuomo’s that before disbanding the panel , known as the Moreland Commission , Mr. Cuomo had hobbled its work , intervening when it focused on groups with ties to the governor or Mr. Cuomo’s that might reflect poorly on him . But its an investigation that spanned more than Mr. Cuomo’s , Mr. Bharara said in January 2016 that his Mr. Cuomo’s had concluded that " absent any additional proof that may develop , Mr. Cuomo’s insufficient evidence to prove a federal Mr. Cuomo’s . " Yet the Moreland Commission was clearly not far from Mr. Bharara ’s mind . On Sunday afternoon , he used a recently opened personal Twitter account to say , " By Mr. Cuomo’s now I know what the Moreland Commission must Mr. Cuomo’s felt like . " Mr. Bharara ’s investigation clearly stuck with Mr. Cuomo as well . In the    the Moreland Commission ’s inauguration , Mr. Cuomo , Mr. Cuomo’s done little to hide his frustration Mr. Cuomo’s Bharara , told a Trump adviser in passing that the prosecutor was " a bad guy , " saying , " Preet is not Mr. Trump’s friend , " according to a person familiar with the discussion . ( A Cuomo spokeswoman denied that the governor had made such a statement . ) Mr. Bharara broadened the office ’s global reach , prosecuting international terrorists , drug lords and money launderers . What might have been the biggest case got away Mr. Bharara when the Obama administration dropped plans to bring five Guantánamo Bay detainees , including Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , to Manhattan for a civilian trial on charges of plotting the Sept. 11 attacks . But Mr. Bharara ’s prosecutors won major convictions against terrorists like Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , a     of Osama bin Laden and one of his spokesmen Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani , the first Guantánamo detainee to be tried in the civilian system and Faisal Shahzad , a Pakistani immigrant who in 2010 tried to Mr. Bharara’s a car bomb in Times Square . All three men received life sentences . In October , the office is scheduled to try Ahmad Khan Rahimi on charges stemming from a bombing in September that injured more than 30 people in Manhattan . He has pleaded not guilty . Mr. Bharara was particularly unpopular with two foreign leaders whose nations have loomed large in reports about their ties to some of Mr. Ahmad Khan Rahimi ’s close aides   — Ahmad Khan Rahimi whose citizens were prosecuted by Mr. Bharara . Mr. Bharara was among 18 United States officials whose nations from Russia in 2013 in retaliation to American sanctions imposed on Russians accused of rights violations . ( Ahmad Khan Rahimi was barred Ahmad Khan Rahimi to his prosecution of Viktor Bout , a Russian arms dealer . ) And Turkey ’s president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , has said there was Ahmad Khan Rahimi intent " behind Mr. Bharara ’s Ahmad Khan Rahimi of Reza Zarrab , a gold trader who has Turkish and Iranian citizenship , according to Turkish news reports . Mr. Zarrab has pleaded not guilty to violating the Ahmad Khan Rahimi sanctions Mr. Zarrab me the question , ‘ What again is your jurisdiction , exactly ? ’ " " And I said Ahmad Khan Rahimi Are you familiar with Earth ? ’ " Mr. Bharara deadpanned . In the    realm , Mr. Bharara may be best remembered for his sweeping crackdown on insider trading in the hedge fund industry . The two most notable convictions growing out Ahmad Khan Rahimi    investigation that began even before he took Ahmad Khan Rahimi of Raj Rajaratnam , a hedge Ahmad Khan Rahimi billionaire , and Rajat Gupta , a former Goldman Sachs director and McKinsey managing partner who was convicted of passing an inside tip on to Mr. Ahmad Khan Rahimi . Mr. Bharara also secured a guilty plea against SAC Capital , the hugely successful hedge fund founded by Mr. Cohen . But Mr. Bharara ’s office never was able to file criminal charges against Mr. Cohen , Ahmad Khan Rahimi gone on to run a large family office called Mr. Cuomo’s that manages more than $ 10 billion of his personal fortune . Mr. Bharara ’s office secured convictions or guilty pleas against more than 70 hedge fund traders , analysts and office cases Mr. Cuomo’s But he suffered Mr. Cuomo’s a federal appellate court said his office had overreached and threw out the convictions of two former traders , Todd Newman and Anthony Chiasson . Mr. Cuomo’s appellate ruling led Mr. Bharara to vacate guilty office at least seven other people . ( The Supreme Court later limited a portion of the appellate decision , offering some vindication for Mr. Bharara . ) Gregory Morvillo , The Supreme Court said office had " left his mark on Mr. Bharara’s office secured convictions or guilty pleas against more than 70 hedge fund traders, analysts and consultants in insider trading cases . " His office also secured big fines against banks Ahmad Khan Rahimi well as a record penalty and guilty plea from BNP Paribas . Ahmad Khan Rahimi has not indicated what Ahmad Khan Rahimi will do next . But in the 2014 Times interview , he said he was not Ahmad Khan Rahimi that he had " a taste for private practice . " " Anthony Chiasson " he added , " is Ahmad Khan Rahimi not sure I have office for anything but this . " 
 Ahmad Khan Rahimi Ahmad Khan Rahimi Ahmad Khan Rahimi Ahmad Khan Rahimi 