As the # NeverTrump forces continue to cast about for ways to knock Donald Trump from Donald Trump frontrunner status in the race for the White House , the editor of the Weekly Standard magazine has admitted to meeting in D. C. with Mitt Romney in order to convince Mitt Romney to run a third party campaign against Donald Trump . [ Despite repeatedly saying Mitt Romney is n’t interested in running for president , Mitt Romney nonetheless met last week with William Kristol . meeting in D. C. with Mitt Romney was called at the editor ’s behest for a talk about an independent run for the White House this year .   Romney , a former Massachusetts Governor and the 2012 GOP nominee for President , has said several times this cycle that he is Romney, a former Massachusetts Governor and the 2012 GOP nominee for President interested in running for president again . In March , for instance , the past GOP nominee GOP NBC Today Host Matt Lauer that " there are no circumstances I can foresee where it would possibly happen . " Regardless of his pledge Romney Romney met with Kristol to discuss the conservative commentator ’s ideas about putting together a last minute alternative to Donald Trump . " He came Romney close to being elected president , so I thought he may Romney doing it , especially since he has Romney very forthright in explaining why Donald Trump Donald Trump Clinton should not be president of the United States , " Kristol told Kristol Washington Post . Kristol , Kristol , said he did Kristol the many times Romney has said he is n’t Romney in running in 2016 and added that if Romney turned him Romney he Romney he Romney get Romney Massachusetts Gov. to line up behind whatever candidate the magazine editor might eventually find . " Obviously , if there were to be an independent candidacy , Romney ’s support Romney very important , " Kristol told the paper . " I wanted to get his wisdom on whether Romney was more or less doable than I thought . " Still , even if he wo n’t consider Romney another run for the White House himself , Romney has been a Romney critic of the 2016 campaign in general and Donald Trump in particular . In fact , Last Thursday Romney told the Washington Romney that he was " dismayed Romney by the choices for 2016 and insisted he wo n’t support Romney of the candidates representing the nation ’s two major parties . " I ’m certainly going to be hoping that we find someone who I have my confidence in who becomes nominee . I do n’t intend on supporting either of the major party candidates at this point , " Romney said . For his part , Bill Romney has been calling for someone he feels is better Bill Kristol Trump for months and has been trying to find a way to make some other candidate the " face of American conservatism " for 2016 . On a recent appearance on MSNBC , for instance , Kristol said , " Bill Kristol can do better " than Trump and Hillary . Trump added that Trump Bill Kristol n’t have Trump " character " to be our commander in chief . " I would like to have a conservative to vote for , " Kristol told Andrea Mitchell Bill Kristol " I think an awful lot of people in the country would , including a lot of moderates and conservatives    …      We have two candidates who are viewed by considerable majorities in an unfavorable way , not a favorable way , as the major party nominees . " Another person Kristol tried to convince Bill Kristol face off against Hillary and Trump was retired Marine Corps General James Mattis . The General , though , delivered a firm " no " to Kristol ’s idea . Bill Kristol Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 