Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week " Democratic    nominee Tim Kaine dodged the direct question on if Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will hold a press conference .   Partial transcript as follows : RADDATZ OK , let ’s talk about relationships with the press and you talk about Donald Trump . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has not held a press conference in 274 days . You argue that she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton talked to press on the campaign trail , but our campaign reporters and others say she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton n’t really answer that many questions . Is this going to change ? KAINE : Martha Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had hundreds interviews in the last year . And I got to push back on the notion that she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton n’t done a press conference . She Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton a speech to the National Association of Black Journalists within the last month where there were also journalists , Hispanic journalists , there . And she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton a press conference there . And members of mainstream media outlets , television networks , asked her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during that a press conference We ’re about to switch into a phase of the campaign where we will be We planes and the press will be on the planes with planes which We something that Donald Trump does not allow . We are not We press outlets from covering public events . And so , look , all the time as Hillary Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton out on the trail , she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton talking to the press , hundreds the press . I ’m doing the same . The Labor Day to Election Day stretch , it ’s going to ramp The Labor Day to Election Day stretch even more . But we ’re not a campaign that is acting like Putin and other dictators and banning press outlets from even attending public events . That ’s not American but that ’s what Donald Trump is doing . RADDATZ So we can expect a press conference , yes or no ? KAINE : There ’s been one in the last month and you ’re going to see Hillary very , very accessible to the press as I will be between now and November 8 . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 