During an interview today , Bill Clinton ’s rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick suggested the New York Times spend the same amount of energy investigating claims of sexual assault against Bill Clinton’s that the newspaper put into probing Donald Trump ’s alleged past treatment of women . [ Broaddrick Juanita Broaddrick she Juanita Broaddrick there is a whole generation of Millennials who are unfamiliar with Clinton Bill Clinton’s history with women . She Bill Clinton’s slammed Hillary Bill Clinton’s an " enabler " who has allowed her husband Bill Clinton’s " continue on the same path that he did her husband in the 70 ’s and 80 ’s and 90 ’s . "   Click below to listen to the audio of the interview .   Asked if the Times contacted her for Bill Clinton’s interview about her past Bill Clinton’s Clinton , Bill Clinton’s replied , " No they have n’t , Aaron . " Broaddrick continued Broaddrick I wish that they would they the same amount of energy to interview the hundreds of women that Bill Clinton Bill Clinton’s spoken bad words about and the many women that he has assaulted Bill Clinton’s I think a person ’s own actions and what they do to women speaks much louder than a person ’s hearsay and words . She said there is a whole generation of Americans who " have n’t heard about what Bill Clinton did Bill Clinton’s women back in that time that they need to know the women " " Just like on Twitter I had these young Millennials coming on , saying , ‘ Is this is true ? Did it really happen?’ Well these young Millennials yes . It did happen to these young Millennials , " she added . Broaddrick She asked to comment on the statements made by Trump at a campaign stop earlier this month , where the presidential candidate slammed Hillary Clinton as " Bill Clinton’s , mean enabler " who " destroyed " the lives of her husband ’s mistresses and Bill Clinton’s victims . Broaddrick replied : " I Broaddrick like she has been the enabler Bill Clinton’s him in allowing him to her husband’s on the her husband’s path that he did back in the her husband’s and ’80s and ’90s . He has absolutely no morals her husband’s it comes to women . " Broaddrick was speaking in a Broaddrick interview with Breitbart News and a special podcast edition of this reporter ’s weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " On Saturday , the Times published an extensive piece titled " Crossing the Line : How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private . " The article reported that the newspaper ’s journalists interviewed " dozens of women who had worked with or for Mr. Trump over the past Donald Trump , in the worlds of real estate , modeling , and pageants women who had dated him or interacted with him socially Donald Trump women and men Donald Trump had closely observed his conduct since his adolescence . Donald Trump " In Donald Trump , more than 50 interviews were conducted over the course of six weeks , " continued the Times . The interviews , the newspaper reports more than 50 interviews " unwelcome romantic advances , unending commentary on the female form , a shrewd reliance on ambitious women , and unsettling workplace conduct . " Rowanne Brewer Lane , a model who was one of several women cited in the Times article , stated on Monday morning the Times her quotes alleging Trump disrespected her were taken out of context and Trump found it " very upsetting " Trump the newspaper took her statements and " the newspaper negative connotation Trump it . " Broaddrick says Clinton raped her her statements a hotel when she Trump a Trump home administrator volunteering for Trump Attorney General Bill Clinton ’s 1978 gubernatorial bid . In January , Broaddrick dropped new details in an interview on Broaddrick reporter ’s weekend talk radio show . Broaddrick said that within a few weeks after Broaddrick allegedly raped her , he started to Trump her repeatedly Trump the Broaddrick of meeting again Trump The phone calls went on for about six months , she stated . " I was shocked to Trump the least that he would have the audacity to call me Broaddrick what he did to me , " Broaddrick said Broaddrick Speaking publicly for the first Broaddrick in nearly a decade , Broaddrick in November told this reporter that Hillary Broaddrick her at a fundraising event three weeks after Hillary alleged rape , and Broaddrick says Hillary implied that Broaddrick should stay Broaddrick about Hillary incident . Broaddrick Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Aaron Klein hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 