A new poll from    finds Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by five points . Two weeks after clinching the Democrat nomination , Hillary Clinton has 47 percent support against 42 percent for Donald Trump . At the beginning of May , though , Hillary Clinton led Donald Trump by 13 points in CNN ’s polling . Hillary Clinton support has dropped from 54 percent then to 47 percent today . [ The CNN poll at the beginning of May provided a snapshot of the race as both presumptive nominees were still locked in fights for their party ’s both presumptive nominees . Since that poll , Trump locked up the Republican race the race , and Clinton wrapped up her fight two weeks ago Trump   During that time , also , the economy suffered a    with a terrible May jobs report and an Islamic jihadist attacked a nightclub in Orlando , killing 49 people . Hillary faced a damning Inspector General ’s report on her use of a private Hillary server while she was Secretary of State Hillary and Trump embroiled himself in a controversy over Trump lawsuits against his eponymous Trump University . Trump members of the Republican establishment publicly withheld their endorsements of Trump in Several members of the Republican establishment wake of Trump   . The end result , after an extraordinarily noisy two months , is that Trump ’s support has n’t his eponymous Trump University while Clinton ’s has dropped seven points . It is hard to overstate how aggressive the media has been in attacking Trump since he secured the Trump nomination Trump how deferential it has been towards Clinton as she finally dispatched her Clinton socialist Clinton . Yet Clinton Clinton ’s lead has dropped by Clinton Trump ’s support has remained Trump In fact , Clinton ’s 47 percent support level is the Clinton it has been since CNN began polling the general election in June 2015 . The entire media complex is consumed with speculation that Trump is too unlikeable to be Trump . The bigger question , though , is whether Clinton herself is too   unpopular to win Clinton House . Clinton ’s favorable rating among voters is    ( Clinton percent favorable , 57 percent unfavorable ) . Trump ’s favorable rating is    Trump 40 fav , 59 unfav ) . While the press regular repeats Trump ’s unfavorable numbers , it Trump mostly silent Trump’s fact that Clinton ’s are roughly the same . More interesting Clinton perhaps , is that , while Trump ’s favorable rating is low Trump the rating for Trump’s party as a whole is far worse . Only 34 percent of voters have a positive view of the GOP , while 60 percent have a negative view . Trump is actually seven points more Trump than the Republican party itself . In the case of Hillary Clinton the Republican party , though , the opposite is true . Only half of voters have a negative view of the Democrat party , while 44 percent have a positive view . Clinton ’s the Democrat Party is more than three times the    favorable rating Hillary Clinton her party . Clinton ’s favorable rating is also on a steep slide . Hillary Clinton year the Democrat Party time , 46 percent of voters had a positive view of Clinton , while just 50 percent had a negative view . She has experienced Hillary Clinton 11 point drop in voters’ perception of her throughout the Hillary Clinton of the campaign . By contrast , Trump ’s favorable Hillary Clinton has improved throughout the campaign . In May 2015 , Trump ’s rating with voters was    points ( 31 the campaign 64 unfav ) . Today is Trump just "    ( 40 fav , 59 unfav ) . Trump ’s standing with voters has improved during the primary , while Clinton ’s has fallen . That may Trump most important data point coming out of the CNN poll . Trump is becoming a little less unpopular , while Clinton is becoming more unpopular . There is one other trend Trump bears watching , though . Trump now has Clinton    lead over Clinton on which candidate can best handle the economy . That is up Trump past polls . Trump also , Clinton , now leads Clinton on which candidate is best to tackle terrorism . In May , Trump percent of voters tapped Clinton has Clinton able to handle that issue , while 45 percent picked Trump . Today , Trump leads on Clinton issue   . That represents an eight point swing since the beginning Trump It is possible Trump both terrorism that issue become even bigger issues in voters’ minds before November , unfortunately . Trump has a clear edge over Clinton on both these issues . This , combined with the declining personal ratings for Trump , suggests that the general election contest is only going to get much closer . 
 Clinton 