On Monday on CNN , network political commentator and former green jobs czar to President Barack Obama Van Jones argued Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is trying to drive a wedge between Latinos and    and fracture the coalition between Latinos Obama built , which Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said was " dangerous " and " bad news for America . "   President Barack Obama Van Jones said , " [ H]e talked about the black community , and President Barack Obama Van Jones tried to drive a wedge between Latino DREAMers and   . This is a very sinister move , and you may see President Barack Obama Van Jones start doing this over and over again . Somebody raised the DREAMers , the young Latinos that everyone loves . President Barack Obama Van Jones puts the DREAMers, the young Latinos that everyone loves down . President Barack Obama Van Jones says the DREAMers, the young Latinos that everyone loves ’re not Americans . I care about Americans . President Barack Obama Van Jones pivots directly to blacks . President Barack Obama Van Jones is going to start trying to sow dissension , not just within Republican ranks , but within America itself , he President Barack Obama Van Jones going to try to split the Obama coalition . This President Barack Obama Van Jones very , very dangerous and bad news for America . America itself Jones further argued , " One of the great things about President Obama Obama that there was   —    this sort of thing you just heard , which I think , is very disturbing , was very prevalent . I live in California now . The Latinos , the Mexicans versus the blacks , all this sort of stuff , and people fighting at the bottom over crumbs . And Obama ’s leadership Obama , listen , let ’s stop that Obama’s leadership Let ’s try to Obama’s leadership one country . And people say Obama ’s so Obama . Guess what , you do n’t see    and Latinos fighting anymore . And so the idea that Donald Trump would jump in and try to restart that old fight , I think is very , very disgusting . " Fellow CNN commentator John Avlon added , " Donald ’s whole game is divide and conquer , and it ’s done Donald’s whole game the banner of bring us together . But , what Van just pointed out is happening And of course , I do n’t think anyone ’s going believe that Donald Trump ’s Donald Trump running for president is to take care of the    community . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 