Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     9:50 : Breitbart team sent this photo as people arrive for Donald Trump ’s rally in Nevada .   9:25 : Donald is tweeting out favorable polls . Thank you Michigan ! # VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9 % Via : ARG ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 23 , 2016 ,   Great poll ! Thank you North Carolina ! # VoteTrumpNC on   ! Trump Donald Trump’s 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via @SurveyUSA ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 23 , 2016 ,   Thank you Illinois ! Great news ! # VoteTrumpIL on   ! Trump Donald Trump’s 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon     —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 23 , 2016 ,   9:07 : Sen. Marco Rubio gets another establishment endorsement . In June 2013 , Sen. Daniel Coats voted to allow the Senate to debate Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio immigration bill , but then voted against the Rubio’s immigration bill it had Rubio’s immigration bill support . EXCLUSIVE : @SenDanCoats announces formal endorsement for @marcorubio for president @rtv6 pic . twitter .    —    # IndyThisWeek ( @IndyThisWeek ) February 22 , 2016 ,   9:05 Ann Coulter hits Slate magazine for racist analysis of Jeb Bush ’s    immigration , trade and    defeat . Slate blames Jeb ! Jeb Bush loss on his being white , compared to the " Benetton ad " ( NO   ! ) of the Rubio campaign .   https :   .    —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) February 22 , 2016 ,   9:00 :   Donald Trump is keeping his distance  Donald Trump Fox ’s Megyn Kelly . New @CNN : Donald Trump Donald Trump appear on Megyn Kelly ’s Megyn Kelly https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Dylan Byers ( @DylanByers ) February 22 , 2016 ,   7:20 : In Nevada , CNN finds it " odd " that there   are Latinos supporting Trump in Nevada Donald Trump report points Nevada that a CNN significant " number of Hispanics who have been in the United States for a long time are worried that Latino newcomers may take their jobs . How about that Latino newcomers Who knew ? The fact that CNN did n’t file a report CNN they could n’t find a Latino in Nevada supporting Trump means the mainstream media know that Trump may do better with Hispanics Trump what they have been publicly predicting . Hispanics : Rubio senior adviser Jason Roe says Rick Tyler was merely"collateral damage . " He claims Rubio has momentum but Rick Tyler   Rubio say if Rubio can win Nevada or any Rubio state in Nevada near future . 7:00 : Sanders calls out Clinton for not releasing transcripts . Danny Glover campaigns for him in South Carolina : I Sanders not running for president because it ’s my turn , but because it ’s everyone ’s turn to it in a nation of hope and opportunity for all .   —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) February 22 , 2016 ,   I wish I could knock on every door , Danny Glover says , firing up Danny Glover for @BernieSanders pic . twitter .    —    lesley clark ( @lesleyclark ) February 22 , 2016 ,   It ’s been 17 days , 16 hours and 32 minutes since @HillaryClinton said she would " look into " releasing @HillaryClinton paid speeches to Wall Street . @HillaryClinton —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) February 22 , 2016 ,   6:50 : Kasich more than happy to say " sorry " about kitchen remarks : " I ’m more than happy to say I ’m sorry , " @JohnKasich on remark ’m women supporters https :   .   https :   .    —    The Situation Room ( @CNNSitRoom ) February 22 , 2016 ,   6:20 : From Breitbart ’s Michelle Moons in Nevada : Visiting Jeb Bush campaign HQ and it ’s mostly cleared out   — Jeb Bush campaign HQ voter registration forms in a black trash bag , a small American flag , white boards and a lone strand of red , white and blue garland hanging in the front window .    ( Photos : Michelle    News ) 6:15 : Breitbart ’s Adelle Nazarian in Nevada sends this photo of a Cruz supporter : ( Photo : Adelle    News ) 5:45 : MSNBC ’s Steve Kornacki warns that pundits who argued that Trump ca n’t win the GOP nomination are making the same arguments about his chances in a general election . Trump Jansing says that Hillary Clinton supporters who feel that Clinton will win the general election because Hillary Clinton is more of a policy wonk Hillary Clinton Trump should look at what happened to Trump ! ’s candidacy . Kornacki notes that Trump may win over a lot of Trump Democrats in a general election . 5:25 : Trump ’s town hall with Fox    Trump tonight : .   @realDonaldTrump is joining @seanhannity for one hour tonight in front of audience in Vegas 10p ,   —    Greta Van Susteren ( @greta ) February 22 , 2016 ,   4:55 :    piece by John Nolte : After Years of Provoking Trump Supporters   …      Media Complains About    https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 22 , 2016 ,   4:45 : Mainstream media reporter Robert Draper : Reporters being jeered at is n’t " dangerous . " This is n’t Mexico . This is n’t the civil rights era This And this is n’t new . https : This .    —    Robert Draper ( @DraperRobert ) February 22 , 2016 ,   4:42 : Team Rubio responds to Rick Tyler ’s firing : Sen @marcorubio ’s spox responds to @tedcruz calling for Rick Tyler ’s resignation : pic . Rick Tyler —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorpNBC ) February 22 , 2016 ,   4:40 : Cruz denies secret meeting with Rubio : Cruz denied speaking or meeting Team Rubio Rubio ,   Cruz    Zeke Miller Team Rubio @ZekeJMiller ) February 22 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Second Morgan Freeman ad for Clinton running in Southern states : 4:25 : Dilbert creator predicts Trump will win Presidency in Historic Landslide : Dilbert creator Scott Adams knows a little something about Dilbert culture . Probably a tad bit more than GOP establishment consultants . On CNN , Adams says he believes that Trump will win the Dilbert creator Scott Adams by Dilbert creator Scott Adams of the Trump margins in history . Adams has also suggested Trump choose Dallas Mavericks owner Dilbert creator Scott Adams Shark Tank star Trump Cuban as his running mate . 4:19 : Carson in Nevada Dilbert creator Scott Adams An amazing crowd of supporters at our town hall in Virginia City , Nevada ! Thank you to all who were in Nevada . pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Ben Carson ( @RealBenCarson ) February 22 , 2016 ,   4:08 : Sanders is claiming he won the Hispanic vote in Nevada ( Clinton Sanders team contends she won the Nevada vote ) Sanders is doubling Clinton : " In Nevada we Sanders we won a majority of the Nevada vote and we ’re very proud of that . "   we    Sam Frizell ( @Sam_Frizell ) February 22 , 2016 ,   New analysis from @WCVI : Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada . https Sanders   .    —    Nevada Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) February 22 , 2016 ,   3:57 : Rick Tyler reportedly abruptly left MSNBC ’s set : Cruz spox Rick Tyler was about to go live on MSNBC Rick Tyler abruptly left .   —    Katy MSNBC ( Rick Tyler ) February 22 , 2016 ,   3:55 : Trump slams Cruz as the biggest liar in politics : Ted Cruz Cruz now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Cruz fraud and dirty tricks . No wonder he has lost Evangelical support !   —    Donald J. Cruz ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is Cruz false   —    no basis in fact . Take ad down Ted . Biggest liar in politics !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Wow , Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just Cruz fire his Communications Director . More dirty tricks !   —    Donald J. Cruz ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Wow , Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced Cruz his Communications Director Marco Rubio dirty tricks the Bible —    Donald J. Trump Cruz @realDonaldTrump his Communications Director , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false Cruz    no basis in fact . Take ad Marco Rubio Ted . Biggest liar in politics !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Ted February 22 , 2016 ,   3:45 : Latino UNLV student tells Fox News that Latinos may not tell people they support Trump because of potential backlash Donald Trump Similar dynamic in Hollywood : Just back from a dinner in Latinos Hollywood : shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never admit it publicly .   —    Bret Easton Ellis Trump @BretEastonEllis ) February 21 , Latinos ,   UNLV law student Sebastian Gajardo , 28 , said he and his parents support Trump and have other Latino friends who do so as well but are afraid of Trump he if they vocalize support . " Hispanics that have been and are established here tend to like him , especially he and his parents ones that are more    and more involved in business , whereas those who are he recent immigrants dislike him , " he said . 3:36 : Now he goes after Clinton after giving her a pass Clinton he everything Clinton he May be too little , he late : Have never seen Sanders go after Clinton this directly before .   Sanders    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 22 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders says that how a candidate raises campaign funds is linked to how    would govern .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Sanders asks if politicians are n’t influenced by campaign Sanders , " Why are these special interests making huge campaign contributions ? "   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Sanders says he ’s " delighted that Sec’y Clinton Sanders after Sanders seems Clinton adopting more   more " of his positions pic . twitter .    —    Danny Sanders ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 22 , 2016 ,   3:33 : Sanders receives endorsement of National People ’s Action : 3:30 Sanders Ted Cruz reportedly asked his communications director Rick Tyler to resign : Cruz Rick Tyler This morning Cruz asked for Rick Cruz ’s resignation . "   —    Cruz ( Rick Tyler 22 , 2016 ,   3:20 : The same " genius " pundits who thought Trump may have a tough time qualifying for the first debate are incessantly repeating talking points about Trump ’s " Trump " and what they claim will be his inability to win over moderates and independents . But not only is Trump bringing in new voters into the The same "genius" pundits who thought Trump may have a tough time qualifying for the first debate process like Obama did in 2008 , one can make the argument Trump Trump is accomplishing what the GOP establishment tried to argue that Rubio would do best —   win GOP Tea Trump conservatives and moderate Republicans : This argument , which has been floating out there today , strikes me as lazy and thin . https :   .    —    Brett LoGiurato ( @BrettLoGiurato ) February 22 , 2016 ,   To deny that Trump , who turned SC into a       victory , was not dominant there seems like a state of denial .   —    Brett LoGiurato ( @BrettLoGiurato ) February 22 , 2016 ,   2 . I ’m old enough to remember when Trump ’s ceiling was 20 % .   —    Brett LoGiurato ( @BrettLoGiurato ) February 22 , 2016 , Trump . To assume that he ca n’t increase his vote share discounts that he has so far assembled one of the broadest coalitions in recent R history ,   —    Brett LoGiurato he @BrettLoGiurato ) February 22 he 2016 ,   5 . This argument also relies on another assumption without much evidence   —    that Rubio will , magically , get all of Jeb Team Rubio votes .   —    Brett LoGiurato Jeb @BrettLoGiurato ) February 22 , 2016 ,   2:55 : Wall Street Loves Rubio ( and comprehensive amnesty legislation ) . Reuters : Republican Marco Rubio ’s presidential run has drawn more money from Wall Street donors than any other candidate , according to a Reuters review of campaign finance disclosures , shoring up his position as his party ’s establishment alternative to    Donald Trump . [   … Reuters ] Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , who Republican Marco Rubio’s presidential run out of Republican Marco Rubio’s presidential run race on Saturday after poor finishes in the early nominating contests of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , came in second in Wall Street donations , accumulating $ 2 . 45 million in contributions , while Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton took third place with $ 723 , 361 , Clinton . Clinton Bob Dole Endorses Marco Rubio in an interview with ABC News . 2:40 : Bernie Sanders : Pope Francis Is a Socialist , per a Reuters review of campaign finance disclosures Catholic Reporter Marco Rubio Sanders presidential candidate Bernie Sanders praises Pope Francis in a new video interview with the Sanders , calling the pontiff a socialist like himself and lauding his critique of the global market system .    2:35 : Twitter Pope Francis why conservatives who so desperately crave to be " influencers " ( they are realizing that voters really do n’t care about Pope Francis these influencers Pope Francis who think they are more important than they actually are , think ) are throwing tantrums along with the Republican establishment consultants who want more Twitter exchange Bushes to use to pad their bottom lines . Flashback : Trump ’s Rise Without Twitter exchange Campaign Spending Existential Threat Twitter exchange Political Election Industry : @SflesherC4P   this   happens when self proclaimed " Influencers " find out they NO INFLUENCE at all Trump voters years   1 has counted # thatwoman ,   —    PatR ( @NoParty2016 ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Haha   …     Trump haters new mantra : I WILL NOT VOTE FOR TRUMP !   * THIS * is what a # Trumpertantrum looks like .   —    Steve Flesher ( @SflesherC4P ) February Trump , 2016 ,   2:18 : Rubio ’s cousin Trump wo n’t vote for him Team Rubio Nevada ( so much for growing the Team Rubio and appealing to Dems ) . New York Nevada profiles Mo Denis , Rubio ’s cousin and state senator ( D ) Team Rubio Asked if he could see himself voting for Mr. Rubio if he made the his party’s , Mr. Denis was candid . " I would have a hard Mr. Denis Republican Marco Rubio’s I ’m Republican Marco Rubio’s a Democrat Republican Marco Rubio’s 2:10 : Republican Marco Rubio’s Republic : Jeff Flake endorses ‘ Gang of Eight’    Marco Rubio , 2:05 : Politico on Bernie ’s ‘ Spring Break Blues’ : But there ’s just one problem for the surging Mr. Denis : When primary or caucus day arrives in each of these college towns , as well as dozens more from Maine to Hawaii , many of the students Sanders hopes will help carry him to the White House wo n’t be there . They ’ll be in Cancún . Or Florida Sanders Or back home . Sanders 1:58 : West Virginia Poll : Sanders 57 , Clinton 29 , 1:55 : Rubio , Sanders Clinton more than they are taking in : Feeling the burn rate , part 2 : Rubio had Florida 208 % burn Sanders the White House January Team Rubio raising $ 4 . 9 Marco Rubio but spending $ 10 . 3 M ,   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) February 22 , 2016 ,   Feeling the burn rate : Sanders spent $ 35 M ( ! ! ! ) in January alone after raising $ 21 M https :   .    Sanders    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) February 22 , 2016 ,   1:42 : Why talk of a " Trump ceiling " may be foolish : first poll out since SC .   Trump at 50 % in Massachusetts .   January at 16 % in second . Ceiling anyone Team Rubio ? ?   —    Matthew Dowd ( @matthewjdowd ) February 22 , 2016 , Trump # SCPrimary , path to South opens 4 @realDonaldTrump : wins 42 %    evangelicals . They could also be largest block in many MW states ,   —    Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein ) February 21 , 2016 ,   1:40 : Julian Castro continues to audition for Hillary ’s vice president . He ’s campaigning for her in Sarasota , Florida this week : 1:35 : Interesting donation to 42%   evangelicals Cruz campaign : Also writing a $ 2 , 700 check to Ted Cruz for President . Former Ben Carson top adviser Terry Giles . pic . twitter .    — Cruz America’s next President ) Julian Castro 22 , 2016 Hillary   Cruz Tom Ridge endorses Kasich : Tom Ridge , who was on the bus with Jeb Bush in NH , goes with John Kasich .   —    Beth Reinhard ( @bethreinhard ) February 22 , 2016 ,   1:25 :   Eamonn Fingleton in Forbes :   I am going to stick my neck out : Donald Trump will be America ’s next President . Why ? Not only is Trump speaking truth to power on two crucial issues   —    trade and immigration   —    but it is Trump he has ignited long smoldering voter anger on both issues . None of his Republican opponents comes close to sounding serious on these issues . And even in a general election , he holds pole position Trump The likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , whose chances have improved after Trump Nevada result , has belatedly toughened her stance on both issues , but her conversion seems Nevada less Trump conviction than political expediency . 1:17 : CNN : Nevada Looks Like ‘ both issues CNN ’s Maeve Reston says almost every Republican voter " Nevada ’ve met is saying they are for Trump . " She says that it ’s " Trump country in Nevada . " 1:00 pm   both issues New Hillary endorsement her Former NAACP    term Nevada congressman Kweisi Mfume   endorses @HillaryClinton for Trump today .   —    Trump kropf ( @skropf47 ) February 22 , 2016 ,   12:50 pm   —    NBC almost every Republican voter big idea for election coverage Maeve Reston anonymous " confessions . " 12:47 pm   —    Cornel West Hillary a Hillary reference circa 1989 : " Sister Hillary Clinton is the Milli Vanilli of American politics , " West charged . " She    she gives lip service . But when it comes to policy , who supported the crime bill ? Who supported , not just the deregulating of banks , but also pulled the rug Hillary under welfare ? " 12:43 pm   —    NYTimes goes through Bush ’s expenditures in a case study in campaign opulence . WHERE DID JEB Sister Hillary Clinton MONEY Sister Hillary Clinton ? Valets : $ 15 Jeb 800 Staff : $ 8 . 3 million . Consultants : $ 10 million . Vegas , Baby : $ 48 , 544https :   .    —    Michael Barbaro ( @mikiebarb ) February 22 , Jeb Bush ,   Donors’ cars do n’t park themselves . How Jeb ! spent $ 15 , 800 on Jeb Jeb his campaign for president : https :   .    Jeb    Michael Barbaro ( @mikiebarb ) February 22 , 2016 ,   12:16 pm   —    Some Sanders oppo in Politico . Take note : 1974 is fair game for Bernie but Juanita Broaddrick ( 1978 ) February 22, 2016,  Donors’ cars Old News . Sanders CIA is " a dangerous institution that has got to go , " Sanders told an audience in Vermont in October 1974 . He described the agency as a tool of American corporate interests that repeatedly Politico Sanders elected leaders   —    including , he Bernie Sanders Iran ’s Mosaddegh . The agency was accountable to no one , he fumed , " except    lunatics who us Sanders to prop up fascist dictatorships . " At the time , the     socialist Sanders running for U. S. Senate on the ticket of the Liberty Union Party , an    group that likened the draft to " a modern form of slavery " and the agency reducing the U. S. military in favor of local militias and the Coast Guard . 11:53 the agency   —    At a press conference in Boston today , Sanders " will accept an endorsement from a national grassroots organization . " . @BernieSanders 2 hold press conference today to highlight differences    Sanders # FeelTheBern pic . twitter .    —    Jordan ( @JordanChariton ) February 22 , 2016 ,   11:49 am   —    Finally —   Jeb ’s big moment ! Search interest in @JebBush at Jeb time high as he suspends his presidential bid # GOPprimary pic . twitter Jeb    Jeb    GoogleTrends ( @GoogleTrends ) February 22 , 2016 ,   11:43 am   —    Fox News ’s Todd Starnes says there should be consequences in Cruz ’s campaign for the Rubio Bible video . It sounds to me like the @tedcruz campaign needs to do some house cleaning . https :   .    —    toddstarnes ( Cruz ) February 22 , 2016 ,   And @marcorubio needs to either produce evidence that @tedcruz created fake Facebook pages   —    or else apologize .   —    toddstarnes ( @toddstarnes ) February 22 , 2016 ,   11:43 am Todd Starnes —    Today ’s the day that establishment moderates learn how to be angry at GOP consultants . So if CNN ’s reporting is correct , Right to Rise director spent more on himself than on fighting Donald Trump ? https :   .    —    David Frum ( @davidfrum ) February 22 , 2016 ,   11:30 am   —    If the thought of young Bernie Sanders getting manhandled by police Trump thing , the Chicago Tribune has unearthed an Trump Country’ CNN photo to meet that very need Sanders Sanders    Imminent Nevada caucuses bringing Right to Rise director Issues to the fore . Marco Rubio : " I ’m   . Nevada …      I wish Nevada would make it illegal . But that ’s their decision to make . I don’t’ agree Nevada it . "   —    Steve Peoples ( @sppeoples ) February 22 , 2016 ,   11:24 am   —    Trump says his debate performance the week before cemented his win in SC . Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate . I showed    and the people of our country are very angry Trump   Trump    Donald don’t’ Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Trump February 22 , 2016 ,   11:15 am   —    AMERICAN RESEARCH GROUP POLL —   Michigan : Trump 35 % Kasich 17 %    12 % Carson 9 % . 11:14 am   —    EMERSON POLL —   Massachusetts : Trump 50 % Rubio 16 % Kasich 13 % Cruz 10 % Carson 2 % . 11:09 am   —    Ted Cruz campaign spokesman Rick Tyler on Fox News says Ted Cruz is " the only conservative left in the race with a John Kasich Cruz victory . " Says Donald Trump " has appealed to evangelicals Cruz has convinced them that he would defend them . Cruz " pockets of John Kasich " in South Carolina to explain Rubio ’s    finish on Saturday .   11:03 am Team Rubio —    Trump calls Donald Trump " Fox News Don Trump " in an interview Trump Politico . " The best way I can describe Donald Trump to friends is to say if Don King had been born white he ’d evangelicals Donald Trump , " evangelicals Sharpton Trump broadening smile . " Both of them South Carolina    and great at just continuing to talk even if you Trump talking back at ‘ em . " 10:48 am   — Politico Paula Jones tells Breitbart Trump   Bill Clinton continued to pursue her after initial Clinton Paula Jones , the Clinton Arkansas state employee who Don King Bill Clinton for sexual harassment Don King says that the former president and Al Sharpton surrogates repeatedly propositioned her after their infamous initial Clinton . Jones made Clinton statements in an interview on Monday with Breitbart senior investigative reporter and Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein . The interview aired exclusively on Breitbart News Daily , the radio program hosted by Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon .   —    10:37 am   —    New Rubio super PAC ad rips Trump as " erratic,’ Cruz as Team Rubio calculating . "   —     —    10:23 the former president and his surrogates   —    RNC Paula Jones blistering ad reminding voters of Hillary ’s racialist attacks on Obama in 2008 .   —     —    10:12 an interview on Monday with Breitbart senior investigative reporter and Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein —    Cruz appears Trump be worried about his home state .   —    Cruz ’s SEC schedule coming into clearer view : Wednesday : TexasThursday : TexasFriday : VirginiaSunday : Arkansashttps :   .    —    Teddy Schleifer Cruz @teddyschleifer ) February 22 , Cruz ,    —    Hillary’s Cruz for Cruz to be in Texas on Thursday , that night ’s debate is in Houston .   There are no recent polls out of Texas . Late last month , Cruz was ahead but not by much . Trump Cruz    points down .    —      10:04 am   —      super PAC compares Rubio to Harry Potter , Trump to evil Voldemort . Leaders Team Rubio a    Cruz PAC sent a fundraising memo Sunday evening likening Marco Rubio to the youthful boy wizard Harry Trump and Donald Team Rubio the evil wizard Voldemort from the Harry Potter book series . " The results Texas South Carolina were Trump good for Marco Rubio , " Warren Tompkins and Jon Lerner wrote . " Team Rubio    the media speculation that Donald Trump is unstoppable , is flatly Trump It misses a central element of this year ’s Republican nominating contest . " Not sure how comparing Rubio to a BOY wizard helps Rubio .   — Harry Potter am Team Rubio —    CNN : Mike Team Rubio made $ 14 million Trump Bush ’s failed super South Carolina One Bush bundler told CNN ’s Dana Bash that when it came to Murphy , " strong knives are out . " " He made minimum of $ 14 million , " the bundler said , requesting anonymity to speak freely about campaign strategy . The details of Murphy ’s compensation package at Right to Rise are not publicly known . Murphy responded to the $   figure by calling Jeb Bush " Absolute bulls —   . " Bush ’s Bush’s to Rise a   super PAC PAC was , of course , a breathtaking failure that took in $ 100 and Mike Murphy to     in any of the three states that Mike Murphy so far voted .   —    9:42 One Bush bundler —    Trump warns Rickets family : ‘ They better be careful , they Mike Murphy lot to hide!’   —    I hear the Rickets family , Mike Murphy own the Chicago Cubs , are Jeb Bush spending $ ’s against me . They better be careful , they have a lot to hide ! Trump —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 22 , 2016 ,    —      9:31 am   —    GOP outraises Democrats by nearly      —    ICYMI : @GOP outraised @TheDemocrats $ 9 . 2 M to $ 5 . Rickets family M in January . Rickets family has $ 18 . 4 M cash on hand Dems are $ 2 . 3 M in the red . # Dominance # RNCvsDNC ,   —    the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs Kivett ( @JoshKivett ) the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs 22 , 2016 ,    —    9:22   —    Sen. Lindsey Graham floats Rubio   —    Kasich GOP .   —    9:15 am   —    Despite 1 huge loss and two close wins , Hillary is still murdering Bernie in the delegate GOP .   —    Clinton ’s delegate lead . Lol . What a racket . pic . twitter .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 22 , 2016 ,    —    8:51 am   —      President Ben Jealous loves the Clinton " brand " : " The hard part is getting beyond the Clinton brand . The Clinton brand Hillary a bit like   . You know , it ’s a Southern brand . Everybody knows it . It tastes good . The question you have to ask is : Is it the best option for you ? "   —    8:43 am   —    " Game of Thrones : Winter Is Trumping "   —     —    8:40 am   —    From Charlie Spiering : House Majority Leader gives advantage to Trump . " The bigger advantage the Clinton "brand . I think the Clinton "brand Clinton momentum . I think there ’s more than a 50 the Clinton "brand chance he ’s the nominee . And the Clinton "brand think the Clinton "brand ’s what ’s setting in for a lot of people . "    —    Trump Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on MSNBC ’s Trump Morning Joe . Trump   —    8:38   —    Black Republican ( Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson ) Trump from party for the sin of being a black Republican , Donald Trump‘s spokeswoman Katrina Pierson got into a heated altercation on the a new reality TV show that ended with her being escorted out by security . The segment for WETV ’s " Sisters In Trump , " a show about black female lawyers , showed Pierson being invited to the home of cast member Rhonda Willis by Monique Sparks , who introduced her as a " black Republican . "   —    8:25 am   —    Narrative turns against Bernie Sanders’ chances . A quick look around the PunditSphere shows that after Hillary ’s win in Nevada , the reality is setting in that Saturday was Bernie ’s last stand . Donald Trump‘s spokeswoman Katrina Pierson Summary : He needed Nevada upset win there . Instead he lost by 5 points . Saturday was also     which felt more like a Donald Trump‘s spokeswoman Katrina Pierson than a ObamaWave .   —    8:21 am   —    NBC ’s Chuck Todd lashes out against Trump ’s ‘ campaign rhetoric’   —    Hillary campaign rhetoric needs to be ratcheted back . This is outrageous and dangerous behavior https :   .    —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) February 21 , 2016 Bernie    —    8:14 am   —    REMINDER : The Bernie’s Trump debate is this coming Thursday on Bernie’s .   —    8:12 am   —    Establishment spends almost a    dollars to ( so far ) lose , A    $ 220 million surge of spending on behalf of mainstream Republican candidates has yielded a primary battle dominated by Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , two candidates reviled by most of the party ’s leading donors .   —    8:10 am   —    From GOP : Pawlenty Endorses Rubio Trump Country’ CNN On CNN this morning Thursday former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty endorsed Team Rubio Marco Rubio for Trump Marco is strong , conservative , informed and electable . He has the Team Rubio we need to lead the party and our country Team Rubio " he said . " He , too , wants the Republican Party to Team Rubio the party of Texas ’s Club , not just the country club   —    and I am pleased to endorse him . " In the last Trump Country’ CNN hours , Nevada congressmen Sen. Dean Charlie Spiering Rep. This morning have endorsed Rubio as well as Actor Donnie Wahlberg and Sen. Nevada Tillis ( ) Team Rubio   —    7:50 am   —    Trump retweets some unhappy faces at Fox our country his SC win is called .   —    " @mikeliberation : This is the best reaction shot I ’ve ever seen lol # Trump2016 " pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 21 , 2016 ,    — Trump 7:41 am   —    Cruz campaign issues Trump to Rubio for spreading a false Bible story . Rick Tyler , the Senior Team Rubio Advisor for Sen. Ted Cruz , issued a public apology after Fox News false story reporting that Sen. Marco Rubio made a Cruz comment to a Cruz staffer about the Team Rubio Team Rubio to apologize to Senator Marco Rubio for posting an inaccurate story Cruz earlier today , " Tyler Team Rubio after sharing the false story online . " Team Rubio story misquoted a remark the Senator made to Cruz staffer . I assumed wrongly that the story was correct . "   Team Rubio 7:34 am   —    Trump up double digits in Rubio ’s " firewall Tyler ’s " firewall . Team Rubio on which poll you believe , Trump is up in Nevada by Nevada + 16 points or + Nevada Bible The Nevada Caucus is tomorrow .   —    7:27 am   —    Erickson refuses Nevada vote for Trump in the general election . When I wrote in National Review that I was against Donald Trump , I a false story reporting that Sen. Marco Rubio made a nasty comment to a Cruz staffer about the Bible maintained since his entry into a false story reporting that Sen. Marco Rubio made a nasty comment to a Cruz staffer about the Bible Trump if Donald Trump is the Republican nominee a Cruz staffer about the Bible would support him . No a false story reporting that Sen. Marco Rubio made a nasty comment to a Cruz staffer about the Bible Donald Trump believes the federal government should fund Planned Parenthood . Donald Trump believes there are good Trump the child killers do . What is most damning is how so many are willing Trump compromised by Donald Trump . Trump has said Trump he is not for any federal Trump Planned Parenthood if they continue to perform abortions . Trump has praised the abortion Trump other services it performs , like cancer screenings . 
 Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump National Review Planned Parenthood any federal funding of Planned Parenthood the abortion provider 