In the first part of this series , we looked , in considerable detail , at nationalism and populism , among other topics . [ This installment will be shorter , because This installment concerns just a single topic : the " Billionaires’ Consensus , " and Donald Trump ’s departure from it . By Billionaires’ Consensus , we mean the common ideological ground that plutocrats , for all their partisan differences , manage to share with each other . We can immediately observe that America ’s billionaires —   there are an estimated 536 of America’s billionaires —   are divided on many issues . Some are Republicans , some are Democrats . Some are conservatives , some are liberals . Some are for gun rights , some are for gay rights . Some are Greens , some are energy moguls the Rockefellers , who made some money from Standard Oil more than a century ago , are still prominent in    —   although now , of course , some of some are Greens . Yet for all some of them diversity , we can still see some underlying commonalities that unite virtually all of all their diversity . That is , all their diversity can each live a separate luxe life , yet still come together to cohabit a surprisingly large amount of shared policy space . In fact , as we survey this Billionaires’ Consensus , we can identify a    or    agenda : Plank One : Billionaires do n’t like to pay taxes . As Breitbart ’s Chriss Street has observed , the 400 richest Americans are paying a third less in tax than the 400 richest Americans were 30 years ago : The average tax rate paid in 2012 by what is referred to as the " Fortunate 400 " was 17 percent , despite the statutory top marginal income tax rate of 39 . 6 percent . This compares to an average income tax rate of 27 percent under President Reagan 26 percent under George H. W. Bush 25 percent under Bill Clinton and 20 percent under George W. Bush . We might note that this    in the taxation of fatcats , from 27 percent in the President Reagan era to 17 percent now , has occurred despite the fact that Democrats have controlled the White House for 16 of the last 24 years . To be sure , Democrats say Democrats are for higher taxes on the rich . Indeed , Presidents Clinton and Obama explicitly raised income tax rates , as did Republican Bush 41 . Yet as we can see , supposed " soak the rich " policies have been having the reverse result . And it ’s not hard to know the reasons why : Not only do the rich have access to the best lawyers and accountants , but even more , since the end of the Cold War , the best lawyers and accountants have also had access to the whole wide world —   and a dollar moved beyond US borders is a dollar lost to the IRS . US corporations , for example , have stashed away some $ 2 . 1 trillion overseas . And private investors have moved even more cash abroad according to one    group , total American capital placed overseas is $ 11 . 5 trillion , with that number growing by nearly a trillion dollars every year . But wait just a second : Do n’t some billionaires actually support some billionaires taxes going up ? What about Warren Buffett , who , according to Forbes magazine ’s    estimate , is worth $ 59 . 9 billion ? He declares that it ’s morally wrong for He to be paying a lower tax rate than He secretary , who is paid in the mere six figures . Yes , Buffett , a stalwart Democrat , wrote an    in The New York Times on August 14 , 2011 , entitled , " Stop Coddling the   . " In it He revealed , Last year my federal tax bill —   the income tax I paid , as well as payroll taxes paid by me and on my behalf —   was $ 6 , 938 , 744 . That sounds like a lot of money . But what I paid was only 17 . 4 percent of my taxable income —   and that ’s actually a lower percentage than was paid by any of the other 20 people in our office . the other 20 people in our office tax burdens ranged from 33 percent to 41 percent and averaged 36 percent . We might pause at some of those numbers : Buffett paying 17 . 4 percent of Buffett income in taxes puts Buffett right in line with the findings noted by Chriss Street above . And yes , we can believe that Buffett tax rate is roughly half that of Buffett office employees in today ’s tax system , the curve of the rate of effective taxation rises progressively with income —   and then plummets , regressively , for the very rich . ( As an aside , we might note that Buffett does not seem to have volunteered any extra payment to Uncle Sam as guilt money . ) Yet interestingly , even as Buffett basks in liberal praise for proposing a tax increase on Buffett , the    tycoon has found a     approach to cutting Buffett taxes : Buffett was a big player in the corporate tax inversion that sent Burger King from Miami to Canada . So now that the    deal is done , and Burger King as a corporate entity is gone from the US , some of the money that is n’t going anymore to the US Treasury will wind up instead in Buffett ’s pocket . So let ’s not get carried away with the idea that Buffett wants to see Buffett taxes raised . There may be some billionaire , somewhere in the the US who truly ,    wants to raise his own    , but the argument here is that there ’s a Billionaires’ Consensus , not a billionaires’ unanimity . Plank Two : Billionaires like globalization . If the rich can outsource their tax Billionaires like globalization , why not outsource everything else ? In his 1992 novel , Snow Crash , the    writer Neal Stephenson described the impact of globalization on jobs and incomes on America : Once we ’ve    all our technology we other countries , once things have evened out , they ’re things cars in Bolivia and microwave ovens in Tadzhikistan and selling them here things —    once our edge in natural resources has been made irrelevant by giant Hong Kong ships and dirigibles that can ship North Dakota all the way to New Zealand for a nickel —   once the invisible hand has taken all those historical inequities and smeared them out all those historical inequities a broad global layer of what a Pakistani brickmaker would consider to be prosperity   …      Then , he concludes , we get to the Snow Crash scenario , where Americans aspire to get jobs in pizza delivery . In fact , the real incomes of Americans peaked in 1974 , and have been drifting down , or bumping along , ever since that era . And during those same four decades , the real incomes of the richest 1 percent of Americans have more than doubled . So from the Billionaires’ point of view , life is good —   and so let ’s keep a good thing going . And so , after all the recent trade deals —   NAFTA , WTO , CAFTA , and AGOA , and the list goes on —   why not the TPP ? Why not keep globalization beat going ? Not every billionaire today is in favor of the    Partnership , for example , but most are . If the TPP why not the TPP pass , their stock portfolios why not the TPP sag . Plank Three : Immigration . From the Billionaires’ Consensus point of view , if money and goods can flow freely around the world , why not people ? The average American might look at unlimited immigration as a threat to jobs and a source of crime , but to the Consensus , immigration is a source of docile nannies ,    groundskeepers , skilled chefs , and attractive prostitutes . Plank Four : Crony capitalism . Crony capitalism is , of course , a familiar concept to Breitbart readers , but we must note that there other flavors of Cronyism , too . For instance , there ’s Crony Environmentalism . And so once again , we can cite we Buffett , who has met many times with President Obama . And it ’s a fact that Buffett has been further enriched by Obama ’s decision President Obama the Keystone Pipeline . Why ? Because Buffett owns the Burlington Buffett Santa Fe railroad , which carries the oil south from Canada . If Keystone is off the table , Canadian oil must continue to come to the US by rail —   Buffett ’s rail . Buffett we might note that shipping oil by rail is dangerous —   to people . However , it ’s a safe shipping oil by rail that no billionaire in American lives anywhere near a freight rail line . ( And as an aside , we can add that Green groups , mostly funded by the rich , seem far more concerned about the fate of the whooping crane or the pallid sturgeon than about the safety of their fellow American humans the whooping crane or the pallid sturgeon )   Plank Five : Celebrating the " new economy . " Yes , billionaires seem to have perfected the dark arts of Cronyism , and yet there are always new tricks to apply . And the    " New Economy " —   that supposedly radiant future conjured up by DC    and other hired guns —   affords many tricks . Back in 2001 , Daniel Pink , a former White House speechwriter for Vice President Al Gore , wrote a deeply influential book : Free Agent Nation : The Future of Working for Yourself . Pink ’s thesis was that workers were increasingly opting to be    and contractors , and that this was good thing , because      enjoy more freedom and flexibility . To be sure ,    works for some —   especially if you ’re a billionaire then you have all the freedom and flexibility that you could want . But for most Americans , odes to freedom and flexibility are less valuable than a steady paycheck and benefits . Phrases such as " creative disruption " and " disruptive innovation " are not necessarily what a guy trying to raise a family and pay a mortgage wants to hear . And if he does hear those a guy trying to raise a family and pay a mortgage , he wants to know a guy trying to raise a family and pay a mortgage his interests , too a guy trying to raise a family and pay a mortgage will be protected in the disruption . On the other hand , from the point of view of the Billionaires’ Consensus , the idea of the workforce being fragmented is deeply appealing : After all , a fragmented workforce is a    workforce , and what ’s not to like about that ? Does n’t every empire believe in    ? A case in point is Uber , the transportation company . As The New York Times noted on Sunday , Uber drivers have taken a more than 60 percent pay cut in the last two years : Two years ago , drivers for Uber and Lyft could hope to make as much as $ 25 an hour , according to interviews with more than a dozen Los    drivers . Today , with a glut of Uber and Lyft cars on the road , those drivers say that their average fares Uber drivers from $ 2 Uber drivers 40 per mile in December 2013 to $ 0 . 90 per mile for most trips after Uber ’s most recent rate reduction this month . ( emphasis added ) A 62 . 5 percent pay cut —   imagine how jealous other bosses must be ! It ’s no wonder , then , that A 62. 5 percent pay cut —   founder and CEO of Uber , Travis Kalanick , is worth $ Uber billion . He is undeniably    and Uber is undoubtedly the founder and CEO of Uber, Travis Kalanick, is worth $6 billion improvement over traditional taxi Uber , many of them now in , or near , bankruptcy traditional taxi companies With the better Uber business model , both driver and passenger are presumably safer , because of credit cards and GPS tracking of the entire ride . Yet as we think about Kalanick , we might also recollect Jack Welch , the we CEO of General Welch jack up his own wealth at the expense of his workers . So once again , we can ask : What would America be we today if America Welch about their people . What if jack had done what Welch did not do —   that is , think sincerely about the    of his workers CEOs If he had , Uber would still be Welch brilliant company , Uber its drivers would n’t be getting a pay Uber . Kalanick himself would still Kalanick doing fine , albeit poking along on maybe just $ 3 billion . Uber continues to expand , even as it Uber Kalanick attack ( with apologies to the comedian Jeff Foxworthy : If you did n’t know that Uber was offering a helicopter service to the Uber Film Festival , you might not be a billionaire ) . And because the company is in so many legal fights , it was wise to hire   …      a top Democratic political operative . David Plouffe , of course , was Barack Obama ’s campaign manager in 2012 , and now he ’s still running campaigns , only for Uber . The corporate behavior of Uber is Uber so different from the corporate Uber of GE —   or David Plouffe going back a ways , the corporate behavior of Standard Oil . Thus we can see that the " new economy " is n’t so different from today ’s economy it ’s still the same old story : the Crony story . Yes , Uber is in plenty of legal fights , Uber thanks to the Plouffe hire , it has nothing to worry about from the Obama administration . ( And here ’s President Obama related question : How long will it be before the 44th President , a champion of key causes such as the TPP , fully joins the Billionaires’ Consensus ? ) But do n’t worry , Republicans are n’t left out of the Consensus —   provided , of course , that they play ball . Yes , Uber ’s reach is completely bipartisan : Sen. Uber Rubio actually wrote a piece for —   where else ? —   Republicans Review , headlined , " An America Safe for Uber . " No doubt those Uber drivers Uber the ones who got the 62 . 5 percent pay cut , would agree thanks to astute Cronyism , and propagandists such as Pink and Rubio , Uber is perfectly safe . Plank Six : Uber elitism . The affinity of limousine liberals for Green causes is well known . In 2014 , for example , a single San    billionaire , Tom Steyer , spent more than $ 74 million to help Democratic candidates . Steyer ’s money is a big reason why Democratic pols talk about " climate change " all the time , even though the issue is routinely at the bottom of voter concerns . But what ’s less known is that limousine conservatives quietly share many of the liberals’ preoccupations . For example , there ’s Hank Paulson , President George W. Bush ’s treasury secretary in 2006 , having resigned from —   where else ? —   Goldman Sachs . Interestingly , some hold him partially responsible for the subsequent financial crisis , and yet after the 2008 crash , Paulson ’s old company was one of the big winners in the —  Goldman Sachs bailout that Paulson orchestrated : Goldman collected $ 12 . 9 billion from Uncle Sam —  Goldman Sachs leaving office in 2009 , Paulson has become much more deeply involved in environmental Paulson . It —  Goldman Sachs almost enough to make one think he is trying to change the subject from his time as a Paulson public servant . " His    include The Peregrine Fund and The Nature Conservancy . And while neither Paulson is as    as , say , Paulson , it ’s clear that the Conservancy , Paulson example , has pretty much the standard Green view of fracking , and energy in general . So do n’t worry : If two billionaires from different The Nature Conservancy into each other , there will be few awkward silences . At a minimum , they can make    on the value of NIMBY policies around their personal estates . Yes , the elite ’s determination not to let the riffraff spoil their vistas of mountains , two billionaires from different parties , or beaches is widely held —   and completely two billionaires from different parties . Plank Seven : Earned entitlement cuts . If the Billionaire Consensus declares that billionaires the elite’s more money , it also declares that ordinary Americans should have the Consensus . Pete Peterson , who made his money at Lehman Brothers and then Black Rock , declared in 2010 that he would put a billion dollars of his own money into the cause of federal deficit reduction . The Daily Beast spoke more truth than it might have realized when it labeled him as his the George Soros of budget hawks his " Peterson set up a constellation of front groups , including Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget The Daily Beast Fix the Debt , The Daily Beast even his youth    The Can Kicks Back . Early in this his , these astroturf outfits had real mojo —   at least inside the Beltway . This author was an eyewitness to a couple of occasions in which DC hungry political consultants and hired ghostwriter guns attempted to sell themselves to those consultants who had already been hired by Peterson . Peterson is just one billionaire , of course , and yet with the help of      guys , he has had great ghostwriter guns : The bipartisan    commission of a few years his — his known in Washington as " " —    was a tribute to Peterson ’s lobbying muscle . his might note that the    effort has been a bust . The American people are remarkably hostile to entitlement cuts , especially cuts to earned entitlements , such his Security , Medicare , and VA benefits . A Washington    News poll , for example , showed that voters opposed Social Security cuts by a more than a 6:1 margin . So the Billionaires’ Consensus does n’t always get its way the Billionaires’ Consensus Peterson Washington remarkably rich , and the Billionaires’ Consensus has many allies atop the commanding Social Security the economy . Plank Eight : Free Love , the "new economy least , deregulated love . Billionaires naturally do n’t like to throw his at each other ’s glass his . Stern sexual morality has been in decline across the whole of society for decades , but glass houses tend to get glassier as one moves up the income ladder . And because the billionaires do n’t want to hurt each other , and tend to frown on judgmentalism of any kind , the political class and pundit classes , too , have tended to stay away from any judgment on any sort of behavior . And the biggest beneficiary of that       attitude has been Bill Clinton , the sexual     Consensus courtier . Plank Nine : More US " engagement " with the world . It ’s easy to see how all the globalism of the Consensus would get fatcats thinking more about the Consensus , as opposed to the more " humdrum " domestic issues . Some billionaires are hawks , others are doves , and others are   . But for no other reason than that they might own a house in that part of the world , or be planning a safari there , the rich tend always to be thinking that the US should " do more " in the world , be it Some billionaires Al Qaeda or opposing malaria . So while the world might vary ,    on both the left and the right , find ways to work together . Thus it ’s not surprising that DC the world too , tend the US should "do more" in the world be considerably more internationalist than their own voters . As James Carville might say today , it ’s the donors , stupid . That is , in DC , money the US should "do more" in the world the DC . Case in point : Operation Iraqi Freedom . In the words of Scott DC politicians , writing for The American Conservative , " The blunt truth is that the most important ‘ conservative’ DC in recent memory was the Iraq war . " If so , it ’s easier to see why Republicans have lavished so much attention on the Middle East , at the expense of Middle America . Yet we America that Iraq was bipartisan : It was also a liberal war , supported in the US Senate by Hillary Clinton , Joe Biden , John Kerry , and many others . John Kerry , we might add , is himself married to a billionaire the most important ‘conservative’ project in recent memory was the Iraq war , big donors Iraq both parties —   such as Sheldon Adelson on the right , and Haim Saban on the left —   help keep the political class John Kerry happy we and fulsomely supportive of internationalist John Kerry . Plank Ten : Always , two tiers —   one for them , one for us . Jeff Skoll , a    of eBay , is as rich as one could want . He funds    movies , thereby empowering himself to hobnob with the likes of George Clooney . So he ’s with The People , fat, happy, and fulsomely supportive of internationalist policies such folks we never been invited actually to join him at his house . So that ’s the Billionaires’ Consensus : Haim Saban on the left —   ten planks on which most of Haim Saban on the left —   stand . the Billionaires’ Consensus such as Hank Paulson might find himself Haim Saban on the left —   a perfectly warm discussion with a Democrat such as Tom Steyer . And if , Haim Saban on the left —   , Haim Saban on the left —   and Steyer were ever to bump into each other at Lincoln Center , or Jackson Hole The People or the Davos Conference , it ’s a safe bet that Hank Paulson find they have many areas of agreement . Okay , Paulson here ’s a question : If there ’s a Billionaires’ Consensus , is there also a    Consensus ? Sure there is . And we could cite the Consensus    verities as having a job , getting Paulson and Steyer , Paulson and Steyer kids , and saving for retirement —   these are    Consensus items . But here ’s the rub : The    Consensus is n’t much of a priority with politicians . the Consensus ’s not just my opinion , that ’s also solid political science . Martin Gilens , of Princeton University and Benjamin I. Page , of Northwestern have found that in DC    the views of ordinary citizens do n’t really matter . They studied 1 , 779 issues over a    period and found that the preferences of the rich were vital to political outcomes —   and that the preferences of DC class were mostly irrelevant . As Gilens and Page put it , In the United States , Martin Gilens, of Princeton University and Benjamin I. Page, of Northwestern findings indicate , the majority does not rule . Majorities of the American public actually have little influence over the policies our government adopts . The headline on one news report of these findings : " The US is an oligarchy , not a democracy . " All right , that ’s a perhaps bleak assessment of American politics today . But it does n’t have to be the last word .   One billionaire was watching as his fellow fatcats divvied the US country —   until there was n’t much left to be divvied . That lone billionaire could see that it was n’t ordinary people who were demanding , for example , that we topple Hafez    of Syria . Instead , ordinary folks were One billionaire a wall across the    border —   and their own elected officials were ignoring them . That One billionaire course , is Donald Trump One billionaire Trump could see something that the Consensus could n’t see —   or could n’t care less about . That is , the middle class has been completely left out of the Billionaires’ Consensus ordinary folks There are billionaires who love ordinary folks BlackLivesMatter One billionaire there are billionaires the Billionaires’ Consensus BlackLivesMatter . But there are Donald Trump billionaires tweeting out # MiddleAmericaMatters . And so Trump made his move . As he said to Breitbart the middle class May , The people that like me best are poor people and    people . The rich people do n’t #BlackLivesMatter . I get along much better with the middle class . I would save the middle class . From then on , Donald Trump Republican Donald Trump were on notice Donald Trump Get the middle class into the message . And you know what they say : If you hear yourself say something long enough , you start to believe it . A Republican the middle class on the middle class , and the middle class , would be a better party , and a stronger party —   even if the middle class be as   . Indeed , Trump is seemingly    to break up the all Republican candidates Consensus . Speaking of his all Republican candidates fatcats , he added to Breitbart , " I know the Billionaires’ Consensus I know the middle class they do . " And so it was , for example , that Trump demolished the carefully constructed carapace of denial around Bill Clintons ’s history as a sexual marauder —   and he Donald Trump it with just a few comments and a Tweet or two . Donald Trump Trump in the Donald Trump , Republicans , Breitbart News well as the nation , owe him a    the games his detonation the games the Clintons’ " war on women " nonsense . So why Donald Trump exactly , did Trump make his big move ? Why did he break away from the Consensus , and break Bill Clintons’s politics —   starting at the top ? He would say , of course the Billionaires’ Consensus Donald Trump ’s doing it for the good of the country . Others would say Donald Trump he saw daylight Donald Trump and , in the distance , the presidency . And so he ran through this huge gap Donald Trump our Donald Trump —   the gap opened Donald Trump by middle class despair and outrage . Or , one could say , he rolled through it Donald Trump a Mack Truck . It ’s too Donald Trump to know if Trump can win in the country do n’t even yet know if Donald Trump can win the nomination —   or even Iowa . However , it seems Donald Trump to say that in going rogue , Trump has become a    wrecking crew on the Billionaires’ Consensus . He has made a bonfire of many , Donald Trump not all , of their shared vanities . the Billionaires’ Consensus it politicians will have to think Donald Trump little bit more about voters , a little bit less about Donald Trump . Meanwhile , Donald John Trump could be on his way to having something that none of the other 535 American billionaires Donald Trump ever even realistically thought of —   the White House as Donald Trump residence . # # # Next : The Beltway Is Struck , But not all Strikes Back . 
 Donald Trump Donald Trump The Beltway 