The economy will keep growing just enough to put more Americans back to work , but without overheating to generate excessive inflation . American workers will see gradual pay raises that keep compensation rising faster than inflation . Interest rates will rise gradually , while staying low by historical standards . And that ’s all before accounting for any major stimulative policies that may emerge from the Trump administration and Congress . That was the view of the economy sketched by the Federal Reserve chairwoman , Janet Yellen , at her first news conference of 2017 on Wednesday . In short , the Fed believes that after nearly eight years of trying to nurse the economy sketched by the Federal Reserve chairwoman back to health , its the Fed is nearly done . The general sense of rosiness is n’t really anything new   —    for years , Ms. Janet Yellen, at her first news conference of 2017 on Wednesday have forecast her the the economy sketched by the Federal Reserve chairwoman steadily converge toward a    state of being neither too hot nor too cold . Two things have changed . First , that day now feels imminent , with the unemployment rate at 4 . 7 percent and inflation closing on the 2 percent the Fed thinks best . That is a key reason the Fed raised its interest rate target Wednesday . the Fed Fed now the Fed the Fed ’s message that higher rates are on the the Fed Fed that the Fed will actually follow through with its intentions on gradual interest the Fed Fed You could n’t say that the Fed year ago . " The simple message is : The economy is doing well , " Ms. Yellen told reporters . The overwhelming message was of gradualism   —    both on the rate The simple message and the Fed ’s own efforts to wind down its era of low interest the Fed the Fed suggested no urgency toward a tightening the Fed the money supply that might suggest a    Ms. Yellen to accelerate interest rate increases . Ms. Yellen evinced little fear that the Fed is behind the curve , suggesting that two Ms. Yellen rate increases the Fed the Fed way over the remainder of 2017 . This will , if these plans stay in force , remain the slowest cycle of interest rate increases in modern history . She also displayed little of the fear of setback that has been pervasive at the Fed for years Ms. Yellen The central bank has spent the last eight years trying the Fed the recovery along with a series of monetary interventions more than any other institution in Washington , it owns the recovery . That has also meant that the Fed has acted with haste to signs of The central bank . the recovery along with a series of monetary interventions more than any other institution in Washington winter of 2016 the Fed the Fed , barely a year ago , the central bank backed off plans for more rate increases after a steep stock market    and a rise of The central bank After years of persistently undershooting its 2 percent goal for inflation , the Fed explicitly , if subtly , raised the possibility on Wednesday of erring in The central bank other direction . The central bank ’s policy committee said it would be monitoring " actual and expected inflation developments relative to its symmetric inflation goal . " In this context , " The central bank’s policy committee " implies that it aims for 2 percent inflation and would The central bank’s policy committee equally displeased by inflation that was too high or too low . That implies The central bank’s policy committee the Fed is not inclined to overreact to the possibility that inflation could drift slightly   —    and in the Fed ’s the Fed   —    above 2 percent in the coming months . After the announcement , the interest rates on the Fed actually fell . That implies that markets were ready for signals of even more aggressive rate rises . And the clearest signal that the Fed is in      territory was in how Ms. Yellen talked about the possibility of new tax cuts or infrastructure spending that might arrive the Fed months ahead . There has been " no reassessment " of those odds , she said . Presumably if that happens , the Fed would indeed raise interest rates more quickly , but Ms. Yellen shows no desire to    Ms. Yellen ahead of what the rest of the the Fed doing . Given the vagueness and uncertainty around those plans Ms. Yellen maintains options for officials at the Fed . If policies along those lines materialize , they can plug them into their models and accelerate the pace of rate increases if Congress is the Fed in stalemate , they wo n’t . It has been those lines long time those lines , those lines Ms. Yellen went out of her way to avoid mounting a metaphorical " Mission Accomplished " those lines . But in the substance of her policies , it is evident that the Fed feels it Ms. Yellen mostly accomplished its job . 
 Ms. Yellen the Fed the Fed 