Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos spoke at the University of Houston , Texas yesterday , giving a speech entitled " How to Destroy The Alt Right " . During the QA session following Milo ’s speech , an Army Sergeant First Class spoke to Milo , saying that an Army Sergeant First Class had given a voice to the voiceless within the military . [   an Army Sergeant First Class stepped up to the microphone saying , " I ’m stationed at Fort Sam Houston down in San Antonio and as heartening as it is to see the movement push back against the political correctness culture on campuses the the military continually pervasive in silencing us and essentially making us shut us so sir from the bottom of my heart , I just wanted to say you give a voice to us who us to be silent , who have to deal with having the political correctness shit pushed down our throats us you give us a us so I am genuinely indebted and thankful for what you do sir . " " Thank you and thank you for your service , " Milo replied . " I hope you do n’t find this too forward because I ’m not a citizen here but I kind of feel like America looks after all of us and us when I hear servicemen and women who say things like that it touches even my cold , black , dead heart . " " I ’ve noticed this in the military and it ’s it , Eric Prince is the founder of Blackwater and a very good guy and he says Eric Prince one of the reasons this   is happening is that there are too many layers of management in the military the military ’ve become like every other government bureaucracy and these people have go to find something to do . And the upper management who are always on the lookout for political favours and promotions do n’t have to appeal to active service types , they have to the upper management who are always on the lookout for political favours and promotions to politicians . So the changing fashions of identity politics have a huge impact on the military in the military you would never expect , because the people who run this stuff , the people at the top are sucking up to politicians all the time . " Milo then thanked the Army Sergeant for his service who replied Milo " My wife would n’t let me bring you my purple heart unless Trump received one so can I please have the honour of gifting you my ID tags , sir . " " Of course , " said Milo who then took Milo tags , shaking the soldier ’s hand . Watch the full exchange below ,    
 