Comedian George Lopez tweeted an image that shows Mexican drug kingpin Joaquín " El Chapo " Guzmán holding the severed head of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . [ On Feb. 27 , the    actor and comedian , who has been a vocal critic of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s candidacy , tweeted a gruesome photo showing the infamous drug lord standing on a mound of human skulls and money carrying Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump head .   pic . twitter .    —    George Lopez ( @georgelopez ) February 28 , 2016 ,   The image included Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " Make America Great Again " slogan . After a Twitter user gave Lopez a taste of his Lopez medicine in the form of a photoshopped image showing Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s Terminator character carrying Lopez Lopez head , the comedian fired back with a vulgar response . @NoSurvivors42 fuck you ,   —    George Lopez ( @georgelopez ) March 1 , 2016 ,   " F —   k you , " wrote Lopez Lopez Making no mention of his    Chapo tweet , Lopez Lopez the Terminator image on Super Tuesday , so as to present himself his victim of    by Trump ’s supporters . Here ’s the picture that ’s warming the hearts of trump supporters nationwide   hilarious !   No need to call the FBI pic . twitter .    —    George Lopez ( @georgelopez ) March 1 , 2016 ,   He his urged his his to get out and vote for democratic socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders : Step it up . Today is # SuperTuesday . Go to bernie . to for info on rallies and events in your town and help us change America . # FeelTheBern ,   —    George Lopez ( @georgelopez ) March 1 , 2016 ,   Last July , Lopez led a chant of   " Donald Trump    …      F —   k that puto ! " at a show in Phoenix , Arizona . The star of two cancelled sitcoms and an    talk show added : " This country is better with Latinos in it This country " A month later , Lopez Lopez a joke about Trump ’s hair in a tweet regarding El Chapo ’s escape from a maximum security Mexican prison , and Minnesota dentist and big game hunter Walter Palmer : They Minnesota dentist and big game hunter Walter Palmer find El El Chapo’s they find Minnesota dentist and big game hunter Walter Palmer Dentist that killed   Cecil The Lion # FoolDugATunnel # HidingInTrumpsHair ,   —    George Lopez ( @georgelopez ) August 3 , 2015 ,   Palmer attracted Walter Palmer outrage after he shot Walter Palmer killed Cecil the Cecil hunting in Zimbabwe last July . 
 