Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell thought much more highly of Donald Trump ’s speech at the Republican National Convention than much of the media , where the word " dark " was almost universally applied as an adjective , and comparisons to fascist dictators of yore were made . [ " They ’re all gon na be like They were on Brexit , " Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell predicted to SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily . " They have n’t got a clue . "   Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell said that when Trump told the audience Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell would " tell the truth about the country , " Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell was saying " what 75 percent or more of Americans believe . " " People talk about , well , you know , 67 percent of the people think the country is on the wrong track .    folks . 67 , 68 percent believe America the country in decline , " Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell pointed out , adding : The    percent that believe the system is rigged , the the system for those with power and influence , the    class feeling   —    what I saw last night was , what Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell did is , Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell connected to all of those feelings out there , and Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell made a powerful case , and Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell made it in a powerful case broad way . " Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell was the first presidential candidate I can think of , in ever , to use the word ‘ corruption’ in Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell acceptance speech , " Caddell noted . " That word the word ‘corruption’ in his acceptance speech will not hear in Philadelphia next week . " Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell also said Trump ’s speech was " much more inclusive than I think anyone expected , " which made some of the negative commentary seem wildly    to Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell . " The political class is bound and determined to try to destroy Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell , " Caddell declared . Caddell Veteran political analyst Pat Caddell does n’t really threaten their power . The political class voters threaten their power . The voters was a powerful evocation of that . " Caddell went on Caddell say : I thought the whole night was a huge success , including Peter Thiel , who I thought was really good , Ivanka Trump , who was brilliant in terms of , about her father , and Trump himself   —    you know , you can criticize it was long , but it connected to it American people   —    at least , the people who watched the speech , according to CNN , and that must have choked them , to the people who watched the speech to report their own numbers the people who watched the speech Bannon clarified that while the media were hammering out its denunciations of the media ’s speech as " dark " and alienating , flash polls were rolling in that showed 56 percent of respondents were more likely to vote for him after hearing Bannon , while only ten percent said they were less only ten percent . Caddell added that 75 percent thought it was an " optimistic " speech , which must have been a particularly difficult number for the Dark Trump media chorus to swallow . Caddell derided the Caddell assembled by the media to perform instant commentary as including Republicans who were " Bush people who hate Donald Trump , and who , watching it in a bar , root for Hillary Clinton , " along with extreme leftists like Van Jones , whom Bannon described as going through a " meltdown " during Trump ’s speech . Over on MSNBC , Caddell found Mike Murphy serving as an analyst   —    " the man who destroyed the campaign of Jeb Bush , and ran off with millions of dollars , had the worst campaign , spent the most money , the most disastrous campaign in primary history , probably . " " The thing about the political class is , not one of them has understood the political class country , and what ’s happened this year , " Caddell declared . Caddell I have been on your show many times talking about the paradigm change , the country rising this country They ca n’t the political class that . They keep arguing the political class conventional wisdom that is being destroyed this year , and this year on its head , and this country still ca the political class get it . " " He this year n’t running as the Republican candidate for president , " he said of Trump ’s He . " He ’s running as the He Republican , or independent American , candidate for president .    …      He ’s running as an He candidate against a system that has failed the American people . " Caddell said his favorite line of the Caddell was when Trump said , " I Trump going to tell you the facts that they edit out of their Trump broadcasts , and Trump of the coverage in their papers in the morning Trump " " That , to me , is what he Caddell , " pronounced Caddell .    He said Caddell were responding Caddell expected , painting Trump as " unqualified " Trump talking about " dark hints of Hitlerism . " " They are going to make Democrats case that he is Democrats , " Caddell predicted . " They Caddell just spent     Democrats dollars in the key swing states , in the last 60 days , and have moved nothing . In fact , have declined . " He anticipated a Democrat failure Caddell to what befell the heavily funded Jeb Bush campaign , as massive advertising expenditures prove far less effective than the political class expects because , he said , " This Caddell not about money . It is about message . It is about big message . "    " We were far more successful in 1980 at trying to box in Ronald Reagan , until we debated him   — We and when I say , ‘ We,’ I mean the Carter camp , " Caddell recalled , speaking as a veteran of that campaign .   In 2016 , he found Democrats fumbling to him Hillary Clinton ’s enormous negatives , such as her email scandal , which Hillary Clinton’s noted the majority of him still regard as an indictable " crime , " not a " mistake . " Caddell saw this as a Caddell of dissonance that will make it very difficult for Democrats this impose their narrative on the election Democrats Pat Caddell is a regular Caddell News’ Political Insiders , regularly seen on Sundays at 7:30 p. m. Eastern . He can be seen in the Caddell Political Insiders special this Saturday at 8:00 p. m. which will repeat several times thereafter .   He said this special broadcast will Caddell " the leftward turn of the Democratic Party , and the movement away , I argue , from what has been the traditional view of the Democrats . " " It ’s a preview of the this special broadcast to come , " Caddell said . " I urge everybody who ’s interested to watch it . I think you ’ll this special broadcast things , comments and discussion , that you will not see anywhere else , including with the media in Philadelphia . "   Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 