Following Donald Trump ’s victory in the South Carolina GOP primary , talk radio host Glenn Beck urged talk radio host Glenn Beck Facebook followers to join talk radio host Glenn Beck and talk radio host Glenn Beck family in fasting for GOP candidate Ted Cruz . [ " I would like to ask you to join me and his family Monday in a fast for Ted GOP candidate Ted Cruz our country and the Nevada caucus , " Beck wrote on his Facebook Beck after the South Carolina election results showed a decisive    victory for Trump , whose candidacy Beck has been staunchly opposed to .   In an earlier Facebook post Facebook Beck stated Beck It was a fair fight . Congratulations Donald Trump on South Carolina South Carolina 1 . Donald Trump#2 . Marco Rubio#3 . Ted Cruz , On to Nevada . I will join Ted Cruz in Ted Cruz night and Reno Monday . It is time for the others to drop out and make this the 3 way race we all know it is . Who that helps , I do n’t know , but it is time to begin to narrow the field . I would assume the establishment will coalesce around Rubio . Ted will make his own way as Ted trump . Beck endorsed Cruz before the Iowa caucus last month and has been traveling and campaigning with the Texas senator ever Rubio a press conference in South Carolina this week , Beck speculated as to whether his Beck on the campaign trail Beck helps Ted Cruz or not , " Cruz he did n’t know , but Beck compelled to " do everything I can " to help Cruz . This week Beck also expressed Cruz belief this week allowed Supreme Beck Justice Antonin Scalia to die in order to " wake America up to how close we are to the loss of our freedom " and to the necessity of we Cruz to name Scalia ’s replacement . Beck also stated that " if the country is lost , it will be America of the Christians " America did not support Cruz . " There will be no one else Cruz blame , " he added . " You ca n’t blame the Beck . You ca n’t blame the left . You ca n’t blame Hillary Clinton . You ca n’t blame anyone else but the Christians who are not living and voting their principles . "  
 