Hillary Clinton used the same exact method as Donald Trump to pay less tax , according to Hillary Clinton own tax returns released by Hillary Clinton presidential campaign . [ Donald Trump reportedly avoided paying federal income taxes by reporting massive losses on his Donald Trump tax return , which the New York Times somehow obtained before Trump Donald Trump it . the New York Times The Wall Street Journal describes the loophole that Trump used Donald Trump The tax treatment of losses , bound to become a subject of national debate , is a typically noncontroversial feature of the    system . The government does n’t pay net refunds when business owners lose money , but it lets The government use those losses to smooth their tax taxpayers as they make taxpayers . That reflects the fact that " the natural business cycle of a taxpayer may exceed 12 months , " according to a congressional report . Typically , for federal returns , such net operating losses can be carried backward for two years to offset past income and then kept on a taxpayer ’s books for 20 years , though Mr. Trump ’s losses could only qualify for a    carryforward under the law at the time . The Clinton campaign has hammered Trump on Mr. Trump unreleased Mr. Trump returns . When pundits on cable news now refer to the " Taxes " issue , they ’re pundits on cable news talking about Trump ’s Mr. Trump taxes " issue , not the taxes paid by American voters . But the Zerohedge blog first noticed something that could undercut Clinton ’s ability Clinton Trump on his Mr. Trump net operating Clinton . " Clinton ’s 2015 tax Clinton that Hillary Clinton also reported capital Clinton in order to lessen her tax burden through a " Clinton . " Page 17 of the tax returns show " Capital Gains and Losses " for " WILLIAM J CLINTON   HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON . " The Clintons reported a "   capital loss carryover " of $ 699 , 540 . Thus , the Clintons reported a " Net The Clintons gain or ( loss ) " of " 540 . " Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill did "WILLIAM J CLINTON  HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON immediately return Breitbart News ’s request for comment . 
 