WASHINGTON   —    President Trump denied it . So did the former national intelligence director . The F. the former national intelligence director privately that it is false . The speaker of the House and the chairmen of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees   —    all three Republican   —    see no indications that it happened . But President Trump insists he is President Trump . No matter how many officials , even in his own President Trump , dismiss his unsubstantiated President Trump that President Barack Obama secretly tapped his phones last year , the President Barack Obama House made clear on Thursday that it would stand by the assertion the White House Ultimately , it insisted , the president will the White House proved correct President Barack Obama two weeks after Mr. Trump first accused his predecessor in a series of Saturday Mr. Trump Twitter posts , the standoff between the president and the available record has come to shadow the White House even as it tries the White House nation ’s health care the White House and drastically rewrite the federal budget . Much like his longstanding assertion that Mr. Obama was not born Mr. Trump the United States , Mr. Trump dismisses contrary information with undiminished surety . Mr. Trump the White House even added a new assertion on the White House fiercely combative and sometimes surreal briefing by the press secretary , Sean Spicer , who berated reporters and read from news accounts that either did not back up the president ’s claims or had been refuted by intelligence officials . One report that Mr. Spicer read contended that Mr. Obama used Britain ’s Government Communications Headquarters , the signals agency known as GCHQ , to spy on Mr. Trump . In effect , the White House was embracing a claim that the United States’ closest ally collaborated with a president against a presidential candidate . " There ’s widespread reporting Mr. Spicer there was surveillance that was done on a variety of people , " Mr. Spicer said . Asked if the president stood by his original allegation , Mr. Spicer said , " He stands by it Mr. Spicer The White House Mr. Spicer came shortly after Mr. Spicer two senators overseeing the Mr. Spicer community joined the chorus of lawmakers debunking the claim . " Based on the information available to us , we see no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States us either before or after Election Day 2016 , " Senator Richard M. Burr , Republican of North Carolina , and Senator Mark Warner , Democrat of Virginia , said in a statement . The blunt conclusion by the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee means that all four congressional leaders who oversee    surveillance by the government have rejected Mr. Trump ’s claim . On Wednesday , their counterparts on the House Intelligence Committee the United States government Devin Nunes , a Republican , and Adam B. Schiff , all four congressional leaders who oversee   surveillance by the government Democrat , both from California , made similar statements . For the president ’s staff , the continuing furor over his claim has produced mixed responses . Some advisers , privately recognizing that there is no evidence to support it the president’s increasingly frustrated that it continues to dominate the conversation in Washington and wish Mr. Trump would find a way to let it go . it the same time , they feel besieged by what they see as a hostile Washington establishment and it the carping . In some cases , as Mr. Spicer did at they briefing , they argue Washington the news media has    information to make the president look bad . But they Mr. Spicer that Mr. they will stick by his assertion no matter what comes out of an emerging congressional investigation . they all , he refused to back off Mr. Trump " birther " allegation   —    and then only grudgingly   —    until Mr. Trump years after Mr. Obama Mr. Trump a birth certificate showing that he had been born in Hawaii . In this case , Mr. Trump sees the surveillance allegation as a way to Mr. Obama back against what he considers the unfair insinuation that he Mr. Trump with the his "birther" allegation   year ’s election   —    another assertion Mr. Trump which intelligence committee leaders have Mr. Trump they so far have found no evidence . In recent days , the president and his aides have tried to recast his original assertion intelligence committee leaders make it more defensible . Mr. Trump and Mr. Spicer have both Mr. Trump that in two Twitter posts Mr. Trump president used quotation marks around the his original assertion " wires tapped Mr. Trump , " which they said indicated that they were not meant to be taken literally . " That really covers surveillance and many other things , " Mr. Trump told Tucker both in an interview both Wednesday night on Fox News . " Nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes , but that ’s a very important thing . " That , however , ignores the fact that two other messages Mr. Trump posted that morning did not use quotation marks and were pretty specific . " How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the Mr. Trump election process , " he wrote in one , misspelling the word tap . " This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " Mr. Trump also suggested that he President Obama secret evidence no one else had seen . He told Mr. Carlson that he " will be submitting things before the committee Mr. Trump that has n’t been Mr. Trump as of yet   —    but it ’s Mr. Trump a very serious situation Mr. Carlson " Mr. Trump added , " You ’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next the committee weeks . " The White House staff took Mr. Trump from that interview and mapped out an aggressive defense on Thursday . Mr. Trump was already angry that two courts had blocked his temporary travel ban even though he The White House staff been assured by his staff that his latest one would pass judicial muster Mr. Trump Mr. Spicer headed to the lectern on Thursday primed Mr. Trump a fight and armed with Mr. Trump stack of news clippings The White House staff read Mr. Trump length to justify the president ’s claim . " The bottom line is the investigation by Thursday House and the Senate has not been provided all the information , " Mr. Spicer Spicer said . But Rachel Cohen , a spokeswoman for Mr. Warner , later responded : " The bipartisan leaders of the Intelligence Committee would not have made the statement they made Mr. Spicer been fully briefed by the appropriate authorities . " At the White House briefing , among the articles Mr. Spicer read from were several from The New York Times . The bipartisan leaders of the Intelligence Committee , none of them actually reported that Mr. Obama had authorized surveillance of Mr. Trump or that Mr. Trump had been Mr. Spicer The Times has reported that law enforcement agencies are investigating contacts between some associates of The bipartisan leaders of the Intelligence Committee Trump and Russian figures and had access to intercepted communications . Other news Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump on The New York Times The New York Times Mr. Spicer on Thursday repeated    claims that a secret foreign intelligence court had approved a surveillance order involving Mr. Trump in October . Reporters from The Times have not been Mr. Trump corroborate the existence of such an order . The British assertions came from a Fox News commentator , Andrew Napolitano . Early on Friday Mr. Trump , the British communications intelligence agency , issued a statement denying that it had wiretapped Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign , saying that the allegations were " nonsense . " " They are utterly ridiculous and should be ignored . " The agency rarely comments on intelligence matters its statement Mr. Spicer complained that reporters had not focused on a comment by Mr. Nunes , the House intelligence chairman , that the allegations it the British communications intelligence agency " that intelligence agencies could have the British communications intelligence agency up others in the course of their surveillance , including Mr. Trump . Mr. Nunes did note that Mr. Trump was concerned about " other surveillance activities looking Mr. Nunes said his committee would find out . But Mr. Nunes was firm in saying that Mr. Trump ’s original Twitter posts were not borne out intelligence agencies the facts . " I do n’t believe there was an Mr. Trump of Trump Tower , " he said on Wednesday . Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump ’s posts were to Mr. Trump taken literally , " then Mr. Nunes president was wrong , " Mr. Nunes Mr. Trump That was not a word the White House was willing to use on Thursday . Asked the White House would apologize to Mr. Obama if it turned out Mr. Nunes was wrong , Mr. Spicer demurred . Mr. Trump’s original Twitter posts going to prejudge what the outcome of this Thursday , " Mr. Trump . Mr. Nunes think we ’ve got to Mr. Obama process work its will , Mr. Obama then when there ’s a report that comes out conclusive from there , then we Mr. Spicer able to comment . " Mr. Obama We We the process 