Speaking to the Daily Caller Saturday , Florida Senator Marco Rubio signaled loud and clear that Florida Senator Marco Rubio is already surrendering the only hope the GOP has against the coordinated War on Women attacks Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton DC Media allies intend to wage during the upcoming general election . When asked if Florida Senator Marco Rubio intends " to talk about Bill Clinton ’s scandalous   —    and allegedly criminal   —    sexual past , " Rubio said , no way :   " Those are issues that in my mind are going to be discussed by others in this campaign . Those want to raise this campaign , Those can raise this campaign , " Rubio told The Daily Caller in a phone interview Saturday . " That ’s not what this campaign is focused on . "    …      " I , in my this campaign am going to focus on the issues that are confronting our country and the damage Barack Obama has done and how we are going to our them . " Rubio is making three critical errors here   …      Republicans either stay on offense by flurrying with every punch in their arsenal , or Republicans lose . Democrats Republicans their DC Media allies Democrats Todd Akin and also accused Mitt Romney of both murder and not paying his taxes . These Mitt Romney play for keeps by using everything they have , and These people necessary , they make stuff up These people And here Rubio is already rolling over . No one cares about Bill Clinton ’s    affairs . Even I do n’t care . That * is * an issue between man and wife , that is between them . What were an issue between man and wife talking about here is something else : allegations of rape , groping , harassment , and campaigns of personal destruction . This is why Trump is winning . The GOP base is tired of their candidates losing like The GOP base gentleman . " Our country is on the line , and that reality exists in a moral world that will always trump some Establishment pol ’s completely misguided sense of honor . Related : Smoking Gun : The GOP Establishment Can Establishment Clinton . Period .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                    
 