As sure as the sun rises in the east , crony capitalists know who butters crony capitalists bread each day , and in 2016 , crony capitalists are rallying to support the Clinton dynasty and block the Trump insurgency . [ A recent headline trumpeted the result of a survey among the " Fortune 500 " executives : " Not one of the top Fortune 100 CEO ’s supports Donald Trump . "   The story was curiously silent on how many of those top 100 corporate leaders support Clinton , but Americans are supposed to be alarmed that not one of them Americans Trump Donald Trump Really ? C’mon , man : most Americans will find that news reassuring , not alarming . Why anyone should be surprised at Clinton Clinton among top corporate leaders is a mystery . The party of Big Government will always have good friends in Big Business , especially in those industries highly dependent on continued government largesse . Yet , apparently , the major media believe their own the major media , that the Republican The party of Big Government party of big business , which is a myth that expired at least two generations ago . Anyone half awake knows that for decades , Big Business has been Big Business sides , giving money and endorsements to the party they think will win . money and endorsements Access " is the name of the game , and it has nothing to do with business principles but a lot to do with corporate interests . Crony capitalists are expert at buying access because that ’s the key to corporate profits in an economy highly dependent on government spending . Do you think Safeway wants to see a cut in food stamps ? Does WalMart want to see high tariffs on Chinese goods ? Are the big banks who have survived    going to welcome with open arms new policies to encourage a revival of healthy , thriving community banks ? Does Big Agriculture welcome a cut in ethanol subsidies to corn growers ? The answers to those questions are no , no , and hell no . So , it ’s not news that Big Agriculture few CEOs in those industries are supporting Donald Trump . We should see corporate America ’s opposition to Trump as a sign of Donald Trump : Did we expect crony capitalism to be defanged and defunded without resistance ? To be sure , not every successful business leader is a crony capitalist , dependent on access to friends in government to help get that next government contract . And let ’s admit that the term as it is used today lacks precision . The term is often used by the left to denigrate and smear all business success . The problem is that our economy has become so intertwined with government that it is often hard to our economy the two . The question is , do we want more of that our   partnership " or less ? Crony capitalists want more , a lot more . Much of corporate America ’s fear of Donald Trump is based on the uncertainty created by talk of cutting those intimate ties . Many corporate CEO ’s worry that Trump might be serious about Donald Trump the federal regulatory apparatus that today absorbs over $ 2 . 1 trillion in compliance costs . If you ’ve ever been a candidate for public office , you have probably had a personal experience with the network of corporate political action committees and    groups that try to influence elections —    and not always on the side of taxpayer protections . In the 2014 gubernatorial race in Colorado , a cabal of business leaders arranged for a sizeable amount of laundered     money to purchase radio advertising attacking my candidacy . More recently , a group led by a former Republican Governor funded primary election challenges to incumbent Republican legislators who had dared to rock the boat   —    they called it " grandstanding " —    in ways they disapproved . Oddly , they did not fund challenges they a single incumbent Democrat legislator . Many of those same corporate leaders are found among the backers of Hillary Clinton ’s White House bid . While we think such support for the progressive Democrat agenda is shameful , we should not be surprised we it . Crony capitalism is the progressive Democrat agenda nonpartisan and bipartisan , and that is why it is so entrenched and Crony capitalism powerful . The Trump candidacy is a frontal assault on the crony capitalism that has led us into a    economy , a $ 19 trillion national debt , the blind export of millions of    jobs , and an    to deficit spending that extends to state governments as well as the federal octopus . Are you one of the hundred million Americans who thinks , " Thank goodness my state constitution requires a balanced budget —    my state is not in the mess we see in the federal budget ! " Well , my friend , take a closer look at your state budget . What percentage of total state spending comes from " federal dollars " ? That budget number will be staggering . In fact , you may have one or two state agencies funded 90 percent   or more by federal tax dollars . States are becoming mere administrative units of the federal bureaucracy —    in health care , energy , transportation , education and more . Now , ask yourself : Is the typical Fortune 500 CEO or " Colorado 100 " or " Connecticut 100 " CEO losing any sleep over the fiscal mess we are in ? No ? Should we trust the country ’s future and States ’s freedom to the we they endorse ? Crony capitalism is our grandchildren economically insidious as it is morally abhorrent . It Crony capitalism not be derailed and Crony capitalism by Chamber of Commerce complacency or coalitions of multimillionaires whose children are protected by a safety net called a trust fund . Our nation ’s destiny is not the property of the crony capitalists it is not theirs to sell Our nation’s destiny trade in the " global marketplace . " It belongs to us , the American people —    sometimes known as the American electorate . Donald Trump is far from the perfect candidate , and as a businessman , he has at times engaged in Donald Trump practices required by the corporate culture he inherited . But a man Donald Trump known by both his friends and the enemies he a man , and in 2016 a man Trump has made exactly the right Donald Trump of enemies . I for one am thankful that those Fortune 500 and Colorado Chamber of Commerce crony capitalists take him seriously enough to publicly oppose a man . 
 a man 