Actress Lena Dunham has opened up about how she plans to "survive" after the historic election of Donald Trump. [Dunham posted a message to Instagram on the eve of Thanksgiving in which she shared part of a letter she claimed to have received. "Don’t let the door hit you on the ass when you cross the border into Canada," the letter read, according to Dunham.  The Girls star said she can "survive" that letter, which helped her to realize that she can survive a whole lot more. "And you know what else I’ve realized I can survive, as a Jewish   sexual assault survivor with a queer family member and a belief that we are all exactly  beautifully equal?" she wrote. Dunham, who hit the campaign trail hard for Hillary Clinton, had promised to move to Canada if Trump was elected president. She said, in fact, that there was a "100 percent" chance. She also scorned   white women who voted for Donald Trump. "It’s painful to know that white women, so unable to see the unity of female identity, so unable to look past their violent privilege, and so inoculated with hate for themselves, showed up to the polls for him, too," she wrote in an essay for her Lenny Letter blog published days after the election. But the Golden   has completely backed away from fleeing the country, and now says she’s prepared to "fight" and "do what’s right. " "I can survive staying in this country, MY country, to fight and live and use my embarrassment of blessings to do what’s right," she said. "It’s easy to joke about moving to Canada," the   star added. "It’s harder to see, and to love, the people who fill your mailbox with hate. It’s harder to see what needs to be done and do it. " "It’s harder to live, fully and painfully aware of the injustice surrounding us, to cherish and fear your country all at once," Dunham wrote, inviting her nearly three million Instagram followers to "try" with her.  Have a Happy Thanksgiving 🍗🍴Love, L, A photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Nov 23, 2016 at 2:22pm PST,    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
