Welcome to Breitbart News’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race.   —   1o:10: No Surprise: Rubio’s base inside the beltway turns out for him on Saturday for D. C.’s GOP caucus: And three votes for Dr. Ben Carson, BREAKING: Marco Rubio wins Republican presidential caucuses in Washington D. C. @AP race call at 10:02 p. m. EST. #Election2016 #APracecall,  —   AP Politics (@AP_Politics) March 13, 2016,  10:05: Final Wyoming results: Cruz wins most delegates on Saturday at county conventions. But AP not declaring a winner because "another 14 of the state’s delegates will be awarded at the party’s state convention on April 16. " 9:00: Video of protesters inside Trump’s Kansas City rally: Just now at Trump rally in Kansas City. One of many happened in the last few minutes. pic. twitter.   —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) March 13, 2016,  8:49: Protesters who didn’t get kicked out: Protesters who didn’t get kicked out. @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRally #Trump #trumpinkc @41ActionNews pic. twitter.   —   Terra Hall (@TerraHall) March 13, 2016,  8:38: Police reportedly use pepper spray outside of Trump’s rally: Milk for those who say they were sprayed with pepper spray by police. pic. twitter.   —   Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) March 13, 2016,  Police just unleashed mace or pepper spray on crowd of protestors. Me and my photog hit,  —   Josh Helmuth (@Jhelmuth) March 13, 2016,  Milk for those who say they were sprayed with pepper spray by police. pic. twitter.   —   Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) March 13, 2016,  8:31: "Arrest her," Trump says of another protester. He says it has gotten relatively quiet since he threatened protesters with arrest. 8:27: Trump now talks about trade. He says he doesn’t mind free trade but he believes in smart trade where we come out on top. 8:25: Trump reading the lyrics to Al Wilson’s "The Snake. " So you can read what Trump just did here in Kansas City, his metaphor for taking refugees and terror: https:  .   —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) March 13, 2016,  Trump reading the lyrics to The Snake again.  —   Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 13, 2016,  8:23: When someone yells something at Trump’s rally, Trump asks "are you with us or against us?" Trump says sometimes people shout things at his rallies and get mistaken for protesters. Trump concludes he must be with us.  Trump says he is going to start pressing charges against "all these people. And then we won’t have a problem. " 8:15: Trump tells the audience that the Dayton man who tried to rush the stage was "probably ISIS or ISIS related. " Trump says certainly "he’s not in love with our country. That I can tell you, folks. " 8:07: Trump says Obama is "incompetent" and "doesn’t know what the hell he’s doing" and doesn’t react well "under pressure. " 8:05: Trump asks "what do they do to these people? Do they arrest them?" Trump says protesters should be arrested because they are "violating all of us. " Trump says his supporters don’t invade rallies of liberal politicians. He says the protesters who are "very violent" deserve to be arrested and he’ll file whatever charges you want. Trump says "if they want to do this," let "them have a big arrest mark" so their lives could be ruined. He says "we’re not going to have any more protesters" once that starts happening. Here is video of some of the protesters at Trump’s rally in Kansas City: pic. twitter.   —   Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) March 13, 2016,  8:03:   protesters: #BREAKING: Dozens just ejected from @realDonaldTrump speech by @kcpolice. He’s been interrupted several times. @kmbc pic. twitter.   —   Eli Rosenberg (@EliKMBC) March 13, 2016,  #BREAKING: @kcpolice arrest protestor #3 outside @realDonaldTrump speech. PD not messing around  moving fast @kmbc pic. twitter.   —   Eli Rosenberg (@EliKMBC) March 12, 2016,  7:59: Trump says millions of people are going to polls because they are inspired by his message. He calls Sanders’s supporters a "little group that wants a free lunch. " He says Hillary has "zero inspiration. " He blasts "stiffs like Mitt Romney" who failed "so damn badly" to defeat Obama. 7:57: Trump tells the police to "try not to hurt the person. " Trump says he is a "  person. " He points out all of the abuse the police are taking. Trump says we have to go back   years because what we are doing in this country is not working. He blasts the "organized nonsense. " Trump flanked by 3 service agents on both sides of the stage. More than normal.  —   Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 13, 2016,  7:55: Trump says the protesters should be referred to as "disrupters. " 7:50: Trump: "We’re going to take our country back from those people," Trump says. "These are bad, bad people. " Trump says they are protesting because there has never been anything like his movement. 7:47: Trump makes a great point. If Trump supporters waving Trump signs disrupted   rallies, they would be all over the front page. Trump blasts the "dishonest" press. Trump asks, "anybody in a rush?" Crowd answers, "NO!" And now the Trump Kansas City has started to devolve. Protestors been interrupting for about 6 minutes now,  —   Kristen Holmes (@KristenhCNN) March 13, 2016,  7:42: Crowd boos the protesters as Trump says "get ’em out. " Trump says his people are great. "It’s these people that are the problem. " He says they must be "Bernie supporters" and he says "we love our police. They do such a great job. " Trump says the protesters are "so bad for our country  …     so, so bad. " Trump asks protesters with "Bernie" signs if they were "put in here by Bernie. " Trump supporters chanting "  !   !" Trump says he wants to run against "our Communist friend" Bernie. "Sounds like you have a couple of protestors back there. The hell with them"  Trump,  —   Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 13, 2016,  7:40: Trump says his rallies have a lot more energy because he doesn’t use TelePrompTers. He says you can talk about things that happened 25 minutes ago. He says he’ll give prepared speeches some day but he likes his current style better. 7:39: Trump says he is   his campaign and unlike other candidates, his bosses will be the voters. 7:36: Trump praises his   crowds. He wants to thank everybody and says it has been an "interesting couple of days. " 7:35: Trump about to appear at Kansas City rally: Johnny Cash’s "Folsom Prison" is a huge hit at Trump’s rally in Kansas City. Crowd is standing and clapping. Mixing up the playlist.  —   Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) March 13, 2016,  Musical selections at Trump event: Stones ("Let’s Spend the Night Together") Billy Joel, Pavarotti, Elton ("Tiny Dancer")  —   Steve Kraske (@stevekraske) March 13, 2016,  7:32: Update on Cruz’s plane: Cruz’s plane returned to KC after his appearance because of a landing gear problem. It was fixed and he took off again, police say.  —   Craig Nienaber (@cnienaber) March 12, 2016,  7:02: Trump up big in another Florida poll: JUST OUT: New FAU Florida poll: Trump: 44% (+23) Rubio: 21%Cruz: 21%Kasich: 9% pic. twitter.   —   WPTV (@WPTV) March 12, 2016,  6:55: Protesters outside of Trump’s rally: Directly across the street from entrance, lots of protesters. Reminds me of Burlington on a smaller scale. pic. twitter.   —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) March 12, 2016,  6:50: Trump rally in Kansas City opens with "prayer for tolerance" as security officials flank the stage: 3 security officers flank stage in case of trouble,  —   Steve Kraske (@stevekraske) March 12, 2016,  Henry Lyins opens @realDonaldTrump event w prayer for tolerance. Met w applause,  —   Steve Kraske (@stevekraske) March 12, 2016,  6:45: Trump accuses "maniac" who tried to rush the stage at his Dayton rally of having ties to ISIS: USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https:  . ? ssr=true,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,  6:18: Kansas City mayor urges calm ahead of Trump’s rally: Hey folks, I know that there are concerns re: Trump.  Please avoid situations that incite violence.  Be careful and be #kansascity ians,  —   Mayor Sly James (@MayorSlyJames) March 12, 2016,  6:15: Cruz being lawyerly, sounding like Clinton by saying he is "effectively tied" with Trump in Missouri: Missouri gets the "battleground" billing from @tedcruz. "We are effectively tied" with Trump, Cruz says at a rally in Kansas City.  —   Patrick Svitek (@PatrickSvitek) March 12, 2016,  6:13:   protesters: Protesters outside the Trump event in Kansas City pic. twitter.   —   Starting Line (@IAStartingLine) March 12, 2016,  6:00: Trump protester arrested in Kansas City ahead of Trump’s Saturday evening rally: A Donald Trump protester was arrested in downtown #KansasCity Saturday about 4 p. m. for disorderly conduct. pic. twitter.   —   KCTV5  —   Kansas City (@KCTV5) March 12, 2016,  5:50: Trump attacking Kasich on his support for Common Core: Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D. C. No way,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,  5:40: New York Mayor Bill de Blasio calls Trump a "racist. " I didn’t realize this was in question. Behaves like a racist, speaks like a racist  …    of course @RealDonaldTrump is a racist.  —   Bill de Blasio (@BilldeBlasio) March 12, 2016,  5:08: Many Republicans who were on the fence are more supportive of Trump after last night’s chaos in Chicago: Donald Trump’s supporters are   on their guy after Chicago. https:  .   —   Phil Elliott (@Philip_Elliott) March 12, 2016,  5:05: Mugshot of man who tried to rush the stage at Trump’s rally: Here’s the mugshot of the man arrested for trying to rush the stage this morning at Trump’s Rally in Dayton, OH. pic. twitter.   —   Shaquille Brewster (@shaqbrewster) March 12, 2016,      5:02: Where’s the pressure on Sanders from the mainstream media to control his supporters? Remember the #TrumpRally wasn’t just luck. It took organizers from dozens of organizations and thousands of people to pull off. Great work.  —   People For Bernie (@People4Bernie) March 12, 2016,   : How Sanders supporters shut down Trump’s rally in Chicago. https:  .   —   Alex   (@aseitzwald) March 12, 2016,  3:52: [Tony Lee: Just like Trump turned the phony "war on women" rhetoric on its head when he accused Hillary Clinton of enabling her husband’s abuse in a way that the GOP establishment never did (or never even tried because they lacked the intestinal fortitude and are so afraid of not being liked by their mainstream   "bettors") he is the only Republican candidate using the organized chaos in Chicago on Friday night to call out Clinton, Sanders, and     who shut down a political rally in a way the truly peaceful Tea Party protesters never did. Republicans could have been unified in pointing out that conservative activists peacefully opposed   while   agitators who embody the "Salad Bowl" (instead of melting pot) America that so many Americans rightfully fear are engaging in mayhem and violence. They could have been unified in flipping the script. Instead, Messrs. Rubio, Kasich, and Cruz did what every establishment Republican does in times like this —    blame your own. You’d expect that from Rubio and Kasich, but Cruz’s response —  blaming Trump —  showed that inside, he may actually be the political careerist who has many of the same   characteristics of Hillary Clinton. Trump would not be the best GOP candidate to defeat other Democrats. But he is the perfect candidate to defeat Clinton because he, unlike more conventional Republican candidates whose   the mainstream media try to mute, has the megaphone to call her out on issues like Benghazi and her email scandal and go around the mainstream media’s filters to get his criticisms of Clinton directly to the people. The   media machine would eat   alive. And their reactions to the Chicago chaos reinforced that even more. Because of Trump, Americans who are watching biased mainstream media reports of the Chicago chaos will at least consider that   agitators may be more to blame than Trump’s supporters who just came to see their candidate give a speech. And by challenging the mainstream media’s preferred narrative of "peaceful"   agitators and "violent" conservative citizens, Trump has done much more good for the right than Kasich, Cruz, Rubio did this weekend.] 3:45: Joy Reid on MSNBC points out that Luther Campbell has said that some black voters in barbershops are saying they may vote for Trump because of his message on jobs. She also says there seems to be a lack of enthusiasm among black voters for  . 3:30: Huckabee blasts "thugs" who tried to disrupt Trump’s rally: Mike Huckabee calls Chicago Trump rally protesters "thugs out on the street": https:  .   —   Scott Conroy (@ScottFConroy) March 12, 2016,  3:25: On MSNBC, Kevin Cate tells Joy Reid that some voters may just vote for Jeb Bush to spite Rubio on Tuesday. Seems to be a lot of bad blood still between the two camps. Give Joy Reid, who knows Florida’s politics well, for asking Cate if the "first paragraph" in Rubio’s political obituary will be about "immigration" and his support of the Gang of Eight’s amnesty bill. You rarely hear people on   News pointing to immigration as the primary reason that Rubio’s campaign could not get out of the starting gate. Cate says many voters in Florida think Rubio used the Tea Party to get elected and "immediately abandoned" them once he got to Washington. 3:23: Trump praises "perfectly behaved crowd. " Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton  25K in   perfectly behaved crowd.   I love you, Ohio! pic. twitter.   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,  3:02: Bernie Sanders calls Trump a "pathological liar" and is on the defensive, saying his campaign didn’t organize the   protests. But   agitators that have flocked to his campaign did. Would the media be giving Trump a pass if Trump supporters had stormed the stage at a Clinton or Sanders rally and spent weeks organizing to disrupt one of their rallies? Bernie Sanders calls Donald Trump a "pathological liar" pic. twitter.   —   Sam Frizell (@Sam_Frizell) March 12, 2016,  2:41: Trump says "Little Marco" and "Lyin’ Ted" aren’t turning out millions of new voters. He says voters in their eighties are telling him that they are voting for the first time to support his campaign. 2:37: After a "Bernie person" interrupts Trump’s speech, Trump says "get your people in line. " He blasts Clinton for not being able to defeat a "Communist" for her party’s nomination. 2:33: Trump supporters yelling at CNN: Trump starts rally by blasting the news media people then start yelling at press.  "CNN get out of the way!"  —   Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) March 12, 2016,  2:29: Trump accuses the Club for Growth of extortion. He says they asked him for a million dollars and went on the attack when he didn’t donate. Trump says he is beholden to nobody. He also blasts Romney as a "little peanut" and says he has a store worth more than Romney. 2:21: Establishment Republican stalwart Rob Portman introducing Kasich at his rally: Sen. Rob Portman is here introducing Kasich at Heath, OH town hall. Portman was with Kasich at many NH town halls. pic. twitter.   —   Kailani Koenig (@kailanikm) March 12, 2016,  2:15: Trump says Kasich has been an absentee governor who voted for NAFTA and was a managing director at Lehman Brothers when it failed.  He also blasts Kasich for his support of TPP. He says Kasich can’t be president because he’s "weak on immigration" and "in favor of amnesty. " 2:05: Trump says the protesters are going to galvanize more Republicans to go to the polls because they will become "more angry. " He says Americans are fed up with the stupidity in Washington, the stupidity of labor deals, the fact that they haven’t had wage increases in 12 years. He says we are losing our jobs and factories and they are going to Mexico, China.  [Finally, Trump is getting better with his stump speech and not talking as much about process. He blasts the GOP "elites" on trade —  Trump could point out that what these elites want is a world with no borders to hammer home his campaign themes even more.] 1:55: In Cleveland, Trump asks, "do we love our protesters?  …     Get ’em out of here. Where do these people come from?" Trump says the protesters come from "Bernie’s crowd. " Trump says they are most likely Bernie’s people because even though some protesters are Clinton supporters, Clinton’s supporters usually lack the "fervor. " 1:54: Trump successfully challenging the mainstream media’s narrative. And he again show why he is the Republican who can best challenge Hillary Clinton: It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago  —   and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,  1:52: Trump accuses Rubio campaign of dirty tricks in Florida: Word   voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman,  their minions are working   to rig the vote.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,  We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in   on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,  1:48: According to the Daily Mail, law enforcement officials believed that protesters in Chicago last night had planned to storm the stage while Trump was speaking. There was reportedly "a credible threat against Trump from groups of protesters who planned to storm the stage. " 1:45: Great rapid response work from Sanders campaign: literally standing right behind her. https:  .  https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   mike casca (@cascamike) March 12, 2016,  "I don’t know where he was when I was trying to get health care in ’93 and ’94," a fired up @HillaryClinton says of Sanders.  —   Amy Chozick (@amychozick) March 12, 2016,  1:40: Clinton accuses Trump of being a political arsonist: Clinton on Trump: "If you play   you’re going to start a fire you can’t control. That’s not leadership. That’s political arson."  —   John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) March 12, 2016,  1:35: Sanders tells Jesse Jackson (!) that what Trump is doing is "dangerous" on so many levels: "What Trump is doing is incredibly dangerous on so many levels," @BernieSanders tells @RevJJackson in Hyde Park. pic. twitter.   —   Danny Freeman (@DannyEFreeman) March 12, 2016,  1:25: Trump releases statement on postponed Chicago rally: Commander George Devereux of the CPD was informed of everything before it happened. Likewise, Secret Service and private security firms were consulted and totally involved. We have received great credit from everyone for cancelling this event. Nobody was injured and crowds disbanded quickly and peacefully. It has been termed "really good management and leadership under great pressure!" It would have been easier for Mr. Trump to have spoken, but he decided, in the interest of everyone’s safety, to postpone the event. 12:08  —   Huckabee zings Hillary over the Chicago mobs, Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet video.  —   Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) March 12, 2016,    12:01  —   Cruz blaming Trump for Chicago’s mob violence costs him a vote. I have officially withdrawn my endorsement and support for Ted Cruz. His decision to blame Trump for the  …     https:  .   —   Jan Morgan (@JanMorganMedia) March 12, 2016,    11:56  —   Video of the Secret Service protect Trump from someone storming the stage. Secret Service rushes to protect Donald Trump as someone attempts to storm stage. pic. twitter.   —   Nicholas J. C. Pistor (@nickpistor) March 12, 2016,    11:54  —   Per CNN: Even after what happened in Chicago, people in Dayton, Ohio, lined up starting at 1 a. m. for this morning’s Trump event. The Fire Marshall had to shut down the line due to the number of people that eventually showed up.   11:53  —   MSNBC commentator: "When minorities hear ‘Make America Great Again,’ what they really hear is ‘Make America White Again. ’"   11:49  —   Per MSNBC, protesters stormed the stage at the Trump rally. Secret Service cleared the stage. Trump returned to the stage  …    . "I have a great life, such a comfortable life. . What do I need this for? I’m doing it for our country, folks!   …     Is there anything more fun than a Trump rally?"   11:42  —   Tammy Bruce, a     organizer, sees The Matrix in Chicago, As a former leftist community organizer, I can tell you right now Chicago wasn’t ‘organic,’ it was more    than anything else,  —   Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) March 12, 2016,   —   Weird how after months of Trump rhetoric only before Super Tues, when Rubio  Kasich losing home states, there are race riots against Trump.  —   Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) March 12, 2016,   —   Tweeps, I’m not on the Trump Train but think about it: Whose goals more served right now by Chicago   violence, Dems or GOP estab?  —   Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) March 12, 2016,   —   For all those still wondering what GOP estab needed from liberal billionaires at meet in GA? Look at last night.  —   Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) March 12, 2016,   —   After organized violence at Trump rally @tedcruz @marcorubio @JohnKasich should disclose what their @JebBush meet in FL this wk was about,  —   Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) March 12, 2016,   —   11:39  —   Bernie Sanders on defense: Per CNN: "My supporters were in Chicago but did not incite anything. " Trump is calling on Sanders to tell his supporters to "stop" disrupting his events. The Mob in Chicago last night was heard chanting, "Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!"   11:02  —   Trump addresses Ohio rally, Trump blasts TPP: "You’re going to lose your auto industry. I’ll stop it if I’m president. "  —   NFL star Nick Mangold introduces Trump at rally https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   The Hill (@thehill) March 12, 2016,   —   Trump rips Kasich for backing NAFTA: "We lost all our jobs. It destroyed New England. " Trump promises to build a wall. Explains that he canceled to protect his "wonderful" supporters. Calls on Bernie Sanders to tell his supporters to "stop. " Trump on the protesters in Chicago: "Some represented Bernie, our communist friend  …     he should get up and say to his people, ‘stop. ’"  —   daveweigel (@daveweigel) March 12, 2016,  "My people are nice. They caused no problems. It’s the people who came there to protest who caused the problem. People are telling me to tell my supporters to behave. But my supporters are fine. We’re great. It’s the other people causing problems. "   10:46  —   Trump said the media was wrong about him canceling his Cincinnati event today, The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great  —   love you Ohio!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,   10:31   media stokes violence and then digs their toe in the dirt playing innocent. MEDIA: We just spent 3 days comparing Trump rallies to Nazi rallies  …     WHERE DID ALL THIS VIOLENCE COME FROM?  —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,   —   The media spending 3 days comparing Trump  his supporters to Nazis over a dumb pledge didn’t STOKE anything, RIGHT?  —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,   —   Weird how this violent rhetoric from Obama never caused any mobs or violence  …     pic. twitter.   —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,   —   The media comparing Trump and his supporters to Hitler for 3 days last week KNEW EXACTLY WHAT THEY WERE DOING.  —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,   —   Everyone in the media justifying these mobs condemned people who spoke out at Obamacare townhalls for getting yelly.  —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,   —   Nothing Trump’s said violated anyone’s rights. Last night a mob violated his  his supporters’  the media and many on the Right love it.  —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,   —   10:11  —   Rubio’s remarks condemning Trump, Powerful video of @MarcoRubio on Trump’s divisive rhetoric and the violent protests: https:  .   —   Olivia (@olivia_pc) March 12, 2016,    10:10  —   Bernie Sanders supporters we’re part of last night’s mob in Chicago, Trump cancelled his Chicago rally. Pandemonium inside. "Bernie" chants breaking out.  —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) March 12, 2016,   9:54  —   Trump is on his way to Dayton, Ohio, On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,   9:44  —   250 show up at Rubio event in Florida, 250 at this @marcorubio rally in Largo, Fla. according to  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 12, 2016,   9:40  —   Kasich blames Trump: "Donald Trump has created a toxic environment. " Kasich: "To see Americans slugging each other at a political rally deeply disturbed me. We’re better than that. "  —   Reid J. Epstein (@reidepstein) March 12, 2016,   —   "We’re better than that" @JohnKasich re violence in Chicago.  —   Hugh Hewitt (@hughhewitt) March 12, 2016,  —   Kasich on Trump: "There is no place for this. There is no place for a natl leader to prey on the fears of the people who live in our cntry"  —   Ben Gittleson (@bgittleson) March 12, 2016,    9:09  —   Rubio backs away from his pledge to support Trump in the general election. Wow. Just now, @marcorubio on whether he’d support GOP nominee: says he continues to intend to but "it’s getting harder every day. "  —   Hallie Jackson (@HallieJackson) March 12, 2016,    9:01  —   "The morning after Chicago —   the line to get into Trump rally outside Dayton, OH. "   8:59  —   Our media  …     1 Protests are American (ie the tea parties) 2 A bigot’s encouragement of political violence is NEVER sympathetic. https:  .   —   Ron Fournier (@ron_fournier) March 12, 2016,    8:56  —   Trump says the mobs that violated his free speech right have "energized America. " The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016,    8:53  —   Fearing more violence, Trump cancels Cincinnati event. Donald Trump is no longer planning a rally in Downtown on Sunday afternoon. The Secret Service security supporting the GOP presidential front runner’s campaign could not complete its preparation work in time to hold the event at the Duke Energy Convention Center, saidEric Deters, a local spokesman for Trump’s campaign. "Trump wants to come here, and the campaign is still looking to find a location for either Sunday or Monday," Deters said.   10:43: CBS reporter arrested after Trump rally postponed: CBS’ Sopan Deb’s final tweet before being arrested at Trump rally  …      https:  .   —   Joshua Hoyos (@JoshuaHoyos) March 12, 2016,  10:25: Trump on Hannity: . @realDonaldTrump on law enforcement  —   "They were totally prepared to go through it" but advised canceling #Chicago #ChicagoRally,  —   Alex Swoyer (@ASwoyer) March 12, 2016,  . @realDonaldTrump on @seanhannity on https:  .  "not a good group of people" #TrumpChicago,  —   Alex Swoyer (@ASwoyer) March 12, 2016,  10:20: On CNN, Rubio says a president just can’t say whatever comes to his mind and there are consequences to someone’s words. He says Trump needs to "own up to the fact that the rhetoric he has used" has contributed to this climate. He says "there’s something different going on here" re: Trump’s rallies because there aren’t fights that break out at other candidates’s rallies. Rubio says Trump’s rhetoric, though, doesn’t excuse what the protesters did. Rubio says Trump is not directly responsible for the events in Chicago but bears responsibility for his campaign’s tone. 10:05: In Illinois, Cruz accuses Trump of "affirmatively encouraging violence. " 9:55: A lot of the   protesters were chanting "Bernie!" Does Sanders have a responsibility to tell his supporters to stand down? We do things a little different in this campaign: We bring people TOGETHER. #BernieInIL,  —   Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) March 12, 2016,  Can you image 100s of Trump supporters swarming a Sanders rally, engaging in mass violence  being referred to by the MSM as "protestors"?  —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 12, 2016,  9:48: Chicago PD claims says they officially didn’t recommend that Trump cancel his rally. Trump has said law enforcement officials have praised his campaign for doing so: Spokesman for Chicago Police Department says agency never recommended Trump cancel campaign rally: https:  .   —   The Associated Press (@AP) March 12, 2016,  9:44: Cruz is now blaming Trump (the Ivy League elitist in Cruz keeps creeping out when push comes to shove): "I think a campaign bears a responsibility for creating an environment"  —   @tedcruz on @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRally,  —   Alex Swoyer (@ASwoyer) March 12, 2016,  9:39: Rubio echoing Trump’s line about professional protesters: "Those people that are there are professional protesters"  —   @marcorubio on @FoxNews #TrumpRally,  —   Alex Swoyer (@ASwoyer) March 12, 2016,  9:35: Nolte: BERNIE SIGN,  ⚡️ "Trump rally in Chicago turns violent in face of protests"https:  .   —   John Nolte (@NolteNC) March 12, 2016,  9:29: Bill Ayers protesting Trump: Actual terrorist Bill Ayers is protesting against trump in Chicago. pic. twitter.   —   Progressives Today (@ProgsToday) March 11, 2016,  9:22: Ben Carson blasts protesters on Fox News: . @RealBenCarson on @FoxNews on #TrumpRally "I don’t think they even know what they’re protesting about."  —   Alex Swoyer (@ASwoyer) March 12, 2016,  9:20: Trump: "Protesting is a business for them," Trump says of career  . He will not meet with professional agitators. 9:15: When CNN’s Lemon asks Trump if he is going to postpone every rally because of the threat of protests, Trump says, "well, would you like me to have them, Don, and you’d like to see people killed?" Trump says it will depend  …     will be a on a    basis. Trump said people could have been hurt badly tonight and law enforcement has given him credit for making the right decision. Trump says he is not a person that wants to see violence, wants to see people hurt. He also says there are "certain groups" that agitate and "cause problems" and "they have caused problem" and they have stopped the right of free speech. 9:09: Now on CNN, Trump says he hopes his tone is not leading to violence. He says his core message is bringing jobs back to America and mentions that includes for the 59% of unemployed   youth. Trump has called into all of the major cable television networks. Trump says there is "great love" for his message at the stadiums. Trump says he thinks he did the right thing tonight after meeting with law enforcement after they told him that people could get hurt. Trump blasts CNN, like he did Fox News, for playing the same clips over and over again after the protesters have dispersed. Trump says his supporters have been treated unfairly because the First Amendment says we have the right to speak. Trump says he has "no regrets" talking about subjects like illegal immigration. When CNN’s Lemon asks Trump, 9:08: BET Tweets: Protestors chant #KendrickLamar after receiving news that the Chicago #TrumpRally was cancelled. ✊🏿🙌🏿#WeGonBeAlright pic. twitter.   —   BET (@BET) March 12, 2016,  9:07:   protesters: Welp. This happened. #TrumpRally pic. twitter.   —   Ryan Smith (@RyanSmithWriter) March 12, 2016,  9:04:   protester says he is there supporting Sanders and against Trump’s policies. [Will the media call on Sanders to control his supporters?] 9:03: Update on injured police  : UPDATE   —   #TrumpRally 2 civilians both in good condition1 CPD officer  —   went 2 hospital   minor injury. Per CFD pic. twitter.   —   Greg Kelly (@CBS2Greg) March 12, 2016,  9:02: Earlier in St. Louis,   protesters were stepping on the American flag: Anti Trump protesters stepping on flag #Fox2now pic. twitter.   —   FOX2now (@FOX2now) March 11, 2016,  9:01: Coulter notices Mexican flags being waved by   protesters: Anyone else notice the Mexican flags being waved by the   Chicago mob?  —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 12, 2016,  Need we say more? If you did this in mexico you’d be arrested. #Trump2016 #Chicago pic. twitter.   —   Progressives Today (@ProgsToday) March 11, 2016,  8:56: Fox’s John Roberts reporting that a lot of the protesters are Bernie Sanders (will the media call on Sanders to control his supporters?) supporters and Black Lives Matter supporters. 8:54: Video from inside venue: Inside the shutdown #TrumpRally pic. twitter.   —   natalie solidarity (@constantnatalie) March 12, 2016,  8:53: Chicago Police officer bloodied, injured after Trump rally was postponed: #BREAKING  —   #CPD Cop injured after #TrumpRally postponed at UIC. Complete coverage on  @cbschicago @ 10P pic. twitter.   —   Greg Kelly (@CBS2Greg) March 12, 2016,  Protestors now laying down in front of the parking garage exit, preventing cars from leaving. #TrumpRally #ChicagoScanner,  —   Eye on Politics (@EyeOnPolitics) March 12, 2016,  8:52: Fox News also reporting protesters laying down in front of parking garage. Protestors now laying down in front of the parking garage exit, preventing cars from leaving. #TrumpRally #ChicagoScanner,  —   Eye on Politics (@EyeOnPolitics) March 12, 2016,  8:51: Trump on Greta: . @realDonaldTrump: "I don’t want to see people get hurt  —   any people, on either side"  #greta #TrumpRally @FoxNewshttps:  .   —   Greta Van Susteren (@greta) March 12, 2016,  8:50:   protesters clashing with police. More footage. @DNAinfoCHI pic. twitter.   —   Evan F. Moore (@evanFmoore) March 12, 2016,  1968  …      …    Chicago. Don’t take us back there Trump. We will not stand for it. #TrumpRally pic. twitter.   —   Lisa Foster (@xmainer1) March 12, 2016,  8:46: On Fox News, Trump says President Obama has been a divider and he will be a "unifier. " He says he will unite the country by bringing jobs back. Trump says he told the police that he didn’t want to see his supporters and the protesters clash. He says the protests are important because they are revealing some serious problems in America. 8:45: CNN’s John King says because of the media’s coverage of the Chicago protesters,   activists around the country may want to be copycats. "You can bet there will be more of this," he says. 8:33: Melissa   egging on protesters: Chicago. Raise up. Stand up. Chicago.  —   Melissa   (@MHarrisPerry) March 12, 2016,  8:30:   protesters were chanting "We Stopped Trump. " The scene here after @realDonaldTrump canceled his Chicago rally. Protesters celebrate chanting "We stopped Trump" pic. twitter.   —   Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) March 12, 2016,  8:28: Speaking to Chris Matthews, Trump says we shouldn’t be restricted to having a rally because of ethnic diversity. Matthews says Trump should have been able to predict it. Trump says it is a major, great city in the United States and says it shouldn’t matter that we’re having a rally in Chicago or someplace else. Trump says he is surprised that Matthews says he shouldn’t have had the rally there when he has said on his program that Republicans should campaign in more diverse areas. Trump says political experts have said these protests will probably increase his vote share. 8:25:   refers to protesters who are preventing cops from doing their jobs as "brave. " Brave protesters stand up to cop #TrumpChicago #ByeAnita pic. twitter.   —   Alex Lopez (@ZepolRXela) March 12, 2016,  Chicago shut down #TrumpRally pic. twitter.   —   Alex Lopez (@ZepolRXela) March 12, 2016,  8:24: Gergen continues to compare Trump to George Wallace. He points out that eventually he got shot himself and was badly wounded. "Terrible. " He, for some reason, insists that "similar things were going on" at Sarah Palin rallies in 2008. David Gergen on CNN comparing tonight in Chicago to 1968 in Chicago. "This is very dangerous."  —   Jon Ward (@jonward11) March 12, 2016,  8:20: On CNN, former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino, who worked for Obama and has endorsed Cruz, says the media should not blame Trump for putting the public in danger. "I don’t get it," he says, noting that he has been on both sides of this. Bongino says we see nasty rhetoric emanating from the left but Republican candidates are held to a different standard. He says it is very dangerous to pin this on a candidate who hasn’t broken any laws. Bongino says Trump is running on a platform that he doesn’t agree with but it is "dangerous" to pin this on Trump. 8:14: More information on the man who stormed the stage. Before #TrumpRally, Rev Brown @livelifefreed tweets: "I never seen such bold hatred." He was hauled off stage pic. twitter.   —   FOX 32 News (@fox32news) March 12, 2016,  8:13: Aerial shots of scene at postponed Trump rally: WATCH LIVE: Video shows crowds on Chicago street after #TrumpRally canceled https:  .   —   @cbschicago pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) March 12, 2016,  8:12: Chicago Police Department’s radio live feed,   8:10: Chris Matthews reportedly saying Trump should  not have had a rally at a "diverse" city like Chicago. This is the same mainstream media that criticize Republicans for not going into diverse areas. Can’t win with them. Chris Matthews arguing Trump shouldn’t have had rally in "diverse" city like Chicago.  —   Tom Bevan (@TomBevanRCP) March 12, 2016,  8:00: More from the postponed Trump rally: As the sun goes down, the   crowd appears to grow #TrumpRallyChi    via ABC sky cam pic. twitter.   —   dope, it’s tom (@DOPEITSTOM) March 12, 2016,    Sad day for #Democracy as the left prove they only like elections when they know they’ll win. #TrumpRally pic. twitter.   —   Andre Walker (@andrejpwalker) March 12, 2016,  7:59: Matt Drudge’s Take: The real Trump protests are this summer.  When nation will realize issues are damn serious. #TrumpRally pic. twitter.   —   MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) March 12, 2016,  7:55: Trump supporters, protesters clash: Police flooding in #TrumpRally, telling people to leave. pic. twitter.   —   Ariel Cheung (@arielfab) March 12, 2016,  . @Acosta on the air as contingent of police officers enters now postponed Trump rally https:  .  https:  .   —   Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) March 12, 2016,  Face Off: Chicago police on horseback vs   protesters outside arena where @realDonaldTrump speaking. pic. twitter.   —   ChuckGoudie (@ChuckGoudieABC7) March 12, 2016,  7:52: Trump campaign’s statement: Here is the statement from the Trump campaign about the canceled event: @fox32news pic. twitter.   —   Craig Wall FOX 32 (@craigrwall) March 12, 2016,  7:50: CNN’s Acosta saying there are thousands of protesters. Black Lives Matter, Latino activists,   activists have been organizing for well over a week to disrupt Trump’s rally: 5 mins out and this is where we’re at. pic. twitter.   —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) March 11, 2016,  Basically the 5 bottom sections of the stands in this shot are filled with protesters: pic. twitter.   —   Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) March 12, 2016,  Protester on stage at the Trump rally in Chicago, no audio. Trump just canceled the event https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Brandon Wall (@Walldo) March 12, 2016,  7:40: Hundreds of protesters, who are gleeful that the rally was postponed,   with Trump supporters. Chicago police takes a protester who tried to take over the podium away. CNN’s Jim Acosta says that security doesn’t have a handle on the situation and some protesters and some Trump supporters seem to be looking for a fight. 7:38: A madhouse at Trump rally. Protesters yelling "Bernie" while Trump supporters shouting "Trump. " 7:35: Trump Postpones Chicago rally. Attendees were told that Trump has just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement, he decided to postpone the rally for the safety of the tens of thousands involved. Speaker tells crowd to go home peacefully.  6:55: Good news for Sanders in Ohio. Judge rules some    can vote on Tuesday: Ohio judge rules some    can vote in Tuesday’s primaries, a victory for Bernie Sanders https:  .   —   CNN Breaking News (@cnnbrk) March 11, 2016,  6:30: Kasich taping MSNBC town hall: MSNBC taping town hall w John Kasich. Airs tonight at 8. We’ll have it covered @WLWT pic. twitter.   —   Brian Hamrick (@bhamrick_wlwt) March 11, 2016,  Big crowd outside Dayton, OH for Kasich’s town hall at a glass manufacturing plant. Diff energy at his OH events. pic. twitter.   —   Kailani Koenig (@kailanikm) March 11, 2016,  6:25: Obama makes "birther" joke about Cruz: . @POTUS cracks a "birther" joke about @tedcruz at the State Dinner for Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau. https:  .   —   Meet the Press (@meetthepress) March 11, 2016,  6:20:   protesters. At an earlier rally, Trump said these protesters are the people who are not making America great.   UIC student protesters are assembling for their march against Donald Trump’s Chicago rally: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ABC 7 Chicago (@ABC7Chicago) March 11, 2016,    protester #TrumpChicago pic. twitter.   —   Geoff Ziezulewicz (@JournoGeoffZ) March 11, 2016,  #TrumpChicago pic. twitter.   —   Alex Lopez (@ZepolRXela) March 11, 2016,  Anti Trump protester #TrumpChicago pic. twitter.   —   Geoff Ziezulewicz (@JournoGeoffZ) March 11, 2016,  #TrumpChicago pic. twitter.   —   Geoff Ziezulewicz (@JournoGeoffZ) March 11, 2016,  Trump supporters on left protesters in background #trumpchicago pic. twitter.   —   Geoff Ziezulewicz (@JournoGeoffZ) March 11, 2016,  6:15: "Trump footlongs" on sale in Chicago: The Wiener’s Circle celebrates Trump’s Chicago visit with   "Trump footlongs" https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ABC 7 Chicago (@ABC7Chicago) March 11, 2016,  6:00: Rep. Gutierrez  ( ) speaking to   protesters ahead of Trump’s Chicago rally: Congressman Gutierrez speaking at #Chicago   rally, against Trump’s ’hate speech, racism, bigotry’ pic. twitter.   —   Progress Illinois (@progressIL) March 11, 2016,  5:50: Rep. Luis Gutierrez, who will join protesters at Trump’s Chicago rally tonight, says Donald Trump is ‘Sarah Palin on Steroids.’ 5:45: Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( ) thinks Trump can expand the GOP tent in a way his "Young Guns" could not. 5:30: Black Lives Matter and Latino activists upset at Trump’s immigration rhetoric expected to protest Trump’s Chicago rally. 5:25: More than 50, 000 people have signed a MoveOn. org petition asking University of   to cancel Trump’s rally. 5:20: According to NBC Chicago, the first Trump supporter in Chicago showed up at 3 a. m. The arena seats 9, 500 and more than 10, o00 have RSVP’d. 5:18: Ben  Jerry’s   Jerry Greenfield shows up at site of Trump’s Chicago rally and scoops free ice cream for those in line: @BernieSanders fans dishing out Ben  Jerry’s ice cream to potential protesters ahead of Trump rally in Chicago pic. twitter.   —   Ben Kesling (@bkesling) March 11, 2016,  5:11: Sanders challenges Clinton on trade: That’s a good question. My answer is yes.  https:  .   —   Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) March 11, 2016,  4:55: Man holds sign at Rubio rally asking him to endorse Cruz: This man, John Moore, held up this sign in front of Rubio nearly the whole time, kept telling him his time will come pic. twitter.   —   Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) March 11, 2016,  4:48: Rep. Trent Franks ( ) endorses Cruz: "I remain deeply committed to the election of a President who is committed to preserving the Constitution, the conservative cause, and this Republic for future generations," Franks said. "Two weeks ago I urged Senators Cruz and Rubio to unite and present our Party with a combined ticket that would bring our conservative cause together in the primary election, and our nation together in the general election. While that did not happen, the results of the last two weeks make clear that the most reliable conservative with the best chance to win is Ted Cruz. He can win our party’s nomination and even more importantly, can beat Hillary Clinton in November. Therefore I have cast my ballot for Ted and am now honored to endorse his campaign, encouraging all who believe in strong families,   and the Constitution, to similarly rally to this effort and vote for Ted as the next President of the United States. " Cruz said he was "Honored to have the endorsement of such a principled leader and defender of the Constitution like Trent. " "He rightfully knows that it’s time for all conservatives to coalesce around our campaign in order to stop Donald Trump," Cruz added. "Arizona will have the opportunity to help choose the next President of the United States in less than two weeks and I urge all Arizonans to join Rep. Franks in support of our campaign. " 4:39: Hillary apologizes for misspeaking about Reagan’s record on  : Hillary Clinton’s statement on her comments about the Reagans’ record on HIV and AIDS: pic. twitter.   —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 11, 2016,  These are lengthy, detailed comments from Clinton  —   may be hard for her to brush them off with just "I misspoke" pic. twitter.   —   David Sirota (@davidsirota) March 11, 2016,  4:00: Heavens open as soon as Nancy Reagan is laid to rest: Live video: Rain begins to fall in Simi Valley following Nancy Reagan’s funeral https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   KTLA (@KTLA) March 11, 2016,  340: Team Kasich blasts Rubio’s super PAC ads against Kasich: Now if Marco  his team would "urge" their special interest super pac to pull the $1. 5 million in distorted attack ads against @johnkasich.  —   John Weaver (@JWGOP) March 11, 2016,  3:35: Phyllis Schlafly’s endorsement of Trump: Conservative icon  living legend Phyllis Schlafly endorses @realDonaldTrump for President of the United States. pic. twitter.   —   Dan Scavino (@DanScavino) March 11, 2016,  3:30: Trump blasts the media. Now targeting Politico: Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 11, 2016,  3:20: Rubio greeting voters in Naples: The scene in Naples, Fl as we wait for Rubio to make a meet n greet stop —    people here pic. twitter.   —   Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) March 11, 2016,  3:10: Cruz with Hannity in Orlando: . @tedcruz in Orlando   @seanhannity #CruzToVictory #CruzCrew #Cruz2016 #ChooseCruz pic. twitter.   —   bruce redden (@brucereddenjr) March 11, 2016,  2:58: After Patty Davis’s   speech, Ron Reagan Jr. says there would not be a library without a President Ronald Reagan. And there would  not have been a President Reagan without Nancy Reagan. He says they were  . Reagan says that his dad thought everyone who worked with him was "pure of heart" but not his mother. He mentions Don Regan. But he says his mother could also be the most loyal friend and speaks about her friendship with Joan Rivers. He says if his Mom and one great talent, it was how to love and she loved his Dad. Ron Reagan: "There likely wouldn’t have been a President Ronald Reagan without a Nancy Reagan." @TrishIntel pic. twitter.   —   FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) March 11, 2016,  "My parents were two halves of a circle  …    nobody truly crossed the boundary"   Davis at her Mother’s funeral.  —   Conan Nolan (@conanNBCLA) March 11, 2016,  2:45: Trump says Ivanka and his    Jared asked him to presidential last night during the debate. Trump says he acted very presidential last night but that isn’t as fun. So he blasts "lyin’ Ted" and "Little Marco. " 2:40: Tom Brokaw reminisces about Nancy Reagan. He says she was the keeper of the flame and extremely politically astute behind the scenes: #NancyReagan Tom Brokaw recalls "remarkable friendship" with Nancy, started when he was cub reporter #CBSLA,  —   Sandra Mitchell (@CBSLAsandra) March 11, 2016,  LIVE: @tombrokaw speaks at First Lady Nancy Reagan’s funeral. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) March 11, 2016,  . @TomBrokaw on #RonaldReagan during #NancyReagan funeral: I saw the best run campagin I had ever seen  maybe since.  —   L. A. Daily News (@ladailynews) March 11, 2016,  "Tom, back to square one, Love, Nancy"  —   @TomBrokaw at the funeral of #NancyReagan, on a treasured photo of the two of them inscribed by her,  —   John Baiata (@JBaiata) March 11, 2016,  2:30: Trump talks about illegal immigrant crime. He references the late Kate Steinle and Jamiel Shaw Jr. 2:26: At Trump’s rally, he slams Kasich for bringing Obamacare to Ohio. 2:20: Brian Mulroney reads beautiful letter from Ronald Reagan to Nancy Reagan: "I love the whole gang of you  …    the sentimental you, the fun you  …    "  —   Letter from Ronald to Nancy, read by Mulroney pic. twitter.   —   Fox News (@FoxNews) March 11, 2016,  "There could be no life for me  —   without you."  —    Letter from Ronald Reagan to Nancy Reagan, read by Brian Mulroney pic. twitter.   —   Fox News (@FoxNews) March 11, 2016,  2:08: At Trump’s rally, he says the protesters "are not the people that made our country great. " He says "these are the people that are destroying our country. " He says he was asked if he wanted to cancel the event because protesters had planned to disrupt it be he decided not to. Crowd chanting "    hey, hey, hey, goodbye" as protesters are escorted out. #BlackLivesMatter faction trying to disrupt Trump Rally in St. Louis but Trump continues to press on pic. twitter.   —   Wayne Dupree (@WayneDupreeShow) March 11, 2016,  Crowd sings "Goodbye" song inside Trump rally.  "Na Na Na Na, Na Na Na Na, Hey, Hey, Hey. Goodbye." @FOX2now pic. twitter.   —   Danielle Scruggs (@DanielleScruggs) March 11, 2016,  2:o2: Nancy Reagan’s funeral service: Nancy Reagan Funeral Service  —   LIVE on   https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CSPAN (@cspan) March 11, 2016,  2:00: Hillary Clinton, Michelle Obama and Bushes at Nancy Reagan funeral: WATCH: @FLOTUS, @HillaryClinton and Laura Bush walk into Nancy Reagan funeral together https:  .  https:  .   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) March 11, 2016,  #Nancy Reagan Former First Lady Hillary Clinton meets the press at Reagan Library @KNX1070 @CBSLA pic. twitter.   —   Pete Demetriou (@knxpete) March 11, 2016,  #NancyReagan Former President George W Bush   First Lady Laura Bush Arrive at Nancy Reagan Funeral @KNX1070 @CBSLA pic. twitter.   —   Pete Demetriou (@knxpete) March 11, 2016,  1:56: Trump says Kasich abandoned Ohio and lived in New Hampshire and then moved to Michigan. He hits Kasich for favoring the disastrous   Partnership deal. 1:55: Palin welcomes Dr. Carson aboard the Trump Train: 1:53: "Get ’em out of here," Trump says at his rally when protesters disrupt. "He’s all mouth. "   1:52: Mr. T arrives for Nancy Reagan’s funeral: Mr. T arrives at Reagan Library for Nancy Reagan’s funeral. Watch live: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   KTLA (@KTLA) March 11, 2016,  1:5o: Arnold Schwarzenneger and Maria Shriver at Nancy Reagan’s funeral: Live video: Arnold Schwarzenegger, wife Maria Shriver arrive at Nancy Reagan’s funeral https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   KTLA (@KTLA) March 11, 2016,  1:49: Hillary Clinton, who is attending Nancy Reagan’s funeral, praises her "grace and strength. " HRC to @mitchellreports on Nancy Reagan’s Alzheimer’s work: "I think her contribution to this fight will be  " @MSNBC,  —   Monica Alba (@AlbaMonica) March 11, 2016,  HRC on Nancy Reagan: "I think that she had not only an incredible relationship with her husband  …     But she had a lot of courage and grit"  —   Monica Alba (@AlbaMonica) March 11, 2016,  Hillary Clinton, on @MSNBC right now, says Nancy Reagan’s "grace and strength" after the attempted assassination was "extraordinary"  —   Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) March 11, 2016,  1:48: More from Trump rally: Scenes from outside @realDonaldTrump rally in St. Louis. pic. twitter.   —   Robert Cohen (@kodacohen) March 11, 2016,    Homemade signs not allowed at @realDonaldTrump rally in St. Louis. pic. twitter.   —   Robert Cohen (@kodacohen) March 11, 2016,  1:45: Scene at Trump rally in St. Louis. Americans from all walks of life. Huge lines. Crowd chanting "We Want Trump. " The crowd is chanting "WE WANT TRUMP!"  —   AEV (@vandives) March 11, 2016,  We’re finally 2 the front but there almost out of room apparently. THOUSANDS behind us waiting.. This crowd is HUGE pic. twitter.   —   AEV (@vandives) March 11, 2016,  These people on the right side are @ the end of the line.. They’re definitely not getting in lol over a mile long.. pic. twitter.   —   AEV (@vandives) March 11, 2016,  The crowds in line are Americans from all walks of life  —   everyone together having a great time! These protestors are the hateful ones 100%  —   AEV (@vandives) March 11, 2016,  Protestors are screaming at us from behind a police barricade trying to taunt us telling us we’re racist.. So Who’s full of hate? ??  —   AEV (@vandives) March 11, 2016,  1:25  —   Limbaugh Calls Breitbart News "Trumpbart"   1:09  —   Jenner: "If Hillary becomes president, the country is over" Caitlyn Jenner is bashing Hillary Clinton, calling the Democratic presidential   a "political hack" who will ruin the country. "I would never, ever, ever vote for Hillary," the reality TV star says in a preview clip from Sunday’s episode of E! ’s "I am Cait. " "We’re done if Hillary becomes president, the country is over," Jenner, 66, says in a heated political debate with her friends. "You can’t fix immigration, you can’t fix the economy  —   it’s got to stop. We don’t have a country. And Hillary will not do it. "   1:01  —   New poll out of Missouri, New Missouri poll: Trump 36 Cruz 29 Rubio 9 Kasich 8 Undec 17 Clinton 47 Sanders 40 Undec 13,  —   Dave Helling (@dhellingkc) March 11, 2016,  12:43  —   Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio Vote Tuesday.  Here are the latest GOP  polls and the Dem polls: Florida, Trump +15, Clinton +34, Ohio, Trump +2. 5, Clinton +20, Illinois, Trump +12, Clinton +30. 5, North Carolina  Trump +10, Clinton +20, Missouri  —   No recent polling. Poll from August had Trump +12, Poll from August had Clinton +28,     12:17  —   Rubio has not been ahead in Florida since January of last year.   11:58  —   No good deed. Kasich spox Rob Nichols on Rubio news: "We were going to win in OH without his help, just as he’s going to lose in FL   ours"  —   Kathleen Ronayne (@kronayne) March 11, 2016,    11:56  —   "Trump rally. Literally the longest line I’ve ever seen. " The location appears to be St. Louis. Trump rally. Literally the longest line I’ve ever seen. pic. twitter.   —   Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) March 11, 2016,    11:52  —   Rubio signals he is giving up on Ohio. Obviously John Kasich has a better chance in Ohio than I do, confirms @marcorubio,  —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 11, 2016,   11:31  —   National Review to endorse Ted Cruz, The endorsement: @NRO says @tedcruz for President. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Jack Fowler (@jackfowler) March 11, 2016,    11:21  —   Rubio calls on his supporters to vote for Kasich in Ohio, BREAKING: @marcorubio communications director @AlexConant tells us Rubio supporters in Ohio should vote for @JohnKasich. @ThisHour,  —   John Berman (@JohnBerman) March 11, 2016,   —   Rubio team admits Trump wins FL RT @mattbai: That is something. https:  .   —   amy walter (@amyewalter) March 11, 2016,   —   11:16  —   Report: Phyllis Schlafly to Endorse Donald Trump at St. Louis Rally,   9:52 Breitbart News responds to Donald Trump’s claim that Michelle Fields made up the story of being harshly grabbed at a campaign event. Breitbart News stands behind Michelle Fields. Even Donald Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson said Thursday that "someone probably did grab her," i. e. Fields, though she claimed it could not have been Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. Trump’s suggestion that Fields made up the incident Tuesday evening contradicts the evidence, including her own injuries, an account from Washington Post reporter Ben Terris, and audio recorded at the scene.   9:49  —   Trump rips Ohio Governor John Kasich over trade. Trump on Kasich: "He’s very much in favor of the   Partnership. That will destroy Ohio. "  —   Joshua Chavers (@JoshuaChavers) March 11, 2016,  Kasich and Trump are in a very close in the   primary state of Ohio.   9:47  —   Trump signals he is not interested in more debates. At his Friday morning presser, Trump said that he was unaware of an upcoming debate and said that he is "done" with debates.   9: 46  —   Drudge on Cruz,    9:40  —   Trump: "The Republican Party has lots its way. " During his Friday presser, Trump said that the "Republican party has lost its way. It’s lost two elections it should have won, especially the last one. " He’s on VERY solid ground with the base here. https:  .   —   Chris Cillizza (@TheFix) March 11, 2016,   9:32  —   Trump’s New Tone: "There are two Donald Trumps" During a press conference after receiving the endorsement of Dr. Ben Carson, Republican   Donald Trump continued to present himself as he did at last night’s debate: as more presidential, subdued, while still being open to the media. Trump said, "There are two Donald Trumps. " When pressed by the media on what that means, Trump said that there is the Trump who brawled his way through the primary and the guy who is "thoughtful" and "reads and thinks. " Trump is presenting himself as inevitable, as someone prepared to unify. Four days before a crucial set of primaries, he’s in    mode.   9:28  —   Trump lands the endorsement of Dr. Ben Carson. Conservative favorite Ben Carson, who last week suspended his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination, plans to endorse Donald Trump on Friday morning, according to two people familiar with his thinking. The endorsement, perhaps the most   nod for Trump since New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie backed him, was finalized Thursday morning when Carson met with Trump at    the luxury club owned by the Republican   the people said. The sources requested anonymity to discuss private conversations. Friday’s announcement will also take place at the club in Palm Beach, Fla. where the onetime rivals will appear alongside one another at a news conference. Breitbart News responds to Donald Trump’s claim that Michelle Fields made up the story of being harshly grabbed at a campaign event. Breitbart News stands behind Michelle Fields. Even Donald Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson said Thursday that "someone probably did grab her," i. e. Fields, though she claimed it could not have been Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. Trump’s suggestion that Fields made up the incident Tuesday evening contradicts the evidence, including her own injuries, an account from Washington Post reporter Ben Terris, and audio recorded at the scene.  —   Breitbart CEO Larry Solov says company stands by Michelle Fields as Trump campaign dismisses allegation: pic. twitter.   —   Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) March 11, 2016,  
