Welcome to Breitbart News’s live updates of the 2016 election. Donald Trump will meet with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto today before giving a major immigration address in Arizona.  Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates. All times eastern.    —   11:45: Pobrecitas. Mainstream media, establishment Republican operatives concede Bannon won after Trump gave his "America First" immigration speech: Bannon 1, Conway 0.  —   mike murphy (@murphymike) September 1, 2016,  Stephen Bannon won,  —   Chris Cillizza (@TheFix) September 1, 2016,    &gt Conway https:  .   —   Alex   (@aseitzwald) September 1, 2016,    11:25: Could there be some type of   effect among minority and suburban voters? That’s the $1 million question: Wager made on @CNN bw davidaxelrod @CLewandowski_ on if Trump will do better than Romney with black vote. @davidaxelrod took the under 6%  —   Domenico Montanaro (@DomenicoNPR) September 1, 2016,  11:20: Coulter makes a good point. No other presidential candidate would ever ask the Angel Moms on stage. Parents of children killed by illegal immigrants.  —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 1, 2016,  11:15: Team Clinton warns "Trump could actually be our next president. "   How many foreign tests has she failed throughout her career? Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn’t as easy as it looks.    —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 1, 2016,  10:45: Trump says this is an "incredible movement" and "we’re going to take our country back. " Trump says "you should start looking" at what’s been happening at the polls. He says "together, we can save America itself. " He asks voters to "join me in this mission. We’re going to make America great again. " 10:42: Trump says now is the time for everyone to band together to deliver "justice, safety, and security" for all Americans. "Let’s secure our border," he says. "Let’s stop the drugs and the crime from pouring into our country. Let’s protect our Social Security and Medicare. " 10:35: Trump asks all of the "Angel Moms" to join him on stage and tell the stories of their children who were murdered by illegal immigrants: Donald Trump with "Angel Moms" who lost their children to illegal immigrants. 👼🏻👼🏼👼🏽👼🏾👼🏿 #TrumpAZ pic. twitter.   —   PhDCandidacyStatus (@PhDexpected2017) September 1, 2016,  Trump now hugging "Angel Moms" who lost children to illegal immigrants pic. twitter.   —   Chris McCrory (@ckm_news) September 1, 2016,  "Angel Moms" now standing with #Trump. Naming children or spouses one by one, killed by illegal aliens #TrumpAZ pic. twitter.   —   Mike Valerio (@MikeNBC12) September 1, 2016,    10:33: Trump demands the media begin asking Clinton about how her immigration plan will impact America’s security. "We deserve answers from Hillary Clinton," Trump says. He says Clinton didn’t go to Louisiana or Mexico. He says Clinton doesn’t have the "strength or stamina to make America great again. Believe me. " He says what we do know, despite the lack of media curiosity, is that Clinton promises a "radical amnesty" combined with a "radical reduction in immigration enforcement. " He says the result will be millions of more illegal immigrants and thousands of more violent, horrible crime combined with "total chaos. " Trump says his plan is "our last chance to secure the border, stop illegal immigration, and reform our laws to make your life better. " 10:25: Trump says "nobody owns Trump" and he will get this done because he is not owned by the special interests. "We will accomplish all the steps outlined above. And when we do, peace and law and justice and prosperity will prevail. Crime will go down. Border crossings will plummet. Gangs will disappear  …     and welfare use will decrease. " He says we will have a "peace dividend" that we can use to rebuild America’s inner cities. Trump says for those here illegally today who are seeking legal status, they will have one route only —  to return home and apply like everyone else. He says those who have left to seek entry will "not be awarded surplus visas" and will have to apply for entry under the immigration   that will be applied in the future. He vows to "break the cycle of amnesty. " "There will be no amnesty," he says. Trump says "our  message to the world will be  …     you cannot obtain legal status or obtain citizenship  …     by illegally entering the country. " Trump also vows to build a great wall in "record time" and at a "reasonable cost. " Trump says only then can the discussion take place about what to do about illegal immigrants who are already here and have not left. He says, "right now, we are in the middle of a jobs crisis, a border crisis, and a terrorism crisis like never before  …    " He says all of the energy of the federal government should be focused on "immigration security. " 10:20: Trump vows to reform immigration laws to protect American workers. He vows to bring jobs back home because we have the most incompetent trade deals that are hurting Americans. He says if companies want to leave Arizona and other states, "there’s going to be a lot of trouble for them  …     it’s not going to be so easy  …    . there will be consequences. " He says there needs to be a commission to keep our immigration levels within historical norms and select immigrants on their likelihood of success in the U. S. and their ability to be financially  . Trump says the immigration system needs to ensure that available jobs are given to Americans first, including   and Latinos who are being left out unfairly. He says Clinton will do nothing for these communities. Trump says Clinton will just say "so long, see you later in four years" to minorities after November. He wants a sunset of our visa laws so Congress is forced to revise the laws. 10:18: Trump vows to turn off the jobs and benefit magnet that attracts illegal immigrants. He says immigration law exists to protect "all aspects of American life" including work sites and education. He says if we only enforce the laws against crime, then we have an open border to the entire world. "We will enforce all of our immigration laws," he says. Trump says the same goes for government benefits. He says illegal immigrants who abuse our welfare system will be priorities for removal. 10:17: Trump says we’ll finally complete the biometric   visa tracking. He says it has never been completed because politicians are "all talk" and "no action. " He says with Clinton, whenever there is action, it’s always the wrong action. Trump says removing visa overstays will be a top priority of his administration. He says if people believe they can just come on a temporary visa and never leave —  he says that’s the   policy —  then we will have a completely open border and "we will no longer have a country. " 10:14: Trump says he’ll ensure countries take their people back when the U. S. deports them. He says there are "probable a couple" of dangerous illegal immigrants in the crowd but "I hope not. " 10:08: Trump vows to suspend the issuance of visas to any country where adequate screening cannot occur. Trump vows to stop the tens of thousands of people coming in from Syria. He says for the price of resettling one refugee, 12 can be resettled in a "safe zone in their home region. " He says we’ll get the money from the gulf states. Trump speaks about "extreme vetting" and an "ideological certification test" to make sure people we are admitting love our values and people. 10:07: Trump again says Clinton’s amnesty agenda will "create a Constitutional crisis like no other. " He says his administration will enforce all immigration laws and "we will set priorities. But unlike this administration" nobody will be "immune  …     from enforcement. " He says "anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subjected to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and a country. Otherwise, we don’t have a country. " He says his enforcement priorities will include removing criminals, security threats, gang members, public charges and visa overstays. 10:05: Trump —  cancel unconstitutional executive orders and enforce all immigration laws. "We will immediately terminate President Obama’s two illegal executive amnesties," Trump says. 10:04: TRUMP —  BLOCK FUNDING FOR SANCTUARY CITIES. He says he will end sanctuary cities that have resulted in so much death. He says cities that do not cooperate will not receive federal tax dollars. 10:03: Trump says 5, 000 more Border Patrol agents. He says getting their endorsement means "so much to me. More to me than I can say. Means so much. First time they’ve ever endorsed a presidential candidate. " 9:55: The third part of Trump’s plan —  "zero tolerance for criminal aliens. " Trump says the police don’t get the credit they deserve. He says these criminal aliens mock the police because the police know who they are but can’t do anything about them right now under the Obama administration. And Trump says on day one, "those people are gone. " He vows to terminate the Obama administration’s "deadly" policy of allowing criminal illegal immigrants to go free. He also vows to reinstate the "secure communities"program. Trump says he’ll ask Congress to pass "Kate’s law" on the first day in office. He says the Obama administration has released at least 300, 000 criminal illegal aliens back onto the streets. Trump vows to triple the number of ICE deportation officers. He says he will create a new "deportation task force" that will identify and focus on removing the most dangerous criminal aliens in America "just like Hillary Clinton has evaded justice. " "Maybe they’ll be able to deport her," Trump jokes. 9:54: Trump vows to end "catch and release. " He says anyone who illegally crosses the border will be "detained" until they are sent back to the country from which they came. 9:51: Trump says he formulated his plan after speaking with law enforcement officers and those impacted by illegal immigration while Clinton only speaks to donors. He says the first tenet is "we will build a wall along the southern border. " He adds and doubles down, "And Mexico will pay for the wall. 100%. They don’t know it yet, but they’re going to pay for the wall. " He says on day one, he will be working on an "impenetrable" and "tall" and "beautiful" wall that will have "above and below ground sensors. " Trump insists Mexico will work with the United States and he believes they want to solve the problem. 9:50: Trump:   guilty of "gross dereliction of duty" for supporting open borders. He says Clinton is for sanctuary cities, visa overstays, "catch and release" of criminals and unconstitutional executive amnesty. He says she also favor illegal immigrants depressing the wages of   looking for jobs. 9:45: Trump says the government has no clue how many illegal immigrants are in the country and anybody who tells you the biggest priority should be the "11 million illegal immigrants who do not have legal status" has been in Washington for too long. Trump says the sole interest of America’s immigration laws should be for the   of Americans. 9:42: Trump says we could provide a million   children with vouchers with the money the country is spending on illegal immigrants. He says "most illegal immigrants are lower skilled workers" with lesser education who compete with vulnerable Americans. He says illegal immigrants draw much more from the system than they can pay back. And they are hurting American who are having trouble finding jobs. He says these facts are never reported and the media and Hillary Clinton only want to discuss the needs of people who are here illegally. Trump points out that in many cases, they are treated better than our vets. "Not going to happen anymore," he says. 9:40: Trump now talking about the Sarah Root tragedy. He now tells the tragic tale of Grant Ronnebeck’s death. He mentions Kate Steinle, whom an illegal immigrant who was deported five previous times gunned down in the sanctuary city of San Francisco. Trump talks about the    man who was beaten to death by illegal immigrants. He mentions the California veteran who was raped and then hammered to death by illegal immigrants. 9:36: Trump says not all immigrants want to assimilate and it’s our right as a sovereign country to select immigrants who want to assimilate and will thrive and "love us. " Trump also talks about how enforcing the country’s immigration laws is also a security issue. He talks about the parents he has met who have lost children because of sanctuary cities. He says countless lives would have been saved had it not been for Obama’s open borders policies. 9:35: Trump says the fundamental problem with our immigration laws is that it doesn’t serve the American people and instead serve politicians and wealthy special interests. He says when politicians talk about "immigration reform," they mean "amnesty" and "open borders" and "lower wages. " He says "immigration reform" should mean an improvement in policies to make life better for American citizens. Trump says we have to listen to working people and the concerns they have re: illegal immigration. 9:33: Trump says he likes and respects Pena Nieto and Pena Nieto truly loves his country like Trump loves his country. Trump says they discussed putting cartels out of business and the great love Trump has for the people of Mexico. He says it was a "thoughtful and substantive conversation. " He says in the end, both countries will win. He says in a Trump administration, we’re going to go about creating a "new relationship between our two countries. " He says it’s going to be a "fair relationship. " Trump says to fix our immigration system, we must change our leadership in Washington, D. C. Trump blasts the media for not reporting on the facts of illegal immigration. He says the special interests spend millions covering it up because they are making a fortune. He says Americans will get the truth today from his speech.  Trump "It was a thoughtful and substantive conversation and it will go on for a while and in the end we’re all going to win, both countries"  —   Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) September 1, 2016,  9:32: Trump says he’s glad to be back in Arizona, the state that has a "special place in my heart. " Trump says "this is where it all began for me. " Trump says this won’t be a "rally speech, per se" but a "detailed policy" speech on one of the biggest issues facing our country today —  illegal immigration. 9:31: Trump takes the stage. Crowd chanting "  !"   !" 9:26: Mike Pence now addressing the crowd. He will be introducing Trump after his remarks. 9:21: Sen. Sessions ( ) talks about a majority of Americans believe the country is on the wrong track. He wonders if Hillary Clinton even knows that the country is on the wrong track. He promises Trump will unveil the best law enforcement plan in perhaps the history of the country. He says Americans will be proud of Trump’s plan and officials have not done what needs to be done to secure the country. Sessions says this may be the "last chance we have to restore a lawful system of immigration that serves the national interest. " 9:13: At Trump’s Arizona event, Rudy Giuliani puts on a "Make Mexico Great Again also" hat and says that Trump made it clear that he respects the contributions   have made to the United States while making it clear that "illegal immigration hurts both countries. " Rudy says "Donald Trump will secure our borders and Hillary Clinton will not. It’s as simple as that. Donald Trump will build a wall. She’ll open our borders even more. " He says Clinton has the "nerve" to say Republicans are waging a war on women when the biggest "war on women" is going on in countries that donated to her foundation. Rudy Giuliani speaks before Donald Trump’s #Immigration address  —   LIVE on   https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CSPAN (@cspan) September 1, 2016,  9:00: On CNN, Mike Pence says there will be a strong "reaffirmation" of Trump’s commitment to combat illegal immigration in his Arizona speech. He says at the end of this speech, people are going to see that we finally have a chance to elect a leader who will deal forthrightly with enforcing the country’s immigration laws and dealing with illegal immigration’s economic impact on Americans —  U. S.  and legal immigrants —  of all backgrounds. 8:05: Venue filling up ahead of Trump’s speech: We’re at the Phoenix Convention Center for @realDonaldTrump’s #immigration speech. Be sure to listen live at 6 p. m. pic. twitter.   —   KTAR News (@KTAR923) September 1, 2016,  7:50:   dancers, Mexican flags outside of Trump’s Arizona rally: Dancers at #Trump rally pic. twitter.   —   ProgressNow Arizona (@ProgressNowAZ) August 31, 2016,  Trump supporters and protesters yell at each other outside the Phoenix Convention Center where Trump will speak pic. twitter.   —   12 News (@12News) August 31, 2016,  7:30: Trump campaign’s statement on   Nieto meeting: Today was the first part of the discussion and a relationship builder between Mr. Trump and President Peña Nieto. It was not a negotiation, and that would have been inappropriate. It is unsurprising that they hold two different views on this issue, and we look forward to continuing the conversation. 6:55: Pena Nieto claims he told Trump Mexico would not pay for the wall at the start of the meeting. But he didn’t correct Trump when Trump said that payment was not discussed at his press conference. Al inicio de la conversación con Donald Trump dejé claro que México no pagará por el muro.  —   Enrique Peña Nieto (@EPN) August 31, 2016,  6:40: Trump trails Clinton by only two points in new national poll. State polls usually take a few weeks to catch up to national polls.   6:35: Mainstream media Trump critics even conceding Trump looked very "presidential. " We’ll see how Trump acts in Arizona soon. But that   thing was very presidential looking.  —   Hadas Gold (@Hadas_Gold) August 31, 2016,  6:30: Lost in translation? Trump insists payment was not discussed. Reuters: A spokesman for Peña says that Peña told Trump that Mexico would not pay for Trump’s border wall. (  @TCavin)  —   Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) August 31, 2016,  5:34: Media also lowered bar for George W. Bush, and he hurdled it with ease: Mexico meeting also a warning for Clinton on debates: Trump can benefit from low expectations.  —   Jim Antle (@jimantle) August 31, 2016,  5:15: Ramos: Pena Nieto was not ready for Trump: Peña Nieto was not ready for Trump. Couldn’t get an apology or any change on immigration and Trump still wants Mexico to pay for the wall,  —   JORGE RAMOS (@jorgeramosnews) August 31, 2016,  What a weak and shy response by Mexican president @epn. Trump leaves without giving an apology  won’t change at all his immigration plan,  —   JORGE RAMOS (@jorgeramosnews) August 31, 2016,  4:45: On CNN, former Mexican President Felipe Calderon accuses Trump of lying and says he would have demanded an apology from him before meeting him. 4:33: Pena Nieto says the Mexican people have been "hurt" by Trump’s comments. 4:31: Trump says "we didn’t discuss who pays for the wall. " Trump says "we did discuss the wall but we didn’t discuss payment for the wall. " He says this was a "preliminary meeting. " Trump says a lot of things he said were "strong" but he had to say them. Trump says "illegal immigration is a problem for Mexico as well as for us. " He says "it’s not a   street. " He says we will work together and get those problems solved. . @realDonaldTrump: "We did discuss the wall, we didn’t discuss payment of the wall." https:  .  https:  .   —   Good Morning America (@GMA) August 31, 2016,  4:30: Trump is taking questions from reporters. He says "we had a tremendous  …     more than an hour" meeting. Trump says he wants what is good for the United States and Pena Nieto wants what’s good for Mexico. 4:28: Trump says the "bond between our two countries is deep and sincere and both countries benefit from" an honest relationship. He says a prosperous Mexico is in the interests in the United States. Trump says "both of our countries will work for the mutual good and for the mutual good of our people. " He says calls Pena Nieto a "friend. " 4:25: Trump says he shared his belief that NAFTA has benefited Mexico more than the United States. He said workers in both countries need to benefit from "fair and reciprocal" trade. He said he told Pena Nieto that action needs to be taken to stem the tremendous outflow of jobs from the United States. He says prosperity and happiness will increase if the two countries work together on five shared goals: 1) ending illegal immigration 2) having a secure border (he says it is a sovereign right and a physical barrier can be built to stop the flow of illegal weapons and drugs) 3) dismantling drug cartels and ending the movement of weapons and funds across the border 4) improving NAFTA (he says it is a    agreement that must be updated to "reflect the realities of today"  …    . Trump says industry must be kept in "our hemisphere"  …     he says workers in both countries need "a pay raise") 5) keep manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere. 4:21: Trump says it is a "great honor" to be invited by Pena Nieto. He says "we had a very substantive, direct, and constructive exchange of ideas" over "quite a period of time. " He says he was "straightforward" in discussing the impact of trade and immigration on the United States. He says he loves the United States and how the people of the United States need to be protected. Trump says Pena Nieto expressed his love of the Mexican people. Trump says the two nations are united by a common border, their support for democracy and the contributions of millions of Mexicans to the United States. Trump says   are "amazing people. " He says he is proud to employ many people of Mexican descent. Trump says nobody wins when human traffickers prey on innocent people and cartels terrorize communities and migrants from Central America make the "dangerous trek" to Mexico or the United States without legal authorization. 4:15: Pena Nieto says the border must "transform itself" to become an "asset" for the region. He speaks about illegal immigrants and drugs crossing across the border. He claims illegal immigrant crossing have slowed down. He speaks about " " that cross his country’s borders to go to the U. S. He says the next President of the U. S. can count on the "integrity" of the Mexican government to work constructively with the United States. He says his priority is to "protect Mexicans wherever they may be. " He says Mexicans in the United States "deserve" everybody’s respect. 4:12: Sen. Sessions ( ) and Trump’s top policy adviser and former top Sessions aide Miller reportedly in front row: MEXICO CITY  —   JARED, RUDY, AND SEN. SESSIONS sitting in the front row with the translators. Hope, Stephen Miller also here.  —   Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) August 31, 2016,  4:08: Pena Nieto says he is sure there will be "great opportunities" for both countries if the relationship is based on "mutual respect" even though "we may not agree on everything. " He speaks about clearing up "misunderstandings. " He says he sent both Clinton and Trump a letter a few days ago about having a constructive meeting. He says he hopes to meet with Clinton in the near future. He is now speaking about the importance of commerce between Mexico and the United States. He says he doesn’t think commerce should be seen as a "  game. " He speaks about making the North American region the most competitive and innovative in the world. 4:05: Trump and Pena Nieto arrive at their podiums. 3:50: Clinton’s unfavorable numbers keep climbing:   poll shows Clinton’s unpopularity reaching new high, putting her on par with Trump: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   This Week (@ThisWeekABC) August 31, 2016,  3:40: No American flag, only Mexican flag. I guess because Trump is not a head of state or U. S. official? https:  .   —   Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) August 31, 2016,  Waiting on @realDonaldTrump and @EPN in Los Pinos pic. twitter.   —   Chris Sherman (@chrisshermanAP) August 31, 2016,  3:20: Podiums being set up for Trump and Pena Nieto. Two podiums. Does this mean separate statements? pic. twitter.   —   Azam Ahmed (@azamsahmed) August 31, 2016,  3:10: Scene in Mexico City: MEXICO CITY  —   There are probably 75 int’l press people here. pic. twitter.   —   Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) August 31, 2016,  MEXICO CITY  —   They are letting the camera ppl in and now journalists.  —   Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) August 31, 2016,    3:05: Pence in Florida: Pence in Sarasota, FL: "Donald Trump is doing what leaders do, while Hillary Clinton has been in hiding"  —   Ines de La Cuetara (@InesdLC) August 31, 2016,  3:00: Pena Nieto’s office reportedly did not want any questions: Am told by campaign sources that they deferred to Nieto’s office on whether to take questions. CM @KellyannePolls had encouraged open press.  —   Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) August 31, 2016,  2:55: Messrs. Trump and Pena Nieto to make statements around 3:30 PM ET: . @realDonaldTrump remarks in Mexico will begin around 3: :45p ET and he will not take questions, according to a campaign source,  —   Noah Gray CNN (@NoahGrayCNN) August 31, 2016,  2:40: Trump touches down in Mexico and will reportedy helicopter to his meeting with Pena Nieto. Via reports in Mexico City @realDonaldTrump has arrived (no traveling #Trump press). Per @nytimes #Trump will helicopter to event,  —   Major Garrett (@MajorCBS) August 31, 2016,  2:20: More protesters expected in Mexico: Protest at the Angel of Independence in Mexico City against Trump’s visit #TrumpEnMexico #TrumpNotWelcome pic. twitter.   —   martha pskowski (@psskow) August 31, 2016,  2:10: Trump and Pena Nieto will reportedly meet for about 90 minutes: Trump  Peña Nieto to meet for about 90 minutes between 2p and 4p local time  —  Reforma https:  .  via @lmechegaray (correx times,  —   Tom McCarthy (@TeeMcSee) August 31, 2016,  2:05: Will Trump take questions after his meeting? Trump now not expected to take questions in Mexico, despite his campaign manager insisting this morning he would.  —   Steve Peoples (@sppeoples) August 31, 2016,    Flashback:  Not only did Pena Nieto liken Trump to Hitler and Mussolini, he also declared the United States of America "the other Mexico" and demanded "justice" for illegal immigrants in the United States.
