Welcome to Breitbart News’s live updates of the 2016 election. Donald Trump lays out his economic vision in New York while Hillary Clinton returns to the campaign trail in North Carolina.  All times eastern.  —   10:20: Trump on Fallon: Trump lets Jimmy Fallon mess up his hair https:  .  https:  .   —   CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 16, 2016,  10:10: Has anything good happened after the Washington Post interviews Trump? And yet (Is Trump’s favorite football player DeSean Jackson?)  …     And Trump’s campaign forced to release this statement that will bigfoot his economic message and all of the negative headlines about Clinton: "Hillary Clinton’s campaign first raised this issue to smear   Barack Obama in her very nasty, failed 2008 campaign for President. This type of vicious and conniving behavior is straight from the Clinton Playbook. As usual, however, Hillary Clinton was too weak to get an answer. Even the MSNBC show Morning Joe admits that it was Clinton’s henchmen who first raised this issue, not Donald J. Trump. In 2011, Mr. Trump was finally able to bring this ugly incident to its conclusion by successfully compelling President Obama to release his birth certificate. Mr. Trump did a great service to the President and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised. Inarguably, Donald J. Trump is a closer. Having successfully obtained President Obama’s birth certificate when others could not, Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the United States. Mr. Trump is now totally focused on bringing jobs back to America, defeating radical Islamic terrorism, taking care of our veterans, introducing school choice opportunities and rebuilding and making our inner cities safe again. " 10:08: . @HillaryClinton  @POTUS visited for about 15 minutes this evening in DC before her remarks at Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala,  —   Kylie Atwood (@kylieatwood) September 16, 2016,  9:05: Clinton is blasting what she says are Trump’s "racist" attacks against minorities. She says we need to "stop him conclusively in November" in an election that "sends a message that even he can hear. " 8:59: Clinton keeps talking about defending those who have received Obama’s executive amnesty. Even when she is talking about this   issue, the audience does not seem that enthusiastic, at least now as much as they were for Obama. 8:57: Clinton again promises amnesty legislation within the first 100 days if she gets elected. She says it will "keep families together" and include a "path to citizenship" for illegals. 8:53: Clinton says during Hispanic heritage month, students will study Dolores Huerta and Julian and Joaquin Castro. She also mentions Laurie Hernandez and Roberto Clemente. She also speaks about   and those whose families have been here "before the United States even existed. " Clinton says "you’re not strangers" and "intruders" 8:47: Clinton says it’s so great to see "young people" at the gala. She desperately needs young minority voters who are not enthusiastic about her candidacy. She says we’re at a "pivotal moment" in the nation’s history for Latinos. She slams Trump’s "outlandish" and "offensive" comments. She says Obama is a tough act to follow in "more ways than one. " Clinton has now been at the CHCI gala venue for about 10 minutes. Obama is also still here. Likely they will cross paths.  —   Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) September 16, 2016,  8:43: Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) introducing Hillary Clinton at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala. She slams Trump as someone who as "ignorantly" and "recklessly attacked our community. " She accuses Trump of "spurring" kids to attack Latino students even though no scientific study has proven this. 8:33: Press now arrives at Trump’s event: Traveling press has arrived. It’s 8:33. He sounds like he’s wrapping up.  —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) September 16, 2016,  8:30: Trump says Mexico will be "happy to pay for the wall" after it is "properly explained" to them. . @realDonaldTrump delivering speech in Laconia, New Hampshire right now. Where is ALL started! !!! #MAGA🇺🇸 pic. twitter.   —   Daniel Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) September 16, 2016,  8:17: Trump says we have to replace the current policy of "globalism" with a "new policy of Americanism" to fix all of the country’s ills. He again says he’s running to be the president of the United States of America and not the president of the world. He speaks about his plans to reduce poverty for   and Hispanic communities. He tells the Hispanic community that he will protect their jobs, build up their schools, and give them safety, which also means protecting them from radical Islamic terrorism. He says it’s time to rebuild our inner cities before we allow refugees from all over the world from entering. 8:12: Trump says while Clinton slanders Americans as "deplorables," he calls them   American people who love their country and families. He is citing Bernie Sanders’s comments about Clinton’s "bad judgment" and slams her for not taking responsibility for the rise of ISIS. 8:06: In New Hampshire, Trump says he has some "good news. " He says the press is stuck on an airplane and will be about 30 minutes late. He says they asked if he could wait and he said he wouldn’t. "Let’s get going," Trump says. He cites his good poll numbers, which can decline just as quickly if decides to say random things that distract from his message, and says he was right about how companies like Ford are leaving the United States. Trump says his support comes from all regions and from all walks of life and he’s running to be president of all Americans. 8:03: Obama denouncing the politics of "anger" and "vitriol" without mentioning Trump. He says some are talking about what the "real America looks like" and "it only includes a few of  us. " "Who’s going to decide what the real America is?" he asks. Obama says we can’t let that brand of politics win. Sarah Palin still in his head: President Obama jokes about gray hair and Sarah Palin https:  .  https:  .   —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala. He says he’s more optimistic about the future of America than he’s ever been. He’s now listing —  and defending —  his "accomplishments. " He says we have to make "effective immigration reform" a reality and says he’s "proud" of his executive amnesty program. 7:37: Packed crowd waiting for Trump in New Hampshire.  7:35: President en route convention ctr. for Congressional Hispanic Caucus awards gala speculation as to whether he’ll run into Clinton,  —   West Wing Reports (@WestWingReport) September 15, 2016,  6:55: Clinton campaign using tactics that shady porn companies use to steal money from its poorest donors. Reportedly to try to inflate the number of   donations the campaign can report. Deplorable!   6:45: Kasich desperate to be adored by the elites —  just like his campaign staffers. Among those heading to the White House tomorrow to talk trade tomorrow: @JohnKasich pic. twitter.   —   Phil Mattingly (@Phil_Mattingly) September 15, 2016,  Full @JohnKasich statement: pic. twitter.   —   Erica R. Brown (@EricaRBrown) September 15, 2016,    6:02: Fox News poll also finds race is tied. Interesting findings:  —   Independents prefer Trump over Clinton by   percent, while 16 percent go for Johnson and 7 percent Stein. Eighty percent of Republicans back Trump, and 81 percent of Democrats support Clinton.  —   "Angry" voters prefer Trump over Clinton (by 54 points)  —   Fewer Democrats (77 percent) than Republicans (86 percent) are "extremely" or "very" interested in the presidential election right now. BREAKING: Crooked Hillary’s poll numbers hammered even harder than her phones! #MAGA #TrumpPence16,  —   Sarah Huckabee (@SarahHuckabee) September 15, 2016,  5:45: Clinton campaign knows they have a huge problem with millennials. It was evident during the primary season as well when millennial women were not enthusiastic about her "historic" candidacy.   Clinton camp announces Monday speech in Philadelphia aimed at reaching out to millennials #snakepeople pic. twitter.   —   Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) September 15, 2016,  5:25: But  …     Trump up four in Colorado and gaining in other "blue" states like Virginia and Maine. Reality check. Even if Trump wins every swing state where he’s now tied or ahead (NC OH FL IA NV) he still loses. pic. twitter.   —   Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) September 15, 2016,    4:32: And that’s it, folks  …     so Clinton can say she went through the motions of having a press conference. NO questions on the Clinton Foundation. 4:30: Clinton claims she thought she was going to be "fine" and there wasn’t any reason to "make a big fuss about it. " Clinton blaming her staff for not informing the press? She’s the one who said "I’m feeling great" when she clearly wasn’t,  —   Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) September 15, 2016,  4:27: Clinton asked when she informed Kaine about her pneumonia. She says "her senior staff knew" and "information was provided to a number of people. " Did she tell Kaine? Not clear as always from her legalese answer. Another Clintonian answer that makes people dislike her so much. Clinton didn’t directly answer Q of when her running mate Tim Kaine was informed that she had been diagnosed with pneumonia,  —   Veronica Strac (@VeronicaStrac) September 15, 2016,  4:25: Clinton is being asked about process and Syria so far. A convenient question about foreign policy. 4:20: Clinton is actually holding a press conference in North Carolina. She slams Trump for calling the pastor who interrupted his speech in Flint a "nervous mess. " [Again, Trump giving Clinton plenty of ammunition with unforced errors.] 3:50: Clinton says this will be the "most consequential vote of our lifetime. " She promises to close her campaign the way she began her career by focusing on opportunities for kids and fairness for families. Clinton says, "like a lot of women," she has a "tendency to  . " She says she won’t be the "showman" that Trump is. She is also   Michelle Obama and citing her speech at the Dem. convention. 3:48: Protester at Hillary’s event. Protester who interrupted Clinton being escorted out of event (crowd chanted "Hillary! Hillary! to drown him out) pic. twitter.   —   Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) September 15, 2016,  3:47: Clinton trying her best to make the argument that her illness helped her find her "voice" a la the New Hampshire primary in 2008. 3:45: Ivanka firing back at Cosmopolitan:  : Politics aside, I’m working to raise awareness on issues that are of critical importance to American women and families.  —   Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) September 15, 2016,   :Regardless of who you support, policies benefiting women+families are becoming topics of mainstream conversation  that’s a good thing.  —   Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) September 15, 2016,   :@Cosmopolitan, your readers do  should care about issues impacting women  children. Keep the focus where it belongs —  advocating change.  —   Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) September 15, 2016,  3:42: Clinton says too many Americans feel like they are "on your own. " Clinton says that goes against everything we stand for as Americans. 3:38: Clinton takes the stage in North Carolina. Clinton comes out on the stage to  …     Wait for it  …     "I feel good"  —   Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) September 15, 2016,  YIKES: Oy: @betsy_klein notes James Brown died of congestive heart failure related to pneumonia in 2006. https:  .   —   Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) September 15, 2016,  She says it’s "great to be back on the campaign trail. " Clinton says she recently had a "cough that turned out to be pneumonia. " She says she tried to "power through it" and decided a "few days of rest" would be good, uttering the same talking points her surrogates have been saying. She said having a few days to herself was actually a gift. She says the campaign trail doesn’t encourage "reflection" and being at home helped her "reconnect" with what the campaign is about. She says when people like her are under the weather, she can take a few days off but millions of Americans cannot. She is now speaking about insurance that is "too expensive" for them to actually use. [Wasn’t Obamacare supposed to take care of that?] [Trump is speaking to voters to "connect. "] 3:30: Trump within margin of error in MICHIGAN poll. Majority of voters in Michigan OPPOSE admitting more Syrian refugees. 3:25: Strange, indeed: Strange bedfellows protesting outside of Clinton’s Greensboro rally pic. twitter.   —   Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) September 15, 2016,  2:20: Shady  Slick: Clinton Foundation reportedly will not release donors who donate to Bill Clinton’s birthday bash: Actually, @ClintonFdn now telling me they WILL NOT release names of donors who gave   this bash, contra @DonnaShalala suggestion.    —   Kenneth P. Vogel (@kenvogel) September 15, 2016,  Instead, @ClintonFdn after end of Oct. will disclose all donors who gave in 3rd Q, so it’ll be impossible to know who gave for this bash    —   Kenneth P. Vogel (@kenvogel) September 15, 2016,  1:50: Clinton’s spokesman Brian Fallon will not dispute that the race is "tightening" on CNN and claims that this is the race that they expected all along. 1:30: Seems like Clinton world may be surprised by Trump’s surge: Tim Kaine on state of race: "Our path is a more straightforward path  …    [but] this has been a season of surprises."  —   Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) September 15, 2016,  1:13: Clinton, on her campaign plane, tells reporters she is doing great and will hold a "press avail. " today [what happened to the four corners offense to run out the clock? ]. 1:05: Trump pulling away in Iowa:  BREAKING:  IOWA, DJT 45 (was 44 in July) HRC 37 (down from 42) GJ 8 (6) JS 2 (1)#IASen Grassley 56Judge 39https:  .   —   MonmouthPoll (@MonmouthPoll) September 15, 2016,  12:53: Trump is asked about the Fed, and he says it is being "controlled politically" and it won’t raise interests rates until the end of the year.  He says the Fed will go with the "political decision" over the "right decision" every time. 12:52: Trump says HR Block will be "disaster" after his tax simplification plan is enacted. But he says most other industries will do well like the energy industry. He says we have to get back to rebuilding the country’s infrastructure. 12:51: Transcript of Trump’s speech:   12:50: This is what should have been the   message: . @DonaldJTrumpJr tells @CBSPhilly  "Media Is @HillaryClinton ’s Number One Surrogate"https:  .   —   Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) September 15, 2016,  Trump’s campaign must stop turning the ball right back over after it gets a turnover in the red zone and avoid giving the   allies any opportunities to shift the media cycle away from Clinton’s issues. The more Clinton is in the news, the better Trump’s poll numbers get, as last week showed.   I am fairly certain DJT Jr. "warming up the gas chamber" comment was probably unintentional, but not best optics https:  .   —   Alana Abramson (@aabramson) September 15, 2016,  When Hillary Clinton retweets an independent candidate who is MAYBE on ballot in 20% of states pic. twitter.   —   Alana Abramson (@aabramson) September 15, 2016,  . @ADL_National calls on @DonaldJTrumpJr to retract gas chamber comments. Says he is trivializing the Holocaust pic. twitter.   —   Alana Abramson (@aabramson) September 15, 2016,    12:47: Trump, speaking about the Supreme Court and other issues, says this election is "so important" and may be the last chance to turn things around to prevent the country from becoming a "large scale Venezuela. " 12:42: Trump slams Clinton for not fulfilling her promise to bring jobs back to New York when she ran for Senate. 12:40: Trump says there is no scenario under which he would default on the U. S. debt, which he says is "absolutely sacred. " Trump says there’s no scenario in which he would allow the US to default on its debt. Calls it "sacred.  —   Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) September 15, 2016,  12:37: Trump asked about offsets, and he says that his plan will work out over time. He says the big things re: neutrality is the amount of revenue his plan will generate and the companies that will not leave the country. Trump pivots to companies like Ford leaving the country because taxes are so high and suffocating regulations. He also talks about cutting budgetary costs. Trump also says we need to be compensated for defending countries like Saudi Arabia. He says, "I’m sure they will be thrilled to hear that. " Trump wonders if Saudi Arabia would even exist if we didn’t defend the nation. 12:36: Trump now being interviewed after his speech. Trump talking about his 15% corporate tax rate and how much waste that needs to be cut. Trump talks about a "politically motivated" military that doesn’t buy the generals the equipment that they want and need that probably costs less than some of the wasteful spending that is being done now. 12:35: Man comes out to clear prompters off stage. "What happened with the teleprompters man?" Trump joked. "Hey he’s a little late right?"  —   Ali Vitali (@alivitali) September 15, 2016,  12:31: Media "analysts" seem hysterical about Trump’s economic plan. [Translation: They know his   will resonate with Middle America  …     the more the "experts" are agitated, the better Trump probably did.] 12:30: Trump now also gaining on Clinton in Virginia, a state that many pundits had written off. 12:26: Trump promises to only negotiate trade deals that will put American workers first. He now talks about rebuilding the country’s infrastructure. "American hands will rebuild this nation," he says, echoing what he said last night in Ohio. "American workers will be hired to do the job. " 12:25: Trump again promises that Mexico will pay for the wall. He says the wall is "peanuts" compared to our massive trade deficit with Mexico. 12:19: Trump says he will renegotiate NAFTA or terminate it until a better deal can be signed. He slams China as a "grand master" currency manipulator and vows to impose tariffs on those who manipulate their currency. Trump says just enforcing intellectual property rules will also create plenty of American jobs. Trump promises to stop the "outflow" of jobs from American and open up a "new highway" that will bring jobs back. Trump speaking about "dynamic growth models" and says his economic plan is the most   plan in the history of the country. 12:17: Trump says many of the special interests funding Clinton’s campaign favor terrible trade deals while the   "experts" advising her were in favor of disastrous deals like NAFTA. He says all of these special interests and experts have been proven wrong but the media leap at the chance to interview them regardless. Trump says our manufacturing base has crumbled and households are making less today than in 2000. 12:10: Trump slams needless and   regulations and proposes a "moratorium" on regulations that "are not compelled by Congress or public safety. " He says he will eliminate all needless and   regulations on the books, "and there are plenty of them. " He speaks of various environmental regulations that will shut down   plants. Trump reminds the audience that Clinton wants to shut down miners and steel workers and "we’re not going to let it happen. " "I know that’s what you people have been waiting for"  —   Trump, to applauding CEOs, upon announcing his corp tax rate cut from 35% to 15%.  —   Carl Quintanilla (@carlquintanilla) September 15, 2016,  12:01: Trump says "just look at the math, it works. " He says his economic plan will result in 3. 5% annual growth. He is now speaking about his bold tax reform plan that will exempt millions from paying taxes until they start to earn enough to do so. His plan, he says, will offer tax relief to   Americans along with his childcare plan. Trump says people earning $5 million, "like the people in this room," won’t see their taxes change that much and won’t get much of a break. Trump says under his plan, people making, for example, $5 million  —   like the people in this room  —   don’t get a new income tax break (1)  —   Celeste Katz (@CelesteKatzNYC) September 15, 2016,  He promises an "explosion" of growth and vows that wealth that is parked overseas will also be brought back under his plan. "We’ll bring it back and it will only be taxed at the rate of 10% instead of 35%," he says. "It’s going to be something that will be so phenomenal  …     far beyond what people even think. " Trump says his tax plan will favor the middle class that built this country "and we will not forget. "   11:58: Trump says the   people Clinton calls "deplorables" are the "most admirable people" he knows, including cops, teachers, blacks, whites, Latinos. He says, above all, they are Americans who love their families and country and want a better future. He says "these are the forgotten men and women"  of this country who don’t have a voice. "I’m running to be their voice," he says. 11:56: Trump says only donors will prosper under Clinton because she doesn’t have ideas that will create American jobs. He says the only thing Clinton’s plan can offer "is a welfare check, that’s it. " 11:55: Trump says that instead of driving jobs and wealth away, America will be a great magnet for jobs. He says Clinton rejects this optimism and offers more taxes, regulation, and wealth redistribution that will lead to a future of slow growth, declining income, and dwindling opportunities. 11:54: Trump is now praising himself for being able to read from a TelePrompter "Who else could pull that off?"  —   Leigh Ann Caldwell (@LACaldwellDC) September 15, 2016,  [Bill Clinton gave part of his State of the Union address when the wrong speech was loaded in Teleprompter. Trump needs to stop making    comments that can make him seem ridiculous. Last night, he said he’s working harder so he doesn’t feel sorry for Americans who are working harder and earning less. Another stupid    comment that only gives more ammunition to his opponents.] Trump re dealing with Teleprompter issues: "who else could have pulled that off?" Answer: Bill Clinton 1993 speech https:  .   —   Chris Donovan (@chrisdonovan) September 15, 2016,  11:53: Trump says everything that is broken today can be fixed. 11:52: Trump says his economic plan rejects the "cynicism" that says our labor force will keep declining and the pessimism that says our "standard of living can no longer rise. " Trump says today’s economy is one of "no growth and redistribution of wealth. And that’s not going to work. " 11:50: At the Economic Club in New York, Trump first cites his great poll numbers that have clearly put him in a great mood. Trump speaks to the "silent nation of jobless Americans" and says it’s "disgraceful" that politicians allow companies like Ford get away with moving all of its production of small cars to Mexico.
