During a campaign rally Wednesday in Lake Worth Florida, Hillary Clinton needed help climbing one step onto a platform.  According to footage captured by HillBroYo and Paul Joseph Watson from Prison Planet, Clinton was given a helping hand as she climbed onto the riser to address an overflow crowd that was unable to get into her rally. According to American Mirror, "Clinton was outside to greet supporters in Lake Worth when she attempted to stand on a small riser. She needed assistance to get onto it as she could be seen reaching her hand out for a boost or some added steadiness. An aide extended his hand and Clinton held on tightly as she made her way up the 18 inches. He could be seen standing behind her and at one point reached out to grab her waist, perhaps thinking she was about to fall. " Hillary heads over to the overflow area to say hello to the crowd in Lake Worth, Florida. But ya know, no enthusiasm there. 🙄 pic. twitter.   —   (⌐■_■)ノHillBro (@HillBroYo) October 26, 2016,  Sick Hillary can’t even conquer a single step without help. pic. twitter.   —   Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 26, 2016,  This video further casts a light on Hillary’s stamina and health. In the past, Hillary’s health has been called into question by not only people on the Right, but even by her own staff. Breitbart News’ Patrick Howley reported Tuesday that according to an email released by WikiLeaks, Huma Abedin even questioned Hillary’s health in 2015, following a bad fall and subsequent concussion in 2012.  "Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin said in 2015, after the campaign began, that Clinton is ‘still not perfect in her head. ’" Leading up to September 11, 2016, people such as Mike Ceriovitch had been questioning Clinton’s health on twitter using the hashtag #sickhillary. The questions began to rise following videos of her [Hillary Clinton] needing help getting upstairs, have coughing fits during speeches, and of a mysterious handler that is constantly with her. However, before September 11, these questions were written off as a conspiracy theory. Following her collapse at the   memorial this year, Clinton was forced to address her health issues. It is well known that Clinton has had her fair share of them. Republican nominee Donald Trump has on many occasions suggested Clinton’s stamina and health impact upon her ability to endure the rigors of  the office of President.
