Welcome to Breitbart News’s Live Updates of the 2016 Horse Race.   —   All times eastern. It seems like every day, Donald Trump compels someone in the Republican establishment or the conservative industrial complex to reveal their character, who they are, and what they really think. And it’s ugly. Today, Erick Erickson said that Trump voters have "failed at life and blame others for their poor decisions. " A lot of Trump voters have failed at life and blame others for their own poor decisions.  They’re using Trump as a vehicle for revenge.  —   Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) April 1, 2016,  @EWErickson Where are the people defending your statement? All the replies are about you being a failure.  —   Bird (@Birds_Quest) April 1, 2016,  @EWErickson Failed at life? I’m   no debt, good credit, have owned 2 houses  happy. Sounds like you’re a bitter, unhappy man.  —   Trump Rioter (@Early__May) April 1, 2016,    @EWErickson @SaveAslave Right, Carl Icahn failed at life. You should be worried about the pending failure of your organization.  —   Mark E. Gillar (@MarkGillar) April 1, 2016,    @EWErickson You are such a failure at deciding what kind of voters Trump has. They are everywhere. All money spectrums. you 👎FAIL,  —   Moody Brew (@MoodyBrew) April 1, 2016,  @WDFx2EU @EWErickson excuse me? 250k year is not failure, love! Think before you speak! #TRUMP,  —   Diana Verba (@DianaVerb) April 1, 2016,  @EWErickson Really Erick? What makes you such a genius? I unsubscribed to your newsletter and will never listen to your radio show again!  —   mark gentry (@tmarkgentry) April 1, 2016,  @EWErickson Wow. A broad statement indeed. I support Trump, I am a retired Army LTC combat veteran, started and sold an Internet company!  —   Dr. Rich Swier (@drrichswier) April 1, 2016,  @EWErickson I am a trump supporter that makes 6 figures. Here is me in my house, flipping you off. pic. twitter.   —      (@magnifier661) April 1, 2016,  @EWErickson Same could be said of petty, little wannabe Titans of Conservatism. Who do more damage to the movement, than supporters of DT,  —   jason kost (@KostJason) April 1, 2016,  10:26: Trump vows to be in Wisconsin until election day and talk about jobs, immigration and trade: I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home  —   make great deals!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 2, 2016,  10:24: Cruz says our military won’t be governed by political correctness. Standing O for @tedcruz  —   very   crowd in Milwaukee  —   intro’ed by Gov Scott  Walker  calls him "a rock star" pic. twitter.   —   Chris Jansing (@ChrisJansing) April 2, 2016,  10:10: Cruz says Walker inspired him by standing up to the union bosses and praises Walker’s "courage and principle," which is exactly the "courage and principle we need in Washington, D. C. to turn the country around. " 9:40: Palin says enough of the "holier than thou" lectures from the   crowd who "sanctimoniously" lecture us about Trump’s tone while they are personally responsible for policies that have cost American lives and trillions of dollars.  9:35: Palin says Trump is the only candidate who shares our interest in stopping the Islamic threat by defeating ISIS and using extremists from using our porous borders that are purposely left open to infiltrated. She says they will recruit in the U. S. to unleash terror here and that’s not "something to laugh at. " 9:33: On trade, Palin says the loss of our industrial jobs represents one of the "greatest betrayals" by politicians. She says surrendering on free trade is not "conservative" but "radical. " And again hits Cruz on TPP without naming him. 9:32: Palin takes a shot at Cruz without naming him for inducing more illegal immigrants with "gift baskets" and "soccer bills" with Glenn Beck. 9:30: Palin says unscaled immigration has suffocated wages, kicked away the ladder to the middle class. And the corporate shills who are funding the   super PACs love open borders and visa programs that flood the market with more foreign workers. He says Trump is the only one who understands this reality. 9:28: Palin says the professional tacticians in D. C. just sees the Republican Party as an "ATM" and they are "shaken up" by the Trump Train. She says they are trying to hang onto their "relevancy" and "gravy train" and is leading to a "healthy cleansing" of our body politic. She says the D. C. elites profit with open borders and reckless foreign policy decisions that cost us our treasure and the blood our sons and daughters in uniform. She says the establishment’s interests run counter to the interests of the people and common sense, which is an endangered species in Washington. 9:25: At the Wisconsin Republican Party fundraiser, former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin says her dad is the biggest cheesehead and Wisconsin reminds her of his man cave. Her dad played high school football with Packer great Jerry Kramer. 9:09: Kasich says he didn’t worship presidents growing up. His hero was Roberto Clemente and one of the few times his mother cried in front of him was when "our hero" Clemente died after the plane crash. He told a Pennsylvania audience the same thing earlier in the day. 8:58: At the Wisconsin Republican Party fundraiser, Kasich says he has always been an "independent operator" and the Republican Party has been his "vehicle" and not his "master. " . @JohnKasich speaking now at WI GOP dinner in Milwaukee live now on @cspan pic. twitter.   —   Shannon A (@shogustus) April 2, 2016,  Introducing Kasich, former WI Gov. Tommy Thompson invokes: Abraham Lincoln, William F. Buckley, Green Bay Packers, Wisconsin Badgers,  —   Matt Flegenheimer (@mattfleg) April 2, 2016,  8:49: For those keeping score at home, Trump campaign now says he will change the law on abortion: . @realDonaldTrump spox Hope Hicks walks back Trump abortion comments to CBS. Says Trump WILL change law on abortion pic. twitter.   —   Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) April 2, 2016,  8:34: Huma Abedin claims she hasn’t read any of  ’s emails that have become public in a podcast interview with CallYourGirlfriend. com, 8:18: Re: Rule 40, Cruz says it would be ironic if the establishment ended up changing the rule that was meant to protect the establishment in order to "disenfranchise" voters. 8:17: Cruz optimistic about Wisconsin: Ted Cruz says that "in Wisconsin, with the lead we’ve got, we are likely to win" all or most of the state’s delegates, he tells Fox News.  —   Teddy Schleifer (@teddyschleifer) April 2, 2016,  8:14: On Fox News, Cruz says Trump starts "yelling" and "cursing" when he’s in trouble when asked about his "Lyin’ Ted" remarks. 7:42: Trump hammers Cruz on Trade: Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2016,  7:30: Trump on abortion: It’s murder but current laws don’t need to be changed, Here’s the preview of @jdickerson’s interview with @realDonaldTrump see more on @FaceTheNation Sunday: https:  .   —   Alex Romano (@alexromano) April 1, 2016,  Dickerson: But you don’t disagree with that proposition, that it’s [abortion] murder? ..Trump: No, I don’t disagree with it.  —   Alex Romano (@alexromano) April 1, 2016,  7:27: Clinton campaign: "Prudent" for State Department to halt   investigation: This is a prudent step. The State Department’s Inspector General should follow suit. https:  .   —   Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) April 1, 2016,    7:25: Socialist who claims he will provide free college without increasing debt calls Trump a "nut case. " New: @BernieSanders talks abt beating @realDonaldTrump in general election polls, says that’s   he "exposed what a nutcase he really is"  —   Elizabeth Landers (@ElizLanders) April 1, 2016,  7:22: Sanders demands apology from Clinton: . @BernieSanders on this Greenpeace video: "Secretary Clinton, you owe our campaign an apology, we were telling the truth."  —   Elizabeth Landers (@ElizLanders) April 1, 2016,  Clinton Campaign: Apologize for What? When asked if campaign will apologize for yesterday, @jmpalmieri says: "Apologize for what? No. They are grossly misrepresenting her record"  —   Monica Alba (@albamonica) April 1, 2016,  In a new statement, @jmpalmieri says that the Clinton campaign will not apologize to Sanders: pic. twitter.   —   Hannah Chanpong (@hannahfc) April 1, 2016,  7:21: Sanders’s huge fundraising haul in March: Bernie Sanders’ campaign raises $44M in March  —   a new high for his White House bid https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) April 1, 2016,  7:20: Sanders in Wisconsin: . @BernieSanders 1st rally of the day in Sheboygan, Wisconsin pic. twitter.   —   Elizabeth Landers (@ElizLanders) April 1, 2016,  4:53: Atlantic City Casino Workers Union endorses Sanders.  4:50: Cruz repeats line he has been  using about  : "The Democrats have a   socialist with ideas dangerous for America and the world  …     and Bernie Sanders. " 4:47: Cruz says the "day of reckoning" is coming for jihadists in January, 2017. 4:45: Cruz exciting Pennsylvania crowd: Senator Ted Cruz, "we’ve had a good week." Referring to Trump stumbles.  @abc27News pic. twitter.   —   Dennis Owens (@Owens_abc27) April 1, 2016,  Cruz lovers give Texas senator a standing O as he takes the stage in Camp Hill. @abc27News pic. twitter.   —   Dennis Owens (@Owens_abc27) April 1, 2016,  4:37: Dilbert creator Scott Adams says Trump’s use of "linguistic kill shots" may help him defeat Clinton. Sounding like Chris Matthews re: "Mommy Party and Daddy Party," he says Trump may prevail against Clinton in a    matchup because Americans will vote for "dad" over "mom" to take care of the country’s national security, etc. if things get more chaotic because of terrorist attacks around the world. 4:30: "The Fossil and the felon. " Speaker introducing Cruz refers to Sanders and Clinton as "the fossil and the felon" #PLC2016,  —   Candy Woodall (@candynotcandace) April 1, 2016,  4:21: CNN’s Jake Tapper says Trump has never been called the "Kim Kardashian of politics" before until Cruz did so last night. Wrong. Carly Fiorina used that line that Cruz stole a long time ago. 4:20: Trump should have lowered expectations a long time ago. Trump senior adviser Barry Bennett to Katie Couric: "We’ve always assumed that we would lose Wisconsin." pic. twitter.   —   Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) April 1, 2016,  Trump was an underdog in Wisconsin even *before* Rubio left the race https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Nate Cohn (@Nate_Cohn) March 31, 2016,  There’s nothing about Cruz’s strength and Trump weakness in Wisconsin that suggests a change in the race. This is expected.  —   Nate Cohn (@Nate_Cohn) March 31, 2016,  4:15: Someone on a show affiliated with Shonda Rhimes show is actually supporting Sanders: "How To Get Away With Murder" actor Kendrick Sampson hosting a mixer for @BernieSanders in Baltimore tonight.  —   Juana Summers (@jmsummers) April 1, 2016,  4:11 Dr. Ben Carson says it "speaks volumes" that people who have worked from Trump don’t say bad things about him. 4:05: Rep. Jeff Miller ( ) Chair of the Veterans Committee, was reportedly at Trump’s national security meeting yesterday: Trump campaign source confirms to @KatyTurNBC Miller was @ the meeting —  big get for Trump:https:  .   —   Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) April 1, 2016,  I’m told Rep. Duncan Hunter helped bring him   —  they chatted a few weeks ago, and Hunter recommended Miller to Team Trump.  —   Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) April 1, 2016,  3:45: Trump’s new radio ad: My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 https:  .   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2016,  Here’s the transcript of Trump’s new radio ad: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) April 1, 2016,  3:40: State Department defers to FBI on Clinton Email Investigation: State Department Halts Its Clinton Email Investigation, Defers to FBI  —    https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   News Radio 1230 (@ABC1230News) April 1, 2016,  3:35: Megyn Kelly will host a town hall with Ted Cruz on Monday: Cruz will sit down with Megyn Kelly for a town hall in Madison, Wisconsin on Monday: https:  .   —   Teddy Schleifer (@teddyschleifer) April 1, 2016,  3:31: Barney Franks Says Clinton Should Release Her Wall Street Transcripts. 3:30: Important ‘unbound delegates.’ There are at least 135 unbound GOP delegates so far who can vote for whomever they want. Here’s how they’re chosen. https:  .   —   Ryan Struyk (@ryanstruyk) April 1, 2016,  3:25: Clinton doesn’t snap on rope line today: Rope line Clinton pic. twitter.   —   Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) April 1, 2016,    3:23: Clinton wants voters to read the "fine print" on Sanders Free College Plan: Clinton tells voters to ’read the fine print’ and ’ask for the details’ on Sanders’ college plan  —   Full riff: pic. twitter.   —   Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 1, 2016,    3:20: New Trump Instagram Video: Nobody Likes ‘Lyin Ted.’  Does anybody like Lyin’ Ted? A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Apr 1, 2016 at 11:38am PDT,  3:15: Cruz to speak at another convention: Ted Cruz will speak at the California Republican Party’s convention in Burlingame later this month.  —   Seema Mehta (@LATSeema) April 1, 2016,  2:50: Hillary Clinton signs two basketballs for the Syracuse men’s and women’s basketball teams (both are in their respective Final Fours) HRC signed 2 balls: 1 for the women’s team, 1 for the men’s. @SyracuseU officials will present to each this weekend pic. twitter.   —   Monica Alba (@albamonica) April 1, 2016,  2:35: Hillary just doesn’t seem authentic when talking about sports. She could have given a   to upstate New York hometown star Breanna Stewart, whom even Syracuse men’s basketball coach Jim Boeheim has effusively praised this week and who could be the most decorated women’s college basketball player ever if UCONN wins another title next week: Clinton, wearing bright orange in Syracuse: "this morning I thought I need to support the home team so let’s leave it at that"  —   Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) April 1, 2016,  Clinton: Not wise to root for an athletic team, but "I know the Orange needs our support.   …     I need to support the home team." #Syracuse,  —   Julie McMahon (@Julie_McMahon) April 1, 2016,  While campaigning in NY, Clinton says she will be rooting for the "home team"  —   Syracuse men and women bball  —   in this weekend’s Final Four.  —   Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 1, 2016,      Case in point: Isn’t she more like North Carolina? #1 seed, no? https:  .   —   Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) April 1, 2016,  HRC compares herself to Syracuse  basketball teams: "Don’t count us out. We’ve got the grit, we’ve got the resilience  the determination."  —   Monica Alba (@albamonica) April 1, 2016,  Flashback: 2:30: Palin stumping for Trump in Wisconsin: 2:15: No pun intended: Clinton on wine ice cream: "If I am so fortunate to be elected president, it will be served in the White House."  —   Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 1, 2016,  2:10: Kasich Slams Cruz, Says His Only Record Is Alienating People and Shutting Down Government: . @JohnKasich hits @tedcruz more directly than I’ve heard before. VIDEO pic. twitter.   —   Kelly O’Donnell (@KellyO) April 1, 2016,  Kasich hits Cruz hard, per @kailanikm: "The problem with Sen. Cruz is he has no record. His record is shutting down the government."  —   Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) April 1, 2016,  2:05: If the left is so confident Trump will get trounced in a general election, why are there so many fervent calls this early to get "engaged" in the general? Andrew Sullivan email to fans: "With Donald Trump as the GOP   it seems to me a civic duty to get engaged with this election"  —   Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) April 1, 2016, 
