Pop star and outspoken Hillary Clinton supporter Katy Perry stripped down to her birthday suit to head to the ballot box in a new voter registration PSA produced by liberal comedy website Funny or Die. ["Hi. I’m Katy Perry. You know, November 8th is Election Day, and I’ve got some great news. This year, you can look like sh*t when you vote," the    pop singer says in the   clip, released Tuesday to coincide with National Voter Registration Day.   "Yup, I’ve briefly scanned the Constitution, and nowhere does it say you can’t just roll out of bed and come to the polls in whatever state you woke up in," a cheerful Perry says as she strolls into a ballot box. Perry points to others who have showed up to vote in various states of undress, including those in "child’s onesies" and that "hunk in kid’s briefs," before stripping down to cast her own vote. "Or, if you’re like me  …     I sleep naked," Perry says before shedding her clothes, causing at least one man behind her to faint. "Let those babies loose. " Perry, along with many of her fellow celebrities, took to Twitter to   Monday night’s first presidential debate between Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump. The singer enthusiastically cheered on Clinton. YOU LIVE IN YOUR OWN REALITY 💥💣 #debatenight,  —   KATY PERRY (@katyperry) September 27, 2016,  She’s smiling with ease cause #shesgotthis #ImWithHer #debatenight,  —   KATY PERRY (@katyperry) September 27, 2016,  The "Roar" singer has been one of Clinton’s most active and outspoken celebrity supporters, having appeared with the candidate at campaign rallies and hosted fundraiser concerts for her. The singer also performed in support of Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July, urging attendees to unite behind the candidate in November.  "Unfortunately, I don’t have a formal education. But I do have an open mind, and I have a voice," Perry said at the DNC. "I’m asking you to have an open mind and to use your voice.   …     Here’s how I’m going to use my voice: I’m going vote for Hillary Clinton. " The Katy Perry PSA is Funny or Die’s second     video in as many weeks last week, actor Zach Galifianakis hosted Clinton herself for a special episode of his Web series "Between Two Ferns" that was watched around 30 million times in its first 24 hours. Watch Perry’s     PSA above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
